# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, the industry and segments in which we currently operate or propose to operate. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial, actually occur, our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could suffer, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. To obtain a complete understanding of our Company, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview” and “Management’s Discussions and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 127, 91 and 268, respectively, as well as the financial, statistical and other information contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision_ , _prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and the terms of the Issue including the merits and risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in our Equity Shares._ 

_To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and results of operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section._ 

_Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries. This Draft Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For details, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 19._ 

_Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section. Unless the context requires otherwise, the financial information of our Company has been derived from the Restated Financial Statements._ 

# **_Internal Risk Factors_** 

# **_1. Unfavourable local and global weather patterns may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

As an edible oil and food and FMCG company, our businesses are sensitive to weather conditions, including extremes such as drought, floods and natural disasters. There is growing concern that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may have an adverse impact on global temperatures, weather patterns and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. The availability of raw materials for our operations, which includes, amongst others, unrefined palm oil, soya oil and sunflower oil, wheat, paddy and oilseeds may be adversely affected by longer than usual periods of heavy rainfall in certain regions or a drought caused by weather patterns such as the El Nino. For example, natural disasters, excessive rainfall or extended periods of dry weather will lead to a decrease in the overall yield of fresh fruit bunches (“ **FFB** ”) at the oil palm plantations of our suppliers. Excessive rainfall may lead to poor pollination of palms, decrease the effectiveness of fertilizers and affect harvesting, while drought may result in oil palm plantations forming fewer FFB. Such events may have an adverse impact on the availability and prices of raw materials for our operations, which may increase the costs of our operations as well as negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Adverse weather conditions may also result in decreased availability of water, which could impact our manufacturing operations. The increasing concern over climate change may also result in enhanced regional and global legal and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of greenhouse gases, as well as more stringent regulation of water rights. In the event that such regulations are enacted and are more aggressive than the sustainability measures that we are currently undertaking, we may experience significant increases in our costs of operations. Consequently, the occurrence of any such unfavourable weather patterns may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_2. Our operations are dependent on the supply of large amounts of raw material such as unrefined palm oil, soyabean oil and sunflower oil, wheat, paddy and oilseeds. We do not have long term agreements with suppliers for our raw materials and any increase in the cost of, or a shortfall in the availability of, such raw materials could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations, and seasonable variations could also result in fluctuations in our results of operations._** 

Our business depends on the availability of reasonably priced and high quality raw materials in the quantities required by us. For example, we source certain raw materials from global suppliers. Predominantly, unrefined soybean oil is imported from Argentina and Brazil, unrefined sunflower oil from Ukraine and Russia, and palm oil from Indonesia and Malaysia. We also source wheat, paddy and oilseeds domestically, either directly from farmers or through agents acting on behalf of them. 

20 

The price and availability of such raw materials depend on several factors beyond our control, including overall economic conditions, production levels, market demand and competition for such materials, production and transportation cost, duties and taxes and trade restrictions. In addition, we do not have long term supply contracts with any of our raw material suppliers and we typically place orders with them in advance of our anticipated requirements. The absence of long term contracts at fixed prices exposes us to volatility in the prices of raw materials that we require and we may be unable to pass these costs onto our customers. We also face a risk that one or more of our existing suppliers may discontinue their supplies to us, and any inability on our part to procure raw materials from alternate suppliers in a timely fashion, or on commercially acceptable terms, may adversely affect our operations. If, for any reason, primary suppliers of raw materials curtail or discontinue their delivery of such materials or products to us in the quantities we need, or on commercially acceptable terms, production schedules could be disrupted and our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Additionally, the supply of raw materials for our business operations is subject to seasonal variations. For example, the supply of raw materials which we procure domestically depends on the harvesting season of various crops, and crushing operations peak in 3 to 4-month period after the harvesting season. Soya, for instance, is primarily harvested in the month of November, with its peak crushing season being the months of November till February, whereas mustard is typically harvested in the month of March with its peak crushing season being the months of March till June. As a result of such seasonal fluctuations, and the fact that we do not have adequate storage infrastructure for off-season sales and arbitrage, our sales and results of operations may vary by fiscal quarter, and the sales and results of operations of any given fiscal quarter may not be relied upon as indicators of the sales or results of operations of other fiscal quarters or of our future performance. Such seasonal fluctuations may also result in a shortfall in the availability of the raw materials required for our business operations during certain periods, which could also have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

# **_3. Our Company depends significantly on imports of raw materials/finished goods in addition to domestic supplies, and various factors may result in an inadequate supply of raw materials/finished goods or result in an increase in our cost in order to secure sufficient raw materials/finished goods to meet our operational requirements._** 

Although much of our raw materials/finished goods is imported from global suppliers which are typically reliable suppliers, it is nevertheless possible for an inadequate supply of raw materials/finished goods of sufficient quality to be caused by the default of the supplier, by import restrictions imposed by the Indian government or by export restrictions imposed by governments of foreign countries where we import our raw materials/finished goods from, or for any other reason, which could hamper our operations. For instance, the Indian government imposed restrictions on imports of refined palm oil from Malaysia in early 2020, and while our operations were not affected as we import crude palm oil (which was not restricted by the Indian government) rather than refined palm oil from Malaysia, any similar restrictions imposed by the Indian government on the import of crude palm oil could have affected our operations. Additionally, we have to estimate the transportation time for imports of raw materials/finished goods (especially raw materials/finished goods from distant countries) several months in advance of the actual time that they are required by us, and any error in our estimate or any change in market conditions by the time the raw materials/finished goods arrive may lead to a shortfall in raw materials/finished goods. In such situations, it may not be possible to meet the raw material/finished goods requirements for our edible oil production operations due to the low domestic production of edible oil raw materials/finished goods in India. Even in situations where it is possible to meet our raw material/finished goods requirements through domestic suppliers, this may result in an increase in our cost. For the financial years 2019, 2020 and 2021, 54.90%, 59.26% and 59.76% of our cost of raw materials/finished goods was imported, respectively, and 45.10%, 40.74% and 40.24% of our cost of raw materials/finished goods was obtained through domestic suppliers, respectively. Although we may seek to pass on some or all of the additional costs of raw materials/finished goods to customers, we cannot assure you that we will be successful in doing so. This may adversely affect our results of operations, and consequently our sales and profitability. 

# **_4. We have a diverse range of products primarily in three business categories and our inability to manage our diversified operations may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We offer a diverse range of products primarily in three business categories: (i) edible oils such as soya oil, palm oil, sunflower oil, groundnut oil, cottonseed oil, mustard oil, rice bran oil and specialty fats, (ii) food products such as wheat flour, basmati rice, soya nuggets, pulses and _besan_ and other FMCG products such as personal hygiene products, and (iii) industry essentials such as de-oiled cakes, oleochemicals and castor oil and derivatives. As a result of operating such diverse businesses, our management requires considerable expertise and skill to manage and allocate an appropriate amount of time and attention to each business. Operating such diverse businesses also makes forecasting future revenue and operating results difficult, which may impair our operations and your ability to assess our prospects. In addition, our cost controls, internal controls, and accounting and reporting systems must be integrated and upgraded on a continual basis to support our diversified businesses. In order to manage and integrate our diversified businesses effectively, we will be required to, among other things, stay abreast with key developments in each geography in which we operate, implement and continue to improve our operational, financial and management systems, develop the management skills of our managers and continue to train, motivate and manage our employees. If we are unable to manage our diversified operations, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

21 

# **_5._** 

# **_We derive a significant portion of our revenue from our edible oil business segment and any reduction in demand or in the production of such products could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We derive a significant portion of our revenue from our edible oil business segment. For the financial years 2019, 2020 and 2021, our revenue from our edible oil business was ₹215,398 million, ₹234,767 million and ₹304,978 million, or 74.80%, 79.16% and 82.23% of our revenue from operations, respectively. Consequently, any reduction in demand or a temporary or permanent discontinuation of manufacturing of our edible oil products could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_6. Our products are in the nature of commodities and their prices are subject to fluctuations that may affect our profitability._** 

Our earnings are to an extent dependent on the prices of the commodities that we sell, including, amongst others, palm oil, sunflower oil, grain and castor oil. These fluctuate due to factors beyond our control, including, amongst others, world supply and demand, supply of raw materials, weather, crop yields, trade disputes between governments of key producing and consuming countries and governmental regulation. Global demand for agricultural commodities may be adversely affected in periods of sustained economic downturn, while supply may increase due to weather patterns or long-term technological developments, all of which are factors beyond our control. 

For instance, as commodity prices are currently at an all-time high, this has had an impact on our earnings. In particular, due to the increased commodity prices, our revenues increased by ₹74,333.86 million, or 25.06%, in financial year 2021 as compared to financial year 2020, compared to an increase in volume of products sold of 3-4% between for the same period. However, notwithstanding our increased revenue, the high commodity prices have also led to an exponential rise in raw material prices, which resulted in a decrease in our EBITDA margin in percentage terms for the same period. Although we have thus far been able to pass on the increased raw materials costs to consumers by increasing prices for our products, and we believe we are adequately hedged against adverse increases in raw material prices through our policy of hedging our purchases either through direct sales of similar commodity or through futures contracts on the commodity exchanges, we cannot assure you that we will always be successful in doing so. If commodity prices fall from this level, it is possible for our revenue to fall in terms of absolute value, while our EBITDA margins may increase in percentage terms. Nonetheless, it is difficult to predict the specific price fluctuations that may occur and the exact impact which they may have on our earnings, and it is possible for such price fluctuations to adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_7. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on our business._** 

Although we follow established risk management policies, including the use of derivatives, such as foreign exchange forward contracts and options, to hedge our exposure to foreign currency risks, we are nevertheless exposed to risks from foreign exchange rate fluctuations since our business is dependent on imports and exports entailing large foreign exchange transactions, in currencies including the U.S. dollar, Euro, British Pound, Swiss Franc and the Swedish Krona. In addition, we have certain foreign currency borrowings and our future capital expenditures, including any imported equipment and machinery, may be denominated in foreign currencies. Exchange rates between some of these currencies and the Indian rupee in recent years have fluctuated significantly and may do so in the future, thereby impacting our results of operations and cash flows in Indian rupee terms. In addition, the policies of the RBI may also change from time to time, which may limit our ability to effectively hedge our foreign currency exposures. The risks of foreign exchange fluctuations may also compel us to enter into further hedging arrangements. Further, given that we rely on the importation of raw materials, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates may result in an increase in the costs of our raw materials. Such a situation could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_8. Import restrictions by other countries on our products may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and result of operations._** 

We are one of the largest exporters of castor oil and castor oil derivatives, and one of the largest exporters of oleochemicals in India as of March 31, 2020. As such, official and unofficial policies implemented by other countries or international organisations to limit imports from certain countries and/or exporters of our products (such as the imposition of qualitative or quantitative restrictions, increased inspections and quarantines or additional requirements for sales) may affect our ability to sell such products abroad. In particular, as China is our largest export market (accounting for ₹10,554 million (or approximately 38.4%) (predominantly from castor sales) out of our overall export sales of ₹27,461.55 million in the financial year 2021), any import restriction imposed by China on our products may have a disproportionate impact on our export sales as compared to similar restrictions imposed by other countries. Although export sales currently account for only less than 10% of our overall revenue (as our exports are mostly under our industry essentials business segment) and does not presently represent a significant portion of our revenue, we cannot assure you that this will always remain the case, and it is possible that export sales may account for a larger portion of our overall revenue in future. As such, any import restrictions implemented by other countries or 

22 

international organisations on our products may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_9. The improper handling, processing or storage of raw materials or products, or spoilage of and damage to such raw materials and products, or any real or perceived contamination in our products, could subject us to regulatory and legal action, damage our reputation and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The products that we manufacture or process are subject to risks such as contamination, adulteration and product tampering during their manufacture, transport or storage. We face inherent business risks of exposure to product liability or recall claims in the event that our products fail to meet the required quality standards including as prescribed under the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006 and the rules thereunder or are alleged to result in harm to customers. For example, the refining of edible oil involves several complex processes like degumming, neutralizing, bleaching and deodorizing. Any occurrence of negligence and/or oversight in the process of refining, may lead to impure oil being sold in the market which could be harmful for the consumers. Such incidences may expose our Company to liabilities and claims, which could adversely affect our growth and profitability. Additionally, for instance, storage of crops for our products entails significant risks associated with the storage environment, including moisture, temperature, humidity levels, pests, parasites and/or diseases. Excessively high or low levels of moisture, temperature or humidity may result in damage to stored crops and seeds, which may have a material adverse effect to our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Such risks may be controlled, but not eliminated, by adherence to good manufacturing practices and finished product testing. We have little, if any, control over proper handling once our products are shipped to our customers, particularly our retail customers. We cannot assure you that there will not be incidents of contaminated products or ingredients in the future which may result in product liability claims, product recall and negative publicity. Further, we face the risk of legal proceedings and product liability claims being brought by various entities, including consumers, distributors and government agencies for various reasons including for defective or contaminated products sold or services rendered. For further details, please see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation filed against our Company_ ” on page 290. If we experience a product recall or are a party to a product liability case, we may incur considerable expense in litigation. Although we have product liability insurance cover for our domestic and international markets for certain of our businesses, we cannot assure you that this insurance coverage is adequate or that any losses will be adequately compensated by our insurers in the event of a product liability claim. Any product recall, product liability claim or adverse regulatory action may adversely affect our reputation and brand image, as well as entail significant costs in excess of available insurance coverage, which could adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_10. Certain companies within the Adani group (including certain members of our Promoters, Promoter Group and Group Companies) are involved in various legal, regulatory and other proceedings which could have an adverse impact on our business and reputation._** 

Certain companies within the Adani group (including certain members of our Promoters, Promoter Group and Group Companies) (“ **Relevant Entities** ”) from time to time are involved in litigation, claims, enquiries, investigations and other proceedings including tax disputes, criminal and civil matters, and regulatory proceedings by the GoI and other agencies against the Relevant Entities. If any of these litigation, claims, enquiries, investigations and other proceedings are adversely determined, it could have an adverse impact on the Relevant Entities or us. In years 2020 and 2021, SEBI has directed certain Relevant Entities to provide specific information and documents, which have been responded to by the Relevant Entities. If Relevant Entities receive similar directions / request in the future or in case any proceedings are initiated against them, it could have an adverse impact on such Relevant Entities including cost _“_ implications and diversion of management’s attention or other recourses. Further, please see – _33. We are dependent on the strength of our brand and reputation, as well as the brand and reputation of our Promoters and other Adani group and Wilmar group entities_ .” on page 33. 

# **_11. We rely heavily on our existing brands, the dilution of which could adversely affect our business._** 

Our product portfolio spans various brands including our flagship brand, Fortune, and King’s, Bullet, Raag, Avsar, Jubilee, Fryola, Alife, Alpha and Aadhaar. Our brands and reputation are among our most important assets and we believe our brands serve in attracting customers to our products in preference over those of our competitors. We believe that continuing to develop awareness of our brands, through focused and consistent branding and marketing initiatives, among retail consumers and institutional customers, is important for our ability to increase our sales volumes and our revenues, grow our existing market share and expand into new markets. Decrease in product quality due to reasons beyond our control or allegations of product defects, even when false or unfounded, could tarnish the image of the established brands and may cause consumers to choose other products. Our reputation and brands could also be affected by socially motivated groups, which could lead to a decline in our sales volume. Further, the considerable expansion in the use of social media over recent years has compounded the impact of negative publicity. Consequently, any adverse publicity involving our brands, our Company or our products may impair our reputation, dilute the impact of our branding and marketing initiatives and adversely affect our business and our prospects. Additionally, as we rely heavily on our flagship brand, Fortune, in particular, any adverse publicity involving our Fortune brand may result in 

23 

a substantial impairment to our reputation and negatively affect our business and our prospects in a disproportionate manner. 

# **_12. The COVID-19 pandemic has affected, and could continue to affect, the global economy as a whole and markets in which our Company operates._** 

The COVID-19 pandemic has caused volatility in the global economy and significant shifts in the prices of raw materials that we purchase as well as the prices of, and demand for, the products that we sell. Although the prices for our products had risen due to them being food, industrial and essential commodities which are non-discretionary in nature, as well as due to the increase in stockpiling of such products, we cannot assure you that the prices of our products will not be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Government measures taken in response to the pandemic, including quarantine orders, as well as other indirect effects that the COVID-19 pandemic is having on global economic activity have also resulted in operating and logistics risks for our Company, and almost all industrial operations were impacted by changed protocols or working practices. Preventative measures put in place to tackle the COVID-19 pandemic in any jurisdiction where our Company operates could impact in a negative way on our Company’s operations. For example, due to the severe restrictions imposed during the COVID-19 pandemic lockdown in India in 2020, we were only able to operate two of our largest plants, namely Mundra and Haldia. While we were able to operate both plants at over 90% capacity, any further COVID-19 pandemic restrictions may significantly curtail our operations. For instance, a complete lockdown may impact our supply chain for at least a few days, which may result in a delay in the supply of our finished goods. 

Further, the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (“ **FSSAI** ”) has issued a guidance note on ‘ _Food Hygiene and Safety Guidelines for Food Businesses during Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) Pandemic_ ’ (“ **FSSAI Guidelines** ”) with an intent to provide guidance to food businesses like ours, including the personnel involved in handling of food and other employees to prevent spread of COVID-19 in the work environment and any incidental contamination of food/food packages. The FSSAI Guidelines mandates strict adherence to General Hygiene Practices specified under Schedule 4 of Food Safety and Standards (Licensing and Registration of Food Businesses) Regulation, 2011. The schedule enumerates multiple compulsory measures to be adopted by food business operators in the interest of human nutrition, safety and hygiene which may result in increased costs. Although we are currently in compliance with the FSSAI Guidelines, any failure in the future to fully comply or adhere to the measures and guidelines set out in the FSSAI Guidelines or any other similar regulations could lead to the imposition of penalties, fines or other sanctions, which could have an adverse impact on our business. 

The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our Company’s business going forward will depend on a range of factors which we are not able to accurately predict, including the duration and scope of the pandemic, a repeat of the spike in the number of COVID-19 cases, the geographies impacted, the impact of the pandemic on economic activity and the nature and severity of measures adopted by governments, including restrictions on travel, mandates to avoid large gatherings and orders to self-quarantine or shelter in place. For example, while the increased public awareness on hygiene as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic has led to an increase in our branded sales in retail for oils such as ricebran oil, sunflower oil and mustard oil which may be perceived to be healthier than other oils, the COVID-19 pandemic has also resulted in a severe impact to our sales to the food service and hospitality industries. Further, while COVID-19 pandemic restrictions had initially disrupted our supply chains in the first half of 2020 due to the resulting unavailability of truck drivers and delivery vehicles as well as labour availability issues at various plants until July 2020, our operations have been largely normalised post-July 2020 with minimal disruptions from COVID-19 pandemic restrictions ever since, and the initial supply chain disruption in the first half of 2020 did not have a significant impact on our overall sales. Nonetheless, it remains difficult to predict the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our Company’s business and, going forward, it remains possible that the COVID-19 pandemic will have a material adverse impact on our business operations. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has also led to sharp reductions in global growth rates and the ultimate impact on the global economy remains uncertain. Accordingly, the COVID-19 pandemic may have significant negative impacts in the medium and long term, including on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_13. A slowdown or shutdown in our manufacturing operations or under-utilization of our manufacturing facilities could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

As of March 31, 2021, we had established 22 plants which are strategically located across 10 states in India, comprising 10 crushing units and 18 refineries. Our business is dependent upon our ability to manage our manufacturing facilities, which are subject to various operating risks, including those beyond our control, such as the breakdown and failure of equipment or industrial accidents and severe weather conditions and natural disasters. Any significant malfunction or breakdown of our machinery may entail significant repair and maintenance costs and cause delays in our operations. If we are unable to repair malfunctioning machinery in a timely manner or at all, our operations may need to be suspended until we procure machinery to replace the same. In addition, we may be required to carry out planned shutdowns of our units for maintenance, statutory inspections and testing, or may shut down certain units for capacity expansion and equipment upgrades. We may also face protests from local citizens at our existing units or while setting up new units, which may delay or halt our operations. Certain of our products depend on either one or two 

24 

manufacturing units, such as rice and wheat flour. Further, the raw materials for the staple food that we produce, such as wheat, are perishable products and consequently any malfunction or break-down of our machinery or equipment resulting in the slowdown or stoppage of our operations may adversely affect the quality of such raw materials. 

For example, our rice manufacturing unit in Ferozepur, Punjab is currently closed as a result of protests outside of the unit relating to the Farmers’ Produce Trade and Commerce (Promotion and Facilitation) Act, 2020 and the Farmers (Empowerment and Protection) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Act, 2020 which were passed by the Parliament of India in September 2020. 

Although we have not experienced any significant disruptions at our manufacturing units in the past, we cannot assure you that there will not be any disruptions in our operations in the future. Our inability to effectively respond to such events and rectify any disruption, in a timely manner and at an acceptable cost, could lead to the slowdown or shutdown of our operations or the under-utilization of our manufacturing facilities, which in turn may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_14. We utilize the services of certain third parties for our operations and any deficiency or interruption in their services could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

We utilize and depend on the services of certain third parties for our operations. For instance, we rely on global suppliers for the supply of certain raw materials such as unrefined soybean oil, sunflower oil and palm oil, while we source wheat, paddy and oilseeds from domestic sources. We also depend on third party transport providers for the dispatch of our products. Further, our manufacturing operations depend on reliable supply of electricity from power companies, and we outsource our information technology needs such as enterprise resource planning processes. Additionally, we outsource some of our manufacturing processes (including some of our manufacturing processes for our food and oil products) to third party tolling units, so as to reduce supply chain cost for regions where our Company does not have a manufacturing unit and to cover a wider area of sales without having to invest in capital expenditure. We also prefer to rely on an arrangement of tolling operations for new food product launches for which we do not have sufficient manufacturing capacity in place. The agreements entered into with such third party tolling units include provisions which may allow the third party to terminate the agreement with prior notice of 30 to 60 days. In the event that any of such third party tolling units opt to terminate their respective agreements, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain a replacement in a timely manner. 

We cannot assure you that we will be successful in continuing to receive uninterrupted, high quality service from various third parties on whom we rely for all of our current and future products and developments. Any disruption or inefficiencies in the operations of these third parties may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

# **_15. Our inability to expand or effectively manage our distribution network may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We have the fastest-growing distribution network among all packaged food players in India with 5,566 distributors. Our distributors are located in 28 states and eight union territories throughout India, catering to over 1.6 million retail outlets as of March 31, 2021 ( _Source: Technopak Report_ ). In addition, as of March 31, 2021, our distributors had over 5,150 salesmen going shop-to-shop to service our customers on a regular basis. We had 85 depots, with an aggregate storage space of approximately 1.6 million square feet as of March 31, 2021, strategically located across the country to ensure availability of our products. As of March 31, 2021, our distributors operated over 4,200 delivery vehicles catering to retail outlets across the country. 

In addition to traditional retail distribution channels, we have been utilizing e-commerce platforms to market and distribute our products. We have launched an exclusive website “Fortune Foods” showcasing the entire basket of products available under the Fortune brand along with an option to shop through other prominent e-commerce platforms. We intend to develop our own e-commerce platforms to extend our product reach. In this regard, we have recently launched an online portal, Fortune Online, which is a one-stop-shop for all the products under the Fortune brand along with the mobile application Fortune Online. It showcases our entire range and caters to our loyal customers. We aim to expand our online reach from the 20 cities currently to 100 cities in the next few years. 

Our ability to expand and grow our product reach significantly depends on the reach and effective management of our distribution network. We continuously seek to increase the penetration of our products by appointing new distributors targeted at different customer groups and geographies. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully identify or appoint new distributors or effectively manage our existing distribution network. If the terms offered to such distributors by our competitors are more favourable than those offered by us, distributors may decline to distribute our products and terminate their arrangements with us. We may be unable to appoint replacement distributors in a timely fashion, or at all, which may reduce our sales volumes and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, our competitors may have exclusive arrangements with certain distributors who may be unable to stock and distribute our products, which may limit our ability to expand our distribution network. Similarly, our competitors may adopt innovative distribution models, which could be more effective than traditional distribution models resulting 

25 

in a reduction in the sales of our products. We may also face disruptions in the delivery of our products for various reasons beyond our control, including poor handling by distributors of our products, transportation bottlenecks, natural disasters and labour issues, which could lead to delayed or lost deliveries. In addition, failure to provide distributors with sufficient inventories of our products may result in a reduction in the sales of our products. If our distributors fail to distribute our products in a timely manner, or adhere to the terms of the distribution arrangement, or if our distribution arrangements are terminated, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

# **_16. If we pursue strategic acquisitions or joint ventures, we may not be able to successfully consummate favourable transactions or successfully integrate acquired businesses._** 

From time to time, we may evaluate potential acquisitions or joint ventures that would further our strategic objectives. For instance, our Company recently acquired 100% of the equity share capital in Adani Wilmar Pte. Ltd. on June 25, 2021 for a consideration of US$24.09 million. For details, see “ _Objects of the Issue – Details of the Objects – Funding strategic acquisitions and investments_ ” on page 80. However, we may not be able to identify suitable target assets or companies, consummate a transaction on terms that are favourable to us, or achieve the anticipated synergies, expected returns and other benefits as a result of integration challenges or anti-monopoly regulations. Companies or operations acquired or joint ventures created by us may not be profitable or may not achieve sales levels and profitability that justify the investments made. Our corporate development activities may entail financial and operational risks, including diversion of management attention from its existing core businesses, difficulty in integrating or separating personnel, financial, information technology and other systems, difficulty in retaining key employees, and negative impacts on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers. Future acquisitions could also result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities and increased operating expenses, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

# **_17. The deployment of the portion of the Net Proceeds towards our strategic acquisitions and investments may not take place within the period currently intended, and may be reduced or extended._** 

Our Company proposes to utilise ₹5,000 million from the Net Proceeds towards strategic acquisitions and investments as permitted under the Memorandum of Association, in particular, with a view to expand our food business through acquisition of entity, brand acquisition, purchase of assets/business or partnerships with third party staple food manufacturers. For further details, see “ _Objects of the Issue –Details of the Objects–Funding strategic acquisitions and investments_ ” on page 80. In the event the portion of the Net Proceeds to be utilised for the strategic acquisitions are insufficient, we may have to seek alternative sources of funding. 

While we intend to deploy the aforesaid portion of the Net Proceeds towards strategic acquisitions and investments over the next two financial years from listing of the Equity Shares pursuant to the Issue, and as described in the section titled “ _Objects of the Issue_ ” on page 67, the actual deployment of funds will depend on a number of factors, including the timing, nature, size, location, cost of acquisition and number of acquisitions undertaken, as well as general macro or microeconomic factors affecting our results of operation, financial condition and access to funds (debt or equity). Depending upon such factors, we may, subject to applicable law, have to reduce or extend the deployment period for the funding of strategic acquisitions and investments beyond the estimated two financial years, at the discretion of our management. Further, pending utilisation of the Net Proceeds, our Company will temporarily invest the Net Proceeds in deposits in one or more scheduled commercial banks included in the Second Schedule of RBI Act, as may be approved by our Board. We cannot assure you that the deployment of the aforesaid portion of the Net Proceeds towards strategic acquisitions and investments will take place within the two financial years from listing of Equity Shares, as currently intended. 

# **_18. If we are unable to introduce new products and respond to changing consumer preferences in a timely and effective manner, the demand for our products may decline, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. There is no guarantee that we will be successful in the new business segments that we plan to expand into._** 

The success of our business depends upon our ability to anticipate and identify changes in consumer preferences and offer products that consumers require. For example, consumers in the edible oil markets are becoming more health conscious and select cooking oils based on considerations other than price and taste. Additionally, such consumer preferences are influenced by a number of other factors beyond our control, such as the prices of alternative products and economic conditions. We constantly seek to develop our research and development (“ **R&D** ”) capabilities to distinguish ourselves from our competitors to enable us to introduce new products and different variant of our existing products, based on consumer preferences and demand. Although we seek to identify such trends and introduce new products, we recognise that customer tastes cannot be predicted with certainty and can change rapidly, and that there is no certainty that these will be commercially viable or effective or accepted by our customers or that we will be able to successfully compete in such new product segments. 

Before we can introduce a new product, we must successfully execute a number of steps, including successful R&D, obtaining required approvals and registrations, effective marketing strategies for our target customers, while scaling our vendor, production and infrastructure networks to increase or change the nature of our production capacity. We also depend on the successful introduction of new production and manufacturing processes to create innovative 

26 

products, achieve operational efficiencies and adapt to advances in, or obsolescence of our technology. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully make timely and cost-effective enhancements and additions to our technological infrastructure, keep up with technological improvements in order to meet our customers’ needs or that the technology developed by others will not render our products less competitive or attractive. Our failure to successfully adopt such technologies in a cost effective and a timely manner could increase our costs and lead to us being less competitive in terms of our prices or quality of products we sell. 

The development and commercialization process of a new product would require us to spend considerable time and money. Our ongoing investments in R&D for new products and processes may result in higher costs without a proportionate increase in revenues. Delays in any part of the process, our inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for our products or failure of a product to be successful at any stage could adversely affect our business. Consequently, any failure on our part to successfully introduce new products and processes may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations results and financial condition. While we have plans to expand into business segments such as ready-to-cook and personal care, there is no guarantee that we will be successful, and any failure on our part to successfully expand into new business segments may adversely affect our affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_19. Our inability to effectively manage our growth could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We have experienced a rapid growth. In the financial years 2019, 2020 and 2021, our total income was ₹289,196.81 million, ₹ 297,669.86 million and ₹ 371,956.58 million, respectively, our EBITDA was ₹ 12,534.57 million, ₹ 14,194.75 million and ₹ 14,305.59 million, respectively, and our net profit was ₹ 3,755.21 million, ₹ 4,608.72 million and ₹ 7,276.49 million, respectively. Our inability to manage our expansion effectively and execute our growth strategy in a timely manner, or within budget estimates or our inability to meet the expectations of our customers and other stakeholders could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We intend to continue expansion to pursue existing and potential market opportunities. In this regard, we plan to invest approximately ₹19,000 million from the Net Proceeds as capital expenditure for expanding our food manufacturing capacities across India. Further, we also propose to utilise approximately ₹5,000 million from the Net Proceeds for funding strategic acquisitions and investments. For details, see “ _Objects of the Issue – Details of the Objects_ ” on page 68. Our future prospects will depend on our ability to grow our business and operations, which could be affected by many factors, including our ability to introduce new products and maintain the quality of our products, general political and economic conditions in India, government policies or strategies in respect of specific industries, prevailing interest rates, price of equipment and raw materials, energy supply and currency exchange rates. 

In order to manage our growth effectively, we must implement, upgrade and improve our operational systems, procedures and internal controls on a timely basis. If we fail to implement these systems, procedures and controls on a timely basis, or if there are weaknesses in our internal controls that would result in inconsistent internal standard operating procedures, we may not be able to meet our customers’ needs, hire and retain new employees or operate our business effectively. Moreover, our ability to sustain our rate of growth depends significantly upon our ability to select and retain key managerial personnel, maintaining effective risk management policies and training managerial personnel to address emerging challenges. 

We cannot assure you that our existing or future management, operational and financial systems, procedures and controls will be adequate to support future operations or establish or develop business relationships beneficial to future operations. Failure to manage growth effectively could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

# **_20. Our inability to accurately forecast demand or price for our products and manage our inventory may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our businesses depend on our estimate of the demand for our products from customers. If we underestimate demand or have inadequate capacity due to which we are unable to meet the demand for our products, we may manufacture fewer quantities of products than required, which could result in the loss of business. While we forecast the demand and price for our products and accordingly plan our production volumes, any error in our forecast could result in a reduction in our profit margins and surplus stock, which may result in additional storage cost and such surplus stock may not be sold in a timely manner, or at all. At times when we have overestimated demand, we may have incurred costs to build capacity or purchased more raw materials and manufactured more products than required. In addition, certain of our products have a shelf life of a specified period and if not sold prior to expiry, may lead to losses or if consumed after expiry, may lead to health hazards. Our inability to accurately forecast demand for our products and manage our inventory may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_21. Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds are based on management estimates and a report from L&T Technology Services Limited and may be subject to change based on various factors, some of which are beyond our control._** 

Our funding requirements and deployment of the Net Proceeds are based on internal management estimates and a report from L&T Technology Services Limited dated July 30, 2021, based on assumptions, current market conditions 

27 

and our business plan. Our funding requirements may be subject to change based on various factors such as our financial and market condition, business and strategy, competition, negotiation with vendors, variation in cost estimates on account of factors, including changes in design or configuration of the manufacturing unit, incremental pre-operative expenses and other external factors such as changes in the business environment and interest or exchange rate fluctuations, which may not be within the control of our management. We operate in a highly competitive and dynamic industry and may have to revise our estimates from time to time on account of changes in external circumstances or costs, or changes in other financial conditions, business or strategy. This may entail rescheduling, revising or cancelling planned expenditure and funding requirements at our discretion. For details, see “ _Objects of the Issue_ ” beginning on page 67. 

# **_22. We intend to utilise a portion of the Net Proceeds for funding our capital expenditure requirements and for purchase of certain plant and machinery. We are yet to place orders for such capital expenditure and purchase of plant and machinery. Further, our proposed capacity expansion plans relating to our manufacturing facilities are subject to the risk of unanticipated delays in implementation and cost overruns._** 

We intend to utilise a portion of the Net Proceeds for funding capital expenditure for expansion of our existing manufacturing units and setting up new manufacturing units. For details, see “ _Objects of the Issue_ ” on page 67. While we have obtained quotations from various vendors in relation to the plant and machinery required for funding such capital expenditure, we are yet to place orders for such plant and machinery. Accordingly, orders worth ₹8,273.98 million, which constitutes approximately 100% of the total estimated costs in relation to the purchase of plant and machinery (including expenditure for charges such as erection or services, loading or unloading), are yet to be placed. There can be no assurance that we will be able to place orders for such plant and machinery, in a timely manner or at all. Further, the costs of such plant and machinery may escalate or vary based on external factors which may not be in our control. Additionally, in the event of any delay in placement of such orders, the proposed schedule implementation and deployment of the Net Proceeds may be extended or may vary accordingly. 

Our capital expenditure plans remain subject to the potential problems and uncertainties that construction activities face including cost overruns or delays. Problems that could adversely affect our expansion plans include labour shortages, increased costs of equipment or manpower, inadequate performance of the equipment and machinery installed in our manufacturing facilities, delays in completion, defects in design or construction, the possibility of unanticipated future regulatory restrictions, delays in receiving governmental, statutory and other regulatory approvals, incremental pre-operating expenses, taxes and duties, interest and finance charges, working capital margin, environment and ecology costs and other external factors which may not be within the control of our management. For further details in relation to the pending approvals in relation to the capital expenditure for expansion of our existing manufacturing units and developing new manufacturing units, see “ _Objects of the Issue – Details of the Objects – I. Capital Expenditure – Government approvals_ ” on page 77. There can be no assurance that the proposed capacity additions and expansions will be completed as planned or on schedule, and if they are not completed in a timely manner, or at all, our budgeted costs may be insufficient to meet our proposed capital expenditure requirements. If our actual capital expenditures significantly exceed our budgets, or even if our budgets were sufficient to cover such activities, we may not be able to achieve the intended economic benefits of such capital expenditure, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete the aforementioned expansion and additions in accordance with the proposed schedule of implementation and any delay could have an adverse impact on our growth, prospects, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_23. A portion of the Net Proceeds may be utilized for repayment or pre-payment of loans taken from HDFC Bank Limited which is one of our BRLMs._** 

We propose to repay loans from the Net Proceeds as disclosed in “ _Objects of the Issue_ ” on page 67, including loans obtained from HDFC Bank Limited which is one of our Book Running Lead Managers. Loans and facilities sanctioned to our Company by HDFC Bank Limited is a part of its normal commercial lending activity and we do not believe that there is any conflict of interest under the SEBI Merchant Bankers Regulations, or any other applicable SEBI rules or regulations. For details, see “Objects of the Issue” on page 67. 

# **_24. A shortage or non-availability of electricity, fuel or water may adversely affect our manufacturing operations and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our manufacturing operations require a significant amount and continuous supply of electricity, fuel and water and any shortage or non-availability may adversely affect our operations. The production process of certain products, as well as the storage of certain raw materials and products in temperature controlled environments requires significant power. We currently source our water requirements from state and municipal corporations and local body water supply, canals, bore wells and water tankers and depend on state electricity boards and private suppliers for our energy requirements. Although we have diesel generators to meet exigencies at certain of our units, we cannot assure you that our units will be operational during power failures. Any failure on our part to obtain alternate sources of electricity, fuel or water, in a timely fashion, and at an acceptable cost, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

28 

# **_25. Our Company, our Directors, our Promoters and Subsidiaries are involved in certain legal proceedings. Any adverse decision in such proceedings may render us/them liable to liabilities/penalties and may adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our Company, our Directors, our Promoters and Subsidiaries are currently involved in certain legal proceedings. These legal proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts and tribunals. The summary of outstanding litigation in relation to criminal matters, direct tax matters, indirect tax matters, actions by regulatory/ statutory authorities and matters above the materiality threshold against our Company, our Directors, Promoters and Subsidiaries have been set out below. 

_Litigation involving our Company_ 

|**S. No.**|**Nature of Case**|**Number of outstanding**<br>**cases**|**Amount involved**<br>**(in**₹**million)**|
|---|---|---|---|
|**_Litigat_**|**_ion against our Company_**|||
|1.|Criminal matters|2|-|
|2.|Actions by regulatory/statutory authorities|151|-|
|3.|Civil matters above the materiality threshold of ₹ 72.77<br>million|1|100.00|
|4.|Civil matters below the materiality threshold of ₹ 72.77<br>millionbut otherwise deemedmaterial|1|10.00|
|5.|Civil matters that are non-quantifiable but otherwise deemed<br>material|3|-|
|6.|Direct tax|5|71.53|
|7.|Indirect Tax|25|667.18|
|**_Litigat_**|**_ion by our Company_**|||
|1.|Criminal matters|19|-|
|2.|Civil matters that are non-quantifiable but otherwise deemed<br>material|3|-|
|3.|Direct tax|6|23.93|
|4.|Indirect tax|58|4,503.14|



_Note: The amounts indicated above are approximate amounts and have been disclosed to the extent ascertainable._ 

_Litigation involving our Directors_ 

|**S. No.**|<br>**Nature of Case**|**Number of outstanding**<br>**cases**|**Amount involved**<br>**(in**₹**million)**|
|---|---|---|---|
|**_Litigat_**|**_ion against our Directors_**|||
|1.|Criminal matters|5|-|
|2.|Indirect Tax|1|376.39|



_Note: The amounts indicated above are approximate amounts and have been disclosed to the extent ascertainable._ 

_Litigation involving our Promoters_ 

|**S. No.**|**Nature of Case**|**Number of outstanding**<br>**cases**|**Amount involved**<br>**(in**₹**million)**|
|---|---|---|---|
|**_Litigat_**|**_ion against our Promoters_**|||
|1.|Criminal matters|3|-|
|2.|Actions by regulatory/statutory authorities|1|50.00|
|3.|Direct tax|26|1,476.27|
|4.|IndirectTax|28|2,667.47*|
|**_Litigat_**|**_ion by our Promoters_**|||
|1.|Criminal matters|1|-|
|2.|Civil matters above the materiality threshold of ₹ 261.44<br>million|7|93,950.72**|
|3.|Civil matters that are non-quantifiable but otherwise deemed<br>material|1|-|
|4.|Direct tax|9|122.36|
|5.|IndirectTax|71|10,362.98***|



_Note: The amounts indicated above are approximate amounts and have been disclosed to the extent ascertainable._ 

_* This includes the ₹ 778.94 million deposited by AEL with the relevant tax authorities._ 

_** This includes a counter claim of ₹ 510.00 million made by West Bengal Power Development Corporation Limited and a demand of ₹ 78,548 million made by Mahaguj Collieries Limited. For details, see “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation involving our Promoters – Litigation by Promoters – Civil litigation” on page 298._ 

_*** This includes the ₹ 4,103.19 million deposited by AEL with the relevant tax authorities._ 

_Litigation involving our Subsidiaries_ 

|**S. No.**<br>**Nature of Case**|**Number of outstanding**|**Amount involved**|
|---|---|---|
||**cases**|**(in**₹**million)**|
|**_Litigation by our Subsidiaries_**|||



29 

|**S. No.**||**Nature of Case**|**Number of outstanding**<br>**cases**|**Amount involved**<br>**(in**₹**million)**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|1.|Direct tax||8|152.63*|
|2.|IndirectTax||27|76.74**|



_Note: The amounts indicated above are approximate amounts and have been disclosed to the extent ascertainable._ 

_*This includes claims amounting to BDT 177.48 million in direct tax matters involving Bangladesh Edible Oil and Shun Shing at the exchange rate of ₹ 0.86 per BDT as on March 31, 2021. **This includes claims amounting to BDT 75.74 million in indirect tax matters involving Bangladesh Edible Oil at the exchange rate of ₹ 0.86 per BDT as on March 31, 2021._ 

For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 290. Decisions in any of the aforesaid proceedings adverse to our interests may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. If the courts or tribunals rule against us or our Company, our Directors, Promoters and Subsidiaries, we may face monetary and/or reputational losses and may have to make provisions in our financial statements, which could increase our expenses and our liabilities. 

# **_26. Non-compliance with and changes in, safety, health and environmental laws and other applicable regulations, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are subject to a broad range of safety, health, environmental, labour, workplace and related laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, which impose controls on the disposal and storage of raw materials, noise emissions, air and water discharges; on the storage, handling, discharge and disposal of chemicals, employee exposure to hazardous substances and other aspects of our operations. For example, laws in India limit the amount of hazardous and pollutant discharge that our manufacturing units may release into the air and water. The discharge of substances that are chemical in nature or of other hazardous substances into the air, soil or water beyond these limits may cause us to be liable to regulatory bodies and incur costs to remedy the damage caused by such discharges. This may subject us to future litigation initiated by regulators or the residents of the areas surrounding our units. For instance, a complaint has been filed against our unit at Krishnapatnam and other surrounding units alleging pollution of the local air and water by such units. The matter is currently pending before National Green Tribunal, Southern Zone. For details see, “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ – _Litigation involving our Company_ ” on page 290. Further, any accidents at our facilities may result in personal injury or loss of life of our employees, contract laborers or other people, substantial damage to or destruction of property and equipment resulting in the suspension of operations. Any of the foregoing could subject us to litigation, which may increase our expenses in the event we are found liable, and could adversely affect our reputation. Additionally, the government or the relevant regulatory bodies may require us to shut down our units, which in turn could lead to product shortages that delay or prevent us from fulfilling our obligations to customers. For instance, one of our units at our plant at Haldia was closed for a short period pursuant to a closure order dated March 2, 2021 issued by the West Bengal Pollution Control Board and such closure was suspended subject to our Company making payment of ₹ 1 million as environmental compensation, submission of a performance bank guarantee of ₹ 2 million and adherence with environmental norms in respect of stack emission/effluent discharge standards. The closure order was suspended with effect from March 22, 2021 and the unit has since resumed operations. 

The adoption of stricter health and safety laws and regulations, stricter interpretations of existing laws, increased governmental enforcement of laws or other developments in the future may require that we make additional capital expenditures, incur additional expenses or take other actions in order to remain compliant and maintain our current operations. Complying with, and changes in, these laws and regulations or terms of approval may increase our compliance costs and adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

We are also subject to the laws and regulations governing relationships with employees in such areas as minimum wage and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and termination of employees, contract labour and work permits. There is a risk that we may inadvertently fail to comply with such regulations, which could lead to enforced shutdowns and other sanctions imposed by the relevant authorities, as well as the withholding or delay in receipt of regulatory approvals for our new products. We cannot assure that we will not be involved in future litigation or other proceedings, or be held liable in any litigation or proceedings including in relation to safety, health and environmental matters, the costs of which may be significant. For instance, we are presently involved in a pending matter before the National Green Tribunal’s Chennai Bench relating to a complaint against us alleging water and air pollution by our Krishnapatnam unit. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 290. 

# **_27. We are subject to extensive government regulation and if we fail to obtain, maintain or renew our statutory and regulatory licenses, permits and approvals required to operate our business, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

Our operations are subject to extensive government regulation and we are required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory permits, certificates and approvals under central, state and local government rules in India, including approvals under the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006 (the “ **FSSA** ”), Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974, environmental related approvals, Legal  Metrology Act, 2006, factory licenses and labour and tax related approvals, generally for carrying out our business and for each of our manufacturing units. For instance, 

30 

the provisions of the FSSA along with relevant rules and regulations are applicable to us and our products, which sets forth requirements relating to the license and registration of food businesses and general principles for food safety standards, and manufacture, storage and distribution of food products. Contravention of the requirement to obtain a license or carrying a business without obtaining a license under the FSSA is punishable with imprisonment for a period of up to six months and fines. Subsequent contraventions are punishable with twice the punishment during the first conviction and higher monetary and other penalties including cancellation of license. As we also export certain of our products overseas, we are also required to comply with international rules and regulations in respect of such exports. To remain compliant with all laws and regulations that apply to our operations and products, we may be required in the future to modify our operations or make capital improvements. For details, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 150. Further, for details of approvals relating to our business and operations, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 305. 

A majority of these approvals are granted for a limited duration. Some of these approvals have expired or are about to expire and we have either made or are in the process of making an application for obtaining the approval or its renewal, including applications for (a) approval of no-objection certificates of fire and emergency for our Mangalore and Nimrani facilities and (b) renewal of consent to operate for our Shujalpur facility and boiler certificate for our Kakinada-II facility. While we have applied for some of these approvals, we cannot assure you that such approvals will be issued or granted to us in a timely manner, or at all. For details of pending approvals, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 305. Further, some of the approvals in relation to certain of our facilities which were acquired from other parties are in the name of the previous owners and such approvals will be transferred in our name at the time of renewal of such approvals. For instance, the information entrepreneur memorandum for the Haldia plant (Unit-II) is in the name of Gokul Refoils and Solvents Limited (from whom we had acquired the plant), and the license for storage of hydrogen gas for our Nellore plant (Unit-II) is in the name of Louis Dreyfus Commodities India Private Limited, from whom we acquired the plant. If we do not receive such approvals or are not able to renew the approvals in a timely manner, our business and operations may be adversely affected. Further, the relevant authorities may initiate penal action against us, restrain our operations, impose fines/penalties or initiate legal proceedings for our inability to renew/obtain approvals in a timely manner or at all. 

The approvals required by us are subject to numerous conditions and we cannot assure you that these would not be suspended or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business. 

We engage various contractors at our manufacturing facilities. We cannot assure you that the contractors operating our manufacturing facilities will be able to obtain and maintain relevant approvals for continuous operations of such facilities. Failure of the contractors to maintain requisite government approvals may lead to a disruption at our manufacturing facilities and consequently in the production and supply of our products and may adversely affect our results of operations. 

# **_28. Our Company may inadvertently deliver genetically modified organisms (“GMOs”) to those customers that request GMO-free products._** 

Adverse publicity about genetically modified food has led to governmental regulation that limits or prevents sales of GMO products in some of the markets in which our Company sells its products. It is possible that new restrictions on GMO products will be imposed in major markets for the Company’s products or that the Company’s customers will decide to purchase lower levels of GMO products or not to buy GMO products. 

At present, the only raw material which we use which is derived from GMOs is imported soya oil. However, we understand that the genetically-modified elements that remain in the oil are negligible and may not be able to be detected. We may not always be able to verify all aspects of how and where the raw materials that we source are produced and under what conditions they are so produced and it is therefore possible that we may inadvertently deliver products that contain GMOs to those customers that request GMO-free products. As a result, we could lose customers and may incur liability. We may also incur significant expenses related to upgrading procedures and facilities to detect GMO-derived materials and/or produce products which are completely GMO-free. GMO products that have not received regulatory approval may also enter the food chain. If we encounter incidents of this type, they can be costly and time-consuming to rectify, may damage our reputation and may subject us to litigation. If regulators in the countries that restrict or prohibit the sale of GMO products or customers who request GMO-free products do not have confidence in our products, we could lose customers and could be prohibited from selling our product in those countries, which could, in turn, affect our business, results of operations and/or financial condition. 

31 

# **_29. Our operations are subject to various hazards and could expose us to the risk of liabilities, loss of revenue and increased expenses._** 

Our operations are subject to various hazards associated with the production of chemical and other products, such as the use, handling, processing, storage and transportation of hazardous materials, as well as accidents such as leakage or spillages of chemicals. For example, our Company uses certain chemicals for refining, which may be hazardous to the environment and may lead to damage of assets, stock, premises, and loss of human lives. Any mishandling of hazardous chemical and poisonous substances could also lead to fatal accidents. In addition, our employees operate heavy machinery at our manufacturing facilities and accidents may occur while operating such machinery. Further, the processing of oil, inside a boiler, involves dealing with high temperatures and is an extremely hazardous process. These hazards can cause personal injury and loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property and equipment, environmental damage and may result in the suspension of operations and the imposition of civil and criminal liabilities. Additionally, as a result of past or future operations, claims of injury by employees or members of the public due to exposure, or alleged exposure, to the hazardous materials involved in our business may arise. 

Liabilities incurred as a result of these events have the potential to adversely impact our financial position. Events like these could result in liabilities, or adversely affect our reputation with suppliers, customers, regulators, employees and the public, which could in turn affect our financial condition and business performance. While we maintain general insurance against these liabilities, insurance proceeds may not be adequate to fully cover the substantial liabilities, lost revenues or increased expenses that we might incur. 

# **_30. We are subject to business risks inherent to the palm oil and soy oil industries that may adversely affect our business._** 

Palm oil and soy oil products constitute a significant portion of our edible oil product offerings and we are subject to risks inherent to the oil palm and soy oil industries, including, but not limited to, outbreaks of diseases, damage from pests, fire or other natural disasters, unscheduled interruptions in fresh fruit bunch processing, spills from product carriers or storage tanks and adverse climate conditions. This may adversely affect the availability and prices of unrefined palm oil and soy oil which we use as raw materials for our operations, which may negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our ability to mitigate these risks depends on various factors, including our ability to keep abreast of the latest technologies related to planting materials, disease prevention, oil palm and soy oil operations and other developments in the industry, as well as our ability to effectively implement strategies for farmer education. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully mitigate the various risks of the oil palm and the soy oil industries or that we will be successful in implementing our strategies to grow our oil palm and soy oil businesses. 

Additionally, the demand for palm oil and soy oil products has in the past and may in the future be affected by campaigns brought by non-governmental organizations (“ **NGOs** ”). These NGOs have raised concerns that palm oil and soy oil farms result in illegal deforestation and the destruction of large areas of tropical forests and wildlife habitats, and have campaigned to promote sustainable palm oil and soy oil cultivation and environmentally friendly practices on palm oil and soy oil farms. More recently, these NGOs have also raised allegations about illegitimate social activities such as human rights abuse and the displacement of indigenous communities in relation to palm oil and soy oil operations. If such environment campaigns or allegations result in a reduction in the demand for palm oil and soy oil products, or change in government or regulatory policy, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

# **_31. Negative publicity relating to celebrities who endorse our products and brands may adversely affect our reputation and negatively impact our business._** 

As some of our products and brands are endorsed by celebrities, any negative publicity affecting celebrities who have endorsed our products and/or brands may impair our reputation and adversely affect our business. For example, as we had featured a celebrity on advertisements of our Fortune Rice Bran cooking oil which we have marketed as being a healthier choice for the heart, the recent heart attack suffered by the said celebrity in early January 2021 has drawn a degree of negative publicity relating to our Fortune Rice Bran cooking oil. Our branding and marketing initiatives may therefore be diluted by any negative publicity concerning celebrities who have endorsed our products and/or brands, and this may adversely affect our business and prospects. 

# **_32. Our inability to protect or use our intellectual property rights may adversely affect our business._** 

We consider our brands and intellectual property to be one of our most valuable assets and we have several trademarks registered in India and abroad. We also rely on unpatented proprietary know-how, continuing technological innovation and other trade secrets to develop and maintain our competitive position. While we have applied for trademark registration for certain of our products, some of which are currently pending (such as our pending trademark registrations for ‘Fortune Soya Granules’, ‘Fortune Soya Chunkies Mexican Salsa’ and ‘Fortune Mini Soyachunks’), we have not applied for such protection for some of our other products. If we are unable to register our trademarks for various reasons including our inability to remove objections to our trademark applications, or if any of our unregistered trademarks are registered in favour of or used by a third party, we may not be able to claim registered ownership of 

32 

such trademarks and consequently, we may not be able to seek remedies for infringement of those trademarks by third parties other than relief against passing off by other entities, causing damage to our business prospects, reputation and goodwill. 

The measures we take to protect our intellectual property include relying on Indian and foreign laws and initiating legal proceedings, which may not be adequate to prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties. Notwithstanding the precautions we take to protect our intellectual property rights, it is possible that third parties may copy or otherwise infringe on our rights, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

While we take care to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of others, we cannot determine with certainty whether we are infringing any existing third-party intellectual property rights, which may force us to alter our offerings. For instance, our trademark applications for ‘Fortune Basmati Rice’ and ‘Fortune Pulses’ in trademark class 30 have been opposed, and our requests for amendment of the said applications are presently pending. We may also be susceptible to claims from third parties asserting infringement and other related claims. For instance, we have received notices for alleged infringement of the trademarks “Rozana” and “Everyday” in the past. If similar claims are raised in the future, these claims could result in costly litigation, divert management’s attention and resources, subject us to significant liabilities and require us to enter into potentially expensive royalty or licensing agreements or to cease certain offerings. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_33. We are dependent on the strength of our brand and reputation, as well as the brand and reputation of our Promoters and other Adani group and Wilmar group entities._** 

Our revenue, results of operation, business and prospects are, to a certain extent, dependent on the strength of our brand and reputation, as well as the brand and reputation of our Promoters and other Adani group and Wilmar group entities. While we have a well-recognised brand, we may be vulnerable to adverse market and customer perception, particularly in an industry where integrity, trust and customer confidence are paramount. We are exposed to the risk that litigation, misconduct, operational failure, adverse publicity (including through social media) or press speculation could adversely affect our brand and reputation. Our reputation could also be affected if our products or services do not perform as expected, whether or not the expectations are founded. In addition, our reputation could be affected by the conduct or performance of third parties over which we have no control, such as other entities that are part of the Adani group and Wilmar group. For details, see “ _– 10. Certain companies within the Adani group (including certain members of our Promoters, Promoter Group and Group Companies) are involved in various legal, regulatory and other proceedings which could have an adverse impact on our business and reputation.”_ on page 23. We are permitted to use word mark, business name, logo and domain name ‘‘Adani’ thereof by S.B. Adani Family Trust (“ **SBAFT** ”) under the terms of a license agreement dated July 28, 2021 (“ **License Agreement** ”). SBAFT has the right to terminate the License Agreement upon occurrence of certain events including material change in the ownership of our Company, termination of the SHA and if our Company becomes subject to insolvency. We have also entered into a trademark license deed dated June 24, 2021 (“ **License Deed** ”) with Wilmar International Limited pursuant to which our Company has been granted a non-transferable and non-exclusive right and license to use word marks, trade logos and domain name ‘Wilmar’ as part of its corporate name and trade name in India on the terms stated in the Licence Deed. The License Deed can be terminated _inter alia_ if the shareholding (direct or indirect) of Wilmar International Limited falls below 10% of the total issued equity capital of our Company or if our Company is convicted of any criminal offence. We may also be exposed to adverse publicity relating to the investment industry as a whole. An incident related to us, or the conduct of a competitor unrelated to us may taint the reputation of the industry as a whole and may affect the perception of customers and the attitude of market regulators. Further, adverse publicity may result in greater regulatory scrutiny of our operations and of the industry generally. If we are unable to maintain our brand name and our reputation, or there is reputational harm to other Adani or Wilmar group entities, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

# **_34. Certain members of our Promoter Group, Directors and related entities have interests in certain companies, which are in businesses similar to ours and this may result in potential conflicts of interest with us._** 

A conflict of interest may occur between our business and the business of our Promoter Group companies which could have an adverse effect on our operations. Conflicts of interest may also arise out of common business objectives shared by us, our Promoter Group, Directors and their related entities. Our Promoter Group, Directors, their related entities and our Group Companies may compete with us and have no obligation to direct any opportunities to us. For example, Shree Renuka Sugars Limited, our Group Company, and Wilmar International Limited, one of our Promoter Group entities, are engaged in a business similar to ours. Further, our Non-Executive Chairman, Kuok Khoon Hong, has directorship in Shree Renuka Sugars Limited and Wilmar International Limited as well. While we will adopt necessary procedures and practices as permitted by law to address any instances of conflict of interest, if and when they may arise, we cannot assure you that these or other conflicts of interest will be resolved in an impartial manner. 

33 

# **_35. Low utilization of crushing plant operations due to low domestic production of seeds and better pricing parity for importation of unrefined edible oil may lead to cost inefficiencies._** 

Our crushing plant operations have been under-utilized as a result of low domestic production of seeds and better pricing parity for importation of unrefined oil. Consequently, we are presently unable to fully maximize the utility of our production units, and we are expending more costs to maintain our production capabilities than may currently be necessary. While we seek to achieve greater cost efficiency in our operations, we cannot assure you that we will always be successful in doing so, and any failure on our part in doing so may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_36. We are subject to counterfeit, cloned and pass-off products, which may reduce our sales and harm the reputation and goodwill of our brands._** 

We are subject to counterfeit, cloned and pass-off products in our businesses. Counterfeit and cloned products are products manufactured and sold illegally as legitimate products, whereas pass-off products are manufactured and packaged to resemble legitimate products. In the past few years, advances in technology have contributed to the ease at which legitimate products can be counterfeited. We have, over the past few years, taken action in respect of numerous instances involving the sale of counterfeits of our products. The sale of counterfeit, cloned and pass-off products may lead to lower sales for our businesses. In addition, such products may be harmful to consumers or may be less effective than genuine products, which could harm our brands and reputation. The proliferation of unauthorized copies of our products, and the time in pursuing claims and complaints about spurious products could have an adverse effect on our reputation and our business. 

# **_37._** 

# **_Any failure of our information technology systems could adversely affect our business and our operations._** 

We have information technology systems which are run within our Company as well as by third party information technology service providers that support our business processes, including product formulas, product development, sales, order processing, production, procurement, inventory management, quality control, product costing, human resources, distribution and finance. These systems may be susceptible to outages due to fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, natural disasters, break-ins and similar events. In such situations, our business processes, such as order processing, inventory management and procurement, amongst others, may be disrupted. Effective response to such disruptions will require effort and diligence on the part of our third-party vendors and employees to avoid any adverse effect to our information technology systems. In addition, our systems and proprietary data stored electronically may be vulnerable to computer viruses, cybercrime, computer hacking and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering. If such unauthorized use of our systems were to occur, data related to our product formulas, product development and other proprietary information could be compromised. While we have not experienced any disruptions to our information technology systems in the past, we cannot assure you that we will not encounter disruptions in the future. The occurrence of any such events could adversely affect our business, interrupt our operations, subject us to increased operating costs and expose us to litigation. 

# **_38. Competition in the industries in which we operate could result in a reduction in our market share or require us to incur substantial expenditure on advertising and marketing, either of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial conditions._** 

The industries in which we operate are intensely competitive. We compete with several regional and local companies, as well as large multi-national companies that are larger and have substantially greater resources than we do, including the ability to spend more on advertising and marketing. Due to low entry barriers, we also face competition from new entrants, especially at rural and semi-rural areas, who may have more flexibility in responding to changing business and economic conditions. Competition in our businesses can be based on, among other things, pricing, innovation, perceived value, brand recognition, promotional activities, advertising, special events, new product introductions and other activities. It is difficult for us to predict the timing and scale of our competitors’ actions in these areas. We expect competition to continue to be intense as our existing competitors expand their operations and introduce new products. Our failure to compete effectively, including any delay in responding to changes in the industry and market, together with increased spending on advertising, may affect the competitiveness of our products, which may result in a decline in our revenues and profitability. 

Our edible oil business faces significant competition from several edible oil manufacturers in India, including Ruchi Soya Industries Limited, Kaleesuwari Refinery Private Limited and Emami Agrotech Limited, and they may therefore make it more difficult for us to grow our market share in the edible oil business. 

Our food and FMCG business faces significant competition from other market players such as Ruchi Soya Industries Limited. and ITC Limited. In particular, for soya chunks and value added products, Ruchi Soya Industries Limited’s Nutrela brand is our primary competitor. For wheat flour products, ITC Limited is our main competitor as it is the largest player in the wheat flour products market in India. For rice products, big brands such as Daawat (LT Foods Limited), India Gate (KRBL Limited) and Kohinoor (McCormmick & Co. Inc.) are our key competitors. 

34 

Additionally, the Indian edible oil/food market is historically dominated by the unorganised sector comprising of traditional vendors, as well as smaller regional players, all of whom pose competition to our business as we expect to shift towards focusing on branded packaged edible oil and food products as a key growth driver for us. 

Further, our industry essentials business also faces significant competition from other market players. For instance, Jayant Agro Group, Gokul Agro Group and N.K. Proteins Private Limited are our main competitors for castor oil products. VVF Limited, Godrej Industries Limited, Jocil Limited, Mohini Organics Private Limited, Fairchem Chemicals Limited and Gokul Agro Resources Limited are our key competitors for oleochemicals products, with nearly all of them (with the exception of Godrej Industries Limited) also looking to enter the downstream oleochemical products market which we are also planning to enter. 

Some of our competitors may be larger than us, or develop alliances to compete against us, have more financial and other resources and have products with greater brand recognition than ours. Our competitors in certain regions may also have better access or exclusive arrangements to procure raw materials required in our operations and may procure them at lower costs than us, and consequently be able to sell their products at lower prices. Some of our international competitors may be able to capitalize on their overseas experience to compete in the Indian market. As a result, we cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against our existing or potential competitors or that our business and results of operations will not be adversely affected by increased competition. 

# **_39. Our inability to meet our obligations, including financial and other covenants under our debt financing arrangements could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

As of May 31, 2021, we had total outstanding borrowings of ₹82,264.22 million. Our ability to meet our debt service obligations and repay our outstanding borrowings will depend primarily on the cash generated by our business. Our financing agreements contain certain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to undertake certain types of transactions, including any change in general nature of business, accessing capital markets or change in ownership, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. For details, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 265. 

In addition, certain of our borrowings require us to maintain certain financial ratios and certain other information covenants, which are tested at times typically on a quarterly, half yearly or annual basis. In the event we breach any financial or other covenants contained in any of our financing arrangements or in the event we had breached any terms in the past which is noticed in the future, we may be required to immediately repay our borrowings either in whole or in part, together with any related costs. 

We may also be forced to sell some or all of our assets if we do not have sufficient cash or credit facilities to make repayments. Some of our financing arrangements may become due for renewal and we cannot guarantee that the facilities availed under such arrangements will be renewed on the previously agreed terms and conditions, or conditions which are not more onerous on us. Further, under certain of our existing financing arrangements, we are required to obtain prior consent from our lenders for, _inter alia_ , change in constitutional documents, change in the shareholding pattern of the Company, change in composition of the management or our Board of Directors and dilution of the shareholding of the existing shareholders or undertake any new project or expansion. Our failure to meet our obligations under the debt financing agreements could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_40. Our Company has availed certain secured and unsecured non-fund based facilities that are recallable by the lenders at any time._** 

Our Company has availed certain secured and unsecured non-fund based facilities that are recallable on demand by the lenders. In such cases, the lender is empowered to require repayment of the facility at any point in time during the tenor. In case the loan is recalled on demand by the lender and our Company is unable to repay the outstanding amounts under the facility at that point, it would constitute an event of default under the respective loan agreements. As on May 31, 2021, the total amount of non-fund based facilities availed and outstanding by our Company was ₹69,609.95 million and out of which, the total amount of unsecured non-fund based facilities availed and outstanding is ₹4,090.05 million. For more details, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 265. As a result, any such demand may affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_41. Our financing agreements entail interest at variable rates and any increases in interest rates may adversely affect our results of operations._** 

We are susceptible to changes in interest rates and the risks arising therefrom. Certain of our financing agreements provide for interest at variable rates with a provision for the periodic resetting of interest rates. Further, under certain of our financing agreements, the applicable rate of interest is subject to annual change, which is a combination of a base rate that depends upon the policies of the RBI and a contractually agreed spread, and in the event of a change in our Company’s credit rating. See the section “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 265 for a description of interest payable under our financing agreements. As such, any increase in interest rates may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

35 

# **_42. We may be unable to grow our business in semi urban and rural markets, which may adversely affect our business prospects and results of operations_** 

While we currently have a structured pan-India distribution network to cater to our retail and institutional customers, we constantly seek to grow our product reach to new geographies. We intend to increase our penetration in rural and semi-rural areas by launching our masstige brands, since we believe that these markets offer a significant growth opportunity for us. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to grow our business in these markets. Poor infrastructure and logistical challenges in these regions may prevent us from expanding our presence in these regions, or increasing the penetration of our products. Further, retail consumers in these regions are typically price conscious and we may be unable to compete effectively with the products of our competitors. Also, general disposable income levels may not continue to rise as anticipated by us, which may lead to a decline in the sales of our products. If we are unable to grow our business in semi urban and rural markets effectively, our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

# **_43. If we are unable to raise additional capital, our business prospects could be adversely affected._** 

We intend to fund our expansion plans through our cash on hand, cash flow from operations and from the Net Proceeds. For details, see “ _Objects of the Issue_ ” on page 67. We will continue to incur significant expenditure in maintaining and growing our existing infrastructure. We cannot assure you that we will have sufficient capital resources for our current operations or any future expansion plans that we may have. While we expect our cash on hand and cash flow from operations to be adequate to fund our existing commitments, our ability to incur any future borrowings is dependent upon the success of our operations. Additionally, the inability to obtain sufficient financing could adversely affect our ability to complete expansion plans. Our ability to arrange financing and the costs of capital of such financing are dependent on numerous factors, including general economic and capital market conditions, credit availability from banks, investor confidence, the continued success of our operations and other laws that are conducive to our raising capital in this manner. If we decide to meet our capital requirements through debt financing, we may be subject to certain restrictive covenants. If we are unable to raise adequate capital in a timely manner and on acceptable terms, or at all, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

# **_44. Even if we are able to raise adequate capital to maintain and grow our infrastructure, we may not be able to maximise returns from our capital expenditure._** 

Even if we are able to raise adequate capital to fund our capital expenditure in maintaining and growing our existing infrastructure, we cannot assure you that we will be able to maximise the utility and profitability of any new infrastructure, such as new manufacturing units, that we invest in. This may occur for various reasons, including that there may be better price parity in importing the relevant raw materials and there may be inadequate supplies of raw materials to keep a manufacturing facility fully utilized throughout the year. For example, not all of our existing soybean crushing units are operational and, even if operational, we do not operate these units throughout the year as we enjoy better price parity from the importation of unrefined soybean oil, and also due to the unavailability of adequate raw material to keep all of our soybean crushing units operating at full capacity throughout the entire year. Such a situation may occur in respect any new infrastructure that we invest in, and we may therefore not be able to fully maximise returns from our capital expenditure. 

# **_45. Some of our business operations are being conducted on leased premises. Our inability to seek renewal or extension of such leases may materially affect our business operations._** 

While most of our manufacturing units are located on freehold property, some of our business operations are being conducted on premises leased from various third parties on a long-term basis, including certain of the land on which we propose to undertake capital expenditure. For details, see “ _Objects of the Issue_ ” on page 67. We may also enter into such transactions with third parties in the future. Any adverse impact on the title, ownership rights, development rights of the owners from whose premises we operate, breach of the contractual terms of any lease, leave and license agreements, or any inability to renew such agreements on acceptable terms may materially affect our business operations. For further details, see “ _Our Business – Our Property_ ” on page 149. 

# **_46. Certain of our corporate filings and records are not traceable. We cannot assure that regulatory proceedings or actions will not be initiated against us in the future and we will not be subject to any penalty imposed by the competent regulatory authority in this regard._** 

Certain of our Company’s corporate regulatory filings and records are not traceable, including (a) the Form 32 and challan evidencing the payment of fee filed for the change in designation from additional director to Director with respect to Kuok Khoon Hong, pursuant to the resolution passed by the Shareholders on September 17, 1999, and (b) challans evidencing the payment of fee towards Form 32 filed for the appointment of Kuok Khoon Hong as an additional director pursuant to the resolution passed by the Board on February 27, 1999 and Form 2 filed for the allotment of Equity Shares on November 26, 2004. Therefore, the disclosures in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus in relation to such untraceable records have been made in reliance on other supporting documents available in our records, including the resolutions passed/noting made by the Board or Shareholders in their meetings. We cannot assure you 

36 

that the relevant corporate records will become available in the future, or actions will not be initiated against us in the future, or that we will not be subject to any penalty imposed by the competent regulatory authority in this respect. 

# **_47. We are dependent on a number of key personnel, including our senior management, and the loss of, or our inability to attract or retain such persons could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our performance depends largely on the efforts and abilities of our senior management and other key personnel. We believe that the inputs and experience of our Key Managerial Personnel are valuable for the development of business and operations and the strategic directions taken by our Company. Although only 1 out of 9 Key Managerial Personnel left the Company over the past 3 years, we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain these employees or find adequate replacements in a timely manner, or at all. We may require a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when qualified personnel terminate their employment with our Company. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting employees that our business requires. 

Further, our ability to successfully carry out R&D depends on our ability to attract and retain skilled scientists. The personnel at the helm of our R&D functions are critical for new product launches and creating differentiated offering for our businesses. While we believe we have an experienced technical and production team, we may not be able to continuously attract or retain such personnel, or retain them on acceptable terms, given the demand for such personnel. Competition for qualified personnel with relevant industry expertise in India is intense and the loss of the services of our key personnel may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. For further details, see “ _Our Management_ ” and “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group_ ” on pages 169 and 185, respectively. 

# **_48. Our ability to adopt new technology to respond to new and enhanced products poses a challenge in our business. The cost of implementing new technologies for our operations could be significant and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

The industry in which we operate is subject to significant technological changes, with the constant introduction of new and enhanced products. Our success will depend in part on our ability to respond to technological advances and emerging standards and practices on a cost effective and timely basis. While we strive to keep our technology, facilities and machinery current with the latest international standards, the technologies, facilities and machinery we currently employ may become obsolete. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully make timely and costeffective enhancements and additions to our technological infrastructure, keep up with technological improvements in order to meet our customers’ needs or that the technology developed by other will not render our products less competitive or attractive. Our failure to successfully adopt such technologies in a cost effective and a timely manner could increase our costs and lead to us being less competitive in terms of our prices or quality of products we sell. Further, implementation of new or upgraded technology may not be cost effective, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_49. We are subject to labour laws and other industry standards and our operations could be adversely affected by strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees or any other kind of disputes with our employees._** 

As of March 31, 2021, we employed 2,345 personnel across our operations, and our employees at our plant in Haldia, West Bengal have formed a registered union. Although we have not experienced any material labour unrest, we cannot assure you that we will not experience disruptions in work due to disputes or other problems with our work force, which may adversely affect our ability to continue our business operations. Any labour unrest directed against us, could directly or indirectly prevent or hinder our normal operating activities, and, if not resolved in a timely manner, could lead to disruptions in our operations. These actions are impossible for us to predict or control and any such event could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Although we have not received any notices from the labour union of our employees against us for matters such as wrongful termination of employment and reinstatement of workmen, back wages and payment of bonuses to workmen, we cannot assure you that no such notices will be issued in future. Any such actions could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_50. We rely on contract labour for carrying out certain of our operations and we may be held responsible for paying the wages of such workers, if the independent contractors through whom such workers are hired default on their obligations, and such obligations could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition._** 

In order to retain flexibility and control costs, we appoint independent contractors who in turn engage on-site contract labour for performance of certain of our operations in each of our business verticals. Although we do not engage these laborers directly, we may be held responsible for any wage payments to be made to such laborers in the event of default by such independent contractor. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, under the Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970, as amended, we may be required to absorb a number of such contract labourers as permanent employees. In the event of any non-compliance by contractors with statutory requirements, legal proceedings may be initiated against us. Thus, any such order from a regulatory body or court may have an adverse effect on our business, results of 

37 

operations and financial condition. Further, any upward revision of wages that may be required by the state government to be paid to such contract labourers or the unavailability of the required number of contract labourers, may adversely affect the business and future results of our operations. 

# **_51. Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or may not adequately protect us against all material hazards, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We could be held liable for accidents that occur at our manufacturing facilities or otherwise arise out of our operations. For example, the processing of oil, inside a boiler, involves dealing with high temperatures. This is an extremely hazardous process and can expose our Company to liabilities and claims, in case of occurrence of any accident. Further, our Company uses hydrogen gas and certain chemicals for refining, which may be hazardous to the environment and may lead to damage of assets, stock, premises, and loss of human lives. Such incidences may lead to unforeseen costs and we may have to compensate for any losses or damages suffered by third parties as a result of such incidents. In the event of personal injuries, fires or other accidents suffered by our employees or other people, we could face claims alleging that we were negligent, provided inadequate supervision or be otherwise liable for the injuries. Our principal types of coverage include all risk insurance policy, boiler and pressure plant insurance policy, electronic equipment insurance policy, standard fire and special perils insurance policy, machinery breakdown insurance policy, money insurance policy, burglary insurance policy and comprehensive general liability insurance. As of March 31, 2021, our gross block of total fixed tangible assets and inventory was ₹46,169.43 million and ₹47,777.00 million, respectively, and the insurance coverage on such assets and inventory was ₹47,303.79 million and ₹53,719.80 million, respectively, or 102.46% and 112.44%, respectively. 

While we believe that the insurance coverage which we maintain would be reasonably adequate to cover the normal risks associated with the operation of our business, we cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, and which is not covered by insurance, exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, cash flows and financial performance could be adversely affected. 

# **_52. The emergence of modern trade channels in the form of hypermarkets, supermarkets and online retailers may adversely affect our pricing ability, which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition._** 

While most of our current sales are through traditional trade channels, we sell some of our products to retail customers through modern trade channels, which include supermarkets, hypermarkets and ecommerce, and we expect to have to do so more going forward with the increasing popularity of modern trade channels. In this regard, India has recently witnessed the emergence of supermarket and hypermarket chains and online retailers and the market penetration of large scaled organized retail in India is likely to increase further. While we believe this provides us with an opportunity to improve our supply chain efficiencies and increase the visibility of our brands, it also increases the negotiating position of such stores. We cannot assure you that we will be able to negotiate new distribution agreements or renegotiate our existing distribution agreements going forward, specially our pricing or credit provisions, on terms favourable to us, or at all. Any inability to enter into distribution agreements and on terms favourable to us, may have an adverse effect on our pricing and margins, and consequently adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, several large retailers have their own private labels under which they sell private label products which are typically cheaper than our brands, and this presents competition for our brands on the retail market. 

# **_53. Information relating to the historical capacity of our production facilities included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is based on third party certificates as well as on various assumptions and estimates and future production and capacity may vary._** 

Information relating to the historical capacity of our production units included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is based on third party certificates as well as on various assumptions including those relating to availability of raw materials and operational efficiencies. Actual production levels and rates may differ significantly from the estimated production capacities and historical capacity utilisation rates. In addition, capacity utilization is calculated differently in different countries, industries and for the kinds of products we manufacture. Undue reliance should therefore not be placed on our historical capacity information for our existing units included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_54. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the equity shareholders._** 

We have entered into various transactions with related parties, including Wilmar Trading Pte. Ltd, _Goodman Fielder Consumer Foods Pty Limited,_ K.T.V. Health Food Private Limited, KOG- KTV Food Products (India) Private Limited. While all such transactions have been approved by our Board (on which our majority shareholders are represented) and while we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, we cannot assure you 

38 

that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. It is likely that we may enter into related party transactions in the future. Such related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. For example, we procure crude palm oil from Wilmar Group, which is one of the largest palm oil players but also our joint venture promoter. Further, we sell oleochemicals and castor products to associate companies of Wilmar International Limited. Additionally, we have entered into related party transactions with Adani Enterprises Limited for the use of certain port and power utilities in India. For details on our related party transactions, see “ _Other Financial Information – Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 264. For details on the interest of our Promoter, Directors and key management personnel of our Company, see “ _Our Management – Interests of Directors_ ” and “ _Our Management – Interests of Key Management Personnel_ ” on pages 173 and 182, respectively. We cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will always be in the best interests of our shareholders and will not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_55. Our Company has acquired land in the last five years from entity which is related to our Director and may undertake such acquisition in the future._** 

In the last five years, our Company acquired leasehold rights for 40.50 acres of land at Mundra for an annual rent of ₹100 per square metre, subject to escalation in every three years at the rate of 20%, from Adani Ports and Special Economic Zone Limited which is related to our Director, Malay Ramesh Mahadevia, since he is also a director on the board of directors of Adani Ports and Special Economic Zone Limited. The land is leased to us for a period of 30 years for the purpose of setting up manufacturing units and the processing of edible oil and food and FMCG. We believe that the transaction has been conducted on an arms-length basis, however, there can be no assurance that our Company could not have achieved more favourable terms had the transaction not been entered into with related parties. In the future, our Company may undertake further acquisitions of land from entities related to any of our Promoters or Directors. For more information, please see “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group_ ” on page 185. 

# **_56. We have certain contingent liabilities that have not been provided for in our financial statements, which, if they materialize, may adversely affect our financial condition._** 

As of March 31, 2021 our contingent liabilities that have not been provided for are as set out in the table below: 

|||(_in ₹_ _million_)|
|---|---|---|
|**S. No.**|**Particulars**|**As at March 31, 2021**|
|1.|BankGuaranteesfavouring Commercial Taxes|69.73|
|2.|Corporate Guarantees on behalf of Joint Venture Companies|1,000.00|
|3.|Disputed Customs Duty|492.40|
|4.|Commercial Taxes|397.33|
|5.|Income Tax|186.66|
|6.|ServiceTax&ExciseDuty|296.96|
||**Total**|**2,443.08**|



The details of our commitments are set forth in the table below: 

|||(_in ₹_ _million_)|
|---|---|---|
|**S. No.**|**Particulars**|**As at March 31, 2021**|
|1.|CapitalCommitment (net ofadvance)|1,889.54|
||**Total**|**1,889.54**|



If a significant portion of these liabilities materialize, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For details, see “ _Restated Financial Statements – Notes forming part of the Restated Consolidated Financial Information - Note 34: Contingent liabilities and Commitments_ ” on page 244. 

# **_57. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board in accordance with the dividend distribution policy adopted by our Company on July 31, 2021 and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. We have not paid any dividends for the financial years 2019, 2020 and 2021, and for the period from April 1, 2021 till the date of filing this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. 

39 

# **_58._** 

# **_We have used information from an industry report which we commissioned, as well as other information reported by market survey firms, for industry related data in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus._** 

We have used information from an industry report which we commissioned, titled “Report on Indian Packaged Food Industry” dated July 30, 2021 prepared by Technopak Advisors Private Limited, as well as other information reported by market survey firms Nielsen (India) Private Limited and Kantar Worldpanel India dated June 23, 2021 and July 2, 2021, respectively, for industry related data in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. These reports use certain methodologies for market sizing and forecasting. These reports are also subject to various limitations and based upon certain assumptions that are subjective in nature. While we believe the data to be true, we cannot assure you that they are complete or reliable. Accordingly, investors should read the industry related disclosure in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus in this context. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. While industry sources take due care and caution while preparing their reports, they do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the data. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on this information. 

# **_59. Our Company is currently a joint venture between the Promoters and we will continue to be controlled by our Promoters after completion of the Issue, which may limit your ability to influence the outcome of matters submitted for approval of our shareholders._** 

As of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters, directly and indirectly, along with their nominees hold 100% of the issued, subscribed and paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. After the completion of the Issue, our Promoters (by themselves and along with their nominees) will continue to hold a substantial portion of our paid up Equity Share capital. As a result, our Promoters will continue to exercise significant control over us, including being able to control the composition of our Board and determine matters requiring shareholder approval or approval of our Board. Our Promoters may take or block actions with respect to our business, which may conflict with our interests or the interests of our minority shareholders. By exercising their control, our Promoters could delay, defer or cause a change of our control or a change in our capital structure, delay, defer or cause a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us, discourage or encourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. Accordingly, the interests of our Promoters in their capacity as Shareholders of our Company may conflict with your interests and the interest of other Shareholders of our Company. We cannot guarantee that our Promoters and Promoter Group will act in our interest while exercising their rights. Any conflict of interest may adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy or to operate our business. 

Further, pursuant to the SHA (as amended by the second amendment and termination agreement) and Articles of Association and upon receipt of approval by the shareholders of our Company by way of a special resolution in a general meeting after listing, the Promoters shall have the right to nominate a director on the Board as per the following thresholds: 

|**_Shareholding of each of the AEL and AC LLP_**<br>**_(together, the “Adani Shareholders”) or LPL, as_**<br>**_applicable, as a percentage of the Equity Share capital_**<br>**_of ourCompany_**|**_Number of Directors_**<br>**_which may be_**<br>**_nominated by the Adani_**<br>**_Shareholders_**|**_Number of Directors_**<br>**_which may be_**<br>**_nominated by LPL_**|
|---|---|---|
|_30% or more_|_Three_|_Three_|
|_20% or more but less than 30%_|_Two_|_Two_|
|_Less than 20% but more than 10%_|_One_|_One_|



Additionally, the Adani Shareholders and LPL have also agreed on certain inter-se rights that shall come into effect upon the listing of our Equity Shares. For details, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters - Summary of Key Agreements_ ” on page 166. 

Further, AEL and Wilmar International Limited, the ultimate holding company of LPL, are both listed companies. To the extent that business or financial information relating to our Company can be derived from the annual or other public reports of AEL and/or LPL prepared in the ordinary course or filings made with the relevant stock exchanges in accordance with applicable standards and requirements for listed company disclosure, investors are reminded that such information has not been and will not be prepared for purposes of this Issue and does not form a part of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, the Red Herring Prospectus or the Prospectus. Any investment decision in connection with the Issue must be taken only on the basis of the information in the Red Herring Prospectus. 

40 

**_External Risk Factors_** 

# **_Risks Related to India_** 

# **_60. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

We are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in which we operate. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. Demand for our products may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional and global economies. Economic growth in the countries in which we operate is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports (oil and oil products), global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall which affects agricultural production. Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Also, a change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could adversely affect economic conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular and high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our revenues, and as such decrease our operating margins. 

# **_61. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of corporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. The government of India (“ **GoI** ”) may implement new laws or other regulations and policies that could affect the food industry, which could lead to new compliance requirements, including requiring us to obtain approvals and licenses from the Government and other regulatory bodies, or impose onerous requirements. Any changes to such laws, including the instances mentioned below, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. 

For instance, as per the amended  IT Act to provide an option to the domestic companies to pay a reduced statutory corporate income tax of 22%, plus applicable surcharge and cess (as compared to a normal corporate tax of 25% or 30%), provided such companies do not claim certain specified deduction or exemptions. Further, where a company has opted to pay the reduced corporate tax rate of 22%, the minimum alternate tax provisions would not be applicable. 

Earlier, distribution of dividends by a domestic company was subject to Dividend Distribution Tax (“ **DDT** ”), in the hands of the company at an effective rate of 20.56% (inclusive of applicable surcharge and health and education cess). Such dividends were generally exempt from tax in the hands of the shareholders. However, GOI has amended the IT Act to abolish the DDT regime. Accordingly, any dividend distributed by a domestic company is subject to tax in the hands of the investor at the applicable rate. Additionally, the company is required to withhold tax on such dividends distributed at the applicable rate. 

The Finance Act, 2019 has also clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer,  while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. 

Additionally, the GoI has recently introduced (a) the Code on Wages, 2019; (b) the Code on Social Security, 2020; (c) the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020; and (d) the Industrial Relations Code, 2020 which consolidate, subsume and replace numerous existing central labour legislations. While the rules for implementation under these codes have not been notified, we are yet to determine the impact of all or some such laws on our business and operations which may restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the aforementioned provisions may have on our Company’s business and operations. Further, our Company cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature  and  impact  of  any  such  laws  or  regulations  or  whether,  if  at  all,  any laws or regulations  would  have a material adverse effect the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_62. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a 

41 

prior regulatory approval will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. 

In addition, pursuant to the Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the DPIIT, which has been incorporated as the proviso to Rule 6(a) of the FEMA Rules, investments where the beneficial owner of the Equity Shares is situated in or is a citizen of a country which shares land border with India, can only be made through the Government approval route, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy dated October 15, 2020 and the FEMA Rules. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained with or without any particular terms or conditions or at all. 

We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For further information, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 351. 

# **_63. A downgrade in our credit ratings and the credit ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on our credit ratings and the credit ratings of India. We have a long-term rating of “CARE A+” and a short-term rating of “CARE A1+” from CARE Ratings. India’s sovereign rating decreased from Baa2 with a “negative” outlook to Baa3 with a “negative” outlook by Moody’s and from BBB with a “stable” outlook to BBB with a “negative” outlook (Fitch) in June 2020; and from BBB “stable” to BBB “negative” by DBRS in May 2020. India’s sovereign ratings from S&P is BBB- with a “stable” outlook in September 2020. Any further adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for reasons beyond our control such as, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_64. If inflation rises in India, increased costs may result in a decline in profits._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increasing inflation in India could cause a rise in the costs of rent, wages, raw materials and other expenses. High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our clients, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. If we are unable to increase our revenues sufficiently to offset our increased costs due to inflation, it could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, the GoI has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

# **_65. Terrorist attacks or war or conflicts involving India or other countries could adversely affect consumer and business sentiment and the financial markets and adversely affect our business._** 

Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may adversely affect global equity markets and economic growth as well as the Indian economy and stock markets. Such acts negatively impact business and economic sentiment, which could adversely affect our business and profitability. 

Also, India has from time to time experienced, and continues to experience, social and civil unrest and hostilities with neighbouring countries. Armed conflicts could disrupt communications and adversely affect the Indian economy. Such events could also create a perception that investments in Indian companies involve a high degree of risk. This, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the market for securities of Indian companies, including our Equity Shares. The consequences of any armed conflicts are unpredictable and we therefore may not be able to foresee events that could have an adverse effect on our business. 

# **_66. An outbreak of other infectious or virulent diseases, if uncontrolled, may have an adverse effect on our operations._** 

An outbreak of other infectious or virulent diseases, such as severe acute respiratory syndrome, the COVID-19 virus, the H1N1 virus, avian influenza (bird flu), the Zika virus or the Ebola virus, if uncontrolled, may have a material adverse effect on the economies of certain countries and our operations. If any of our employees or the employees of our suppliers and/or customers are infected with such diseases or if a signification portion of our workforce refuses to work for fear of contracting an infectious disease, our Company, our suppliers and/or our customers may be required to shut down operations for a period of time, and this could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

42 

**_67. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against our Company._** 

Our Company is incorporated under the laws of India. Our Company’s assets are primarily located in India and all of our Key Managerial Personnel as well as a majority of our Company’s current Directors are residents of India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce against them judgments obtained in courts outside India. 

Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13 of Civil Code on a statutory basis. Section 13 of the Civil Code provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated upon, except: (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction; (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case; (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or a refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable; (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice; (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud; and (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. Under the Civil Code, a court in India shall, upon the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgment, presume that the judgment was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record. However, under the Civil Code, such presumption may be displaced by proving that the court did not have jurisdiction. 

India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. Section 44A of the Civil Code provides that where a foreign judgment has been rendered by a superior court, within the meaning of that Section, in any country or territory outside of India which the Central Government has by notification declared to be in a reciprocating territory, it may be enforced in India by proceedings in execution as if the judgment had been rendered by the relevant court in India. However, Section 44A of the Civil Code is applicable only to monetary decrees not being of the same nature as amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges of a like nature or of a fine or other penalties. 

We have been advised by our Indian counsel that the United States and India do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments, other than arbitration awards, in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any federal or state court in the United States on civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the federal securities laws of the United States, would not be enforceable in India. However, the party in whose favour such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the United States. The suit must be brought in India within three years from the date of the judgment in the same manner as any other suit filed to enforce a civil liability in India. 

It is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action was brought in India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce a foreign judgment if that court were of the view that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy or Indian practice. It is uncertain as to whether an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments that would contravene or violate Indian law. However, a party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain approval from the RBI under the Indian Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, to execute such a judgment or to repatriate any amount recovered. 

# **_68. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as Indian GAAP, IFRS and U.S. GAAP, which may be material to investors’ assessment of our financial condition._** 

The Restated Financial Statements for the financial years 2019, 2020 and 2021 included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus have been prepared under Ind AS notified under the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 read with Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 to the extent applicable. In accordance with Ind AS 101 First-time Adoption of Indian Accounting Standard, we have presented reconciliation from Indian GAAP to Ind AS. Please refer to the Restated Financial Statements beginning on page 208. Except as otherwise provided in the Restated Financial Statements with respect to Indian GAAP, no attempt has been made to reconcile any of the information given in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus to any other principles or to base the information on any other standards. Ind AS differs from other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar, such as Indian GAAP, IFRS and U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, the degree to which the financial statements included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Ind AS. Persons not familiar with Ind AS should limit their reliance on the financial disclosures presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

In addition, our Restated Financial Statements may be subject to change if new or amended Ind AS accounting standards are issued in the future or if we revise our elections or selected exemptions in respect of the relevant regulations for the implementation of Ind AS. 

43 

# **_69. We may be affected by competition law in India and any adverse application or interpretation of the Competition Act could in turn adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act was enacted for the purpose of preventing practices that have or are likely to have an adverse effect on competition in India and has mandated the CCI to separate such practices. Under the Competition Act, any arrangement, understanding or action, whether formal or informal, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition is void and attracts substantial penalties. 

Further, any agreement among competitors which, directly or indirectly, involves determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, or shares the market by way of geographical area or number of subscribers in the relevant market is presumed to have an appreciable adverse effect in the relevant market in India and shall be void. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. On March 4, 2011, the Central Government notified and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to, and pre-approved by, the CCI. Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued the Competition Commission of India (Procedure for Transaction of Business Relating to Combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. The Competition Act aims to, among other things, prohibit all agreements and transactions which may have an appreciable adverse effect in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside of India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an appreciable adverse effect in India. However, the impact of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements entered into by us cannot be predicted with certainty at this stage. We are not currently party to any outstanding proceedings, nor have we received notice in relation to noncompliance with the Competition Act or the agreements entered into by us. 

However, if we are affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI or if any prohibition or substantial penalties are levied under the Competition Act, it would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

# **_70. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

# **_Risks Related to the Equity Shares and the Issue_** 

# **_71. We cannot be certain that an active trading market for the Equity Shares will develop or be sustained after this offering, and, following the offering, the price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate significantly, which could cause you to suffer substantial losses._** 

We cannot guarantee that an active trading market will develop or be sustained after the offering. Nor can we predict the prices at which the Equity Shares may trade after the offering. 

The Issue Price of our Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Issue. If you purchase the Equity Shares in our initial public offering, you may not be able to resell them at or above the initial public offering price. We cannot assure you that the initial public offering price of the Equity Shares, or the market price following our initial public offering, will equal or exceed prices in privately negotiated transactions of our shares that may have occurred from time to time prior to our initial public offering. The market price of the Equity Shares may decline or fluctuate significantly due to a number of factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including: 

- developments with respect to the spread or worsening of the COVID-19 pandemic; 

- the impact of COVID-19 on our business operations and our ability to be able to service customers, and the consequential impact on our operating results; 

- actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 

- 

   - announcements about our earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations; 

- the public’s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements and filings with the regulator; 

44 

- significant liability claims, complaints from our customers, shortages or interruptions in the availability of raw materials, or reports of incidents of tampering of raw materials; 

- changes in senior management or key personnel; 

- macroeconomic conditions in India; 

- fluctuations of exchange rates; 

- the operating and stock price performance of comparable companies; 

- changes in our shareholder base; 

- changes in our dividend policy; 

- issuances, exchanges or sales, or expected issuances, exchanges or sales; 

- changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; and 

- changes in the regulatory and legal environment in which we operate; or 

- market conditions in the construction and development industry and the domestic and worldwide economies as a whole, including in relation to the COVID-19 crisis. 

Any of these factors may result in large and sudden changes in the volume and trading price of the Equity Shares. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, shareholders have often instituted securities class action litigation against that company. If we were involved in a class action suit, it could divert the attention of management, and, if adversely determined, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_72. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked securities by us and any sale of Equity Shares by our Promoters or Promoter Group may dilute your shareholding and adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any future issuance of the Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to the Equity Shares by us, including through exercise of employee stock options may dilute your shareholding in our Company, adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and our ability to raise capital through an issue of our securities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will not issue additional Equity Shares. The disposal of Equity Shares by any of our Promoters and Promoter Group, or the perception that such sales may occur may significantly affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. Except as disclosed in “ _Capital Structure_ ” beginning on page 60, we cannot assure you that our Promoters and Promoter Group will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

# **_73. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company incorporated in India must offer its equity shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting on such resolution. 

However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for your benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of any such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of our Equity Shares, your proportional interests in our Company may be reduced. 

# **_74. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/Issue Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Issue Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Issue within six Working Days from the Bid/Issue Closing Date, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, 

45 

results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Issue or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

# **_75. You may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of our Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Under the IT Act long-term capital gains (i.e. gain realized on the sale of shares held for more than 12 months) exceeding ₹100,000 arising from sale of equity shares listed on a recognized stock exchange, are taxed at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess). This beneficial rate is subject to payment of Securities Transaction Tax (“ **STT** ”). Further, any gain realized on the sale of Equity Shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold other than on a recognized stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, will be subject to long term capital gains tax in India at  the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess), without indexation benefits  or 20% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) with indexation benefits. 

The Finance Act, 2019 amended the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 with effect from July 1, 2020 clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2019 may have on our Company’s business and operations. 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short-term capital gains tax in India. Such gains will be subject to tax at the rate of 15% (plus applicable surcharge and cess), subject to STT being paid at the time of sale of such shares. Otherwise, such gains will be taxed at the applicable rates. 

In cases where the seller is a non-resident, the aforementioned rates would be subject to the beneficial provisions of the tax treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident, read with Multilateral Instruments (“ **MLI** ”) (if and to the extent applicable). 

Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdictions on gains arising from a sale of the shares subject to relief that may be available under the applicable tax treaty read with MLI (if and to the extent applicable) or under the laws of their own jurisdiction. 

# **_76. Government regulation of foreign ownership of Indian securities may have an adverse effect on the price of our Equity Shares._** 

Foreign ownership of Indian securities is subject to Government regulation. In accordance with foreign exchange regulations currently in effect in India, under certain circumstances the RBI must approve the sale of the Equity Shares from a non-resident of India to a resident of India or vice-versa if the sale does not meet certain requirements specified by the RBI. Additionally, any person who seeks to convert the Rupee proceeds from any such sale into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India is required to obtain a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. As provided in the foreign exchange controls currently in effect in India, the RBI has provided that the price at which the Equity Shares are transferred be calculated in accordance with internationally accepted pricing methodology for the valuation of shares at an arm’s length basis, and a higher (or lower, as applicable) price per share may not be permitted. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other government agency can be obtained on terms favorable to a non-resident investor in a timely manner or at all. Because of possible delays in obtaining requisite approvals, investors in the Equity Shares may be prevented from realizing gains during periods of price increase or limiting losses during periods of price decline. See “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” beginning on page 351. 

# **_77. The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by our Promoters may be less than the Issue Price._** 

The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by our Promoters may be less than the Issue Price. The details of average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares acquired by our Promoters is set out below: 

|**Name of our Promoters**|**Average cost of acquisition per Equity Share (in ₹)**<sup>**#**</sup>|
|---|---|
|ACL along with its nominees|12.675|
|LPL|6.156|



_# As certified by Shah Dhandharia & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants, our Statutory Auditor, pursuant to the certificate dated July 31, 2021. The figures disclosed above are adjusted for sub-division of equity shares of our Company pursuant to resolution passed by our Shareholders dated May 5, 2021._ 

46 

