# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in our Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares and the industry in which we currently operate or to India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial, actually occur, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could suffer, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. To obtain a complete understanding of our Company, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Industry Overview”, “Our Business” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” beginning on pages 86, 135 and 270, respectively, as well as the financial, statistical and other information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of our Company and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in our Equity Shares._ 

_Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward- looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. See “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 14._ 

_Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section. Unless the context requires otherwise, the financial information of our Company has been derived from our Restated Financial Information._ 

_The industry-related information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus is derived from the CRISIL Report dated September 2021 which has been commissioned and paid for by our Company for an agreed fee for the purposes of confirming our understanding of the industry exclusively in connection with the Offer. We officially engaged CRISIL Research, a division of CRISIL Limited, in connection with the preparation of the CRISIL Report on March 24, 2021._ 

_Our financial year ends on March 31 of each year. Accordingly, all references to a particular financial year are to the 12month period ended March 31 of that year. Financial information for the three months ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 are not indicative of full year results and are not comparable with the annual financial statements presented in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_Unless otherwise specified in this section, reference to quarterly average assets under management (“_ **_QAAUM_** _”) and monthly average assets under management (“_ **_MAAUM_** _”) as of a given date refers to the average assets under management of our mutual fund schemes, excluding our domestic FoFs, for the quarter or month ended on the specified date._ 

# **Internal Risk Factors** 

# **_Risks Relating to our Business_** 

**_1. The extent to which the Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) may affect our business and operations in the future is uncertain and cannot be predicted._** 

During the first half of calendar year 2020, COVID-19 spread to a majority of countries across the world, including India. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, significant repercussions across local, national and global economies and financial markets and affect the income and savings of investors. In particular, a number of governments and organizations have revised GDP growth forecasts downward in response to the economic slowdown caused by the spread of COVID-19. 

The global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has been rapidly evolving and public health officials and governmental authorities have responded by taking measures, including in India where our operations are based, such as prohibiting people from assembling in large numbers, instituting quarantines, restricting travel, issuing “stay-at-home” orders and restricting the types of businesses that may continue to operate, among many others. On March 14, 2020, India declared COVID-19 as a “notified disaster” for the purposes of the Disaster Management Act, 2005 and imposed a nationwide lockdown beginning on March 25, 2020. The lockdown lasted until May 31, 2020, and has been extended periodically by varying degrees by state governments and local administrations. The lifting of the lockdowns across various regions has been regulated with limited and progressive relaxations being granted for movement of goods and people in other places and calibrated re-opening of businesses and offices. Subsequently, from March 2021 to date, due to an increase 

25 

in the number of daily COVID-19 cases, several state governments in India re-imposed lockdowns, curfews and other restrictions to curb the spread of the virus. As a result of the detection of new strains and subsequent waves of COVID19 infections in several states in India as well as throughout various parts of the world, we may be subject to further reinstatements of lockdown protocols or other restrictions, which may adversely affect our business operations. 

There remains significant uncertainty regarding the duration and long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as possible future responses by the Government, which makes it impossible for us to predict with certainty the impact that COVID-19 will have on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows in the future. Further, one or more states have imposed or may impose additional regional or local lockdowns. The COVID-19 pandemic has affected and may continue to affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows in a number of ways such as: 

- it resulted in a significant decline and increased volatility in the Indian equity markets which could cause investors to avoid higher risk assets such as equity funds and reduce their investments in such funds through withdrawals or fund exits, and consequently reduce the AUM managed by us and have an adverse effect on our revenue from operations. For example, we witnessed a decline in our total closing AUM under our mutual fund (excluding our domestic FoFs), portfolio management services, offshore and real estate offerings, which decreased from ₹2,556.15 billion as of March 31, 2019 to ₹2,152.70 billion as of March 31, 2020, before increasing to ₹2,707.51 billion as of March 31, 2021. Our inflows from our equity-oriented mutual fund schemes decreased from ₹264.01 billion during the financial year 2019 to ₹236.62 billion during the financial year 2020 and further to ₹211.43 billion during the financial year 2021, and our inflows from our fixed income-oriented mutual fund schemes (including ETFs) decreased from ₹22,689.07 billion during the financial year 2019 to ₹17,713.11 billion during the financial year 2020 and further to ₹8,213.76 billion during the financial year 2021. Our outflows from our equity-oriented mutual fund schemes increased from ₹194.44 billion during the financial year 2019 to ₹293.37 billion during the financial year 2020, before decreasing to ₹289.24 billion during the financial year 2021, and our outflows from our fixed income-oriented mutual fund schemes (including ETFs) decreased from ₹22,789.15 billion during the financial year 2019 to ₹17,898.55 billion during the financial year 2020 and further to ₹8,046.13 billion during the financial year 2021; 

- it may require us to shut our offices or operate them with few personnel as state and local authorities may impose lockdowns; we shut our offices at the commencement of the lockdown and were able to resume operations at our front offices in a gradual manner from May 2020 onwards in accordance with guidelines issued by government authorities; 

- increased risks emanating from process changes being implemented, such as technology and oversight challenges due to an increase in number of individuals working from home; 

- increased vulnerability to cyber-security threats and potential breaches, including phishing attacks, malware and impersonation tactics; 

- an increase in operational costs as a result of installing work-from-home technology systems and frequent cleaning of office premises; 

- uncertainty as to what conditions must be satisfied before government authorities fully remove the “stay-at-home” orders and when such orders would be fully removed; and 

- the potential negative impact on the health of our personnel, particularly if a significant number of them are afflicted by COVID-19, which could result in a deterioration in our ability to ensure business continuity during this disruption. 

We have assessed and considered the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations and assets including the value of our investments, asset management rights and trade receivables. Since our revenue is ultimately dependent on the value of the assets we manage, changes in market conditions and the trend of flows into mutual funds may have an impact on our operations. We continue to closely monitor the impact that the pandemic might have on our business and the performance of our schemes. While COVID-19 has thus far marginally affected our business, there is significant uncertainty regarding the duration and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as possible future responses, which makes it impossible for us to predict with certainty the impact that COVID-19 will have on us at this time. Given the rapidly changing implications of the spread of COVID-19, it is difficult to assess its impact on our business and results of operations at this time and we may not be able to quantify or accurately predict the same. Please see “ _Management’s Discussions and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Significant Factors Affecting our Results of Operations – Current COVID-19 Pandemic_ ” on pages 275-276. 

Any intensification of the COVID-19 pandemic or any future outbreak of another highly infectious or contagious disease may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In the event that 

26 

the impact of the pandemic is prolonged or more severe than anticipated, this may have an impact on the carrying value of our investments, asset management rights and financial position. Further, as COVID-19 adversely affects our business, results of operations and cash flows, it may also have the effect of exacerbating many of the other risks described in this “ _Risk Factors_ ” section such as those relating to adverse changes in the value and composition of our AUM, our dependence on third-party distribution channels and other intermediaries, the adequate functioning of our information technology systems, our compliance with data privacy laws, rules and regulations and the potential loss or misuse of customer data, and deficiencies or interruptions in services provided by certain third parties for our operations. 

**_2. Our revenue and profit are largely dependent on the value and composition of the AUM of the schemes managed by us and any adverse change in our AUM may result in a decline in our revenue and profit._** 

The significant majority of our revenue comes from management fees charged by us on the assets we manage. Our revenue from operations – fees and commission income for the three months ended June 30, 2021 and the financial years 2021, 2020 and 2019 was ₹3,031.69 million, ₹10,679.07 million, ₹11,596.70 million and ₹13,267.74 million, respectively, representing 90.16%, 88.56%, 93.92% and 94.28% of our total income, respectively. Our fees are usually calculated and charged to investors as a percentage of the AUM of the schemes managed by us. As of June 30, 2021 and March 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, our equity-oriented QAAUM amounted to ₹1,026.78 billion, ₹969.34 billion, ₹875.59 billion and ₹890.62 billion, respectively, and our debt-oriented QAAUM amounted to ₹1,296.47 billion, ₹1,285.38 billion, ₹1,101.91 billion and ₹978.46 billion, respectively. As of the same dates, we managed a closing AUM amounting to ₹18.28 billion, ₹17.59 billion, ₹20.55 billion and ₹29.49 billion, respectively, under our portfolio management services. Any decrease in such AUM will cause a decline in our fees and therefore our revenue from operations and, consequently, net profit. The AUM may decline or fluctuate for various reasons, many of which are outside our control. Further, these factors may inhibit our ability to grow our AUM which will adversely affect our revenue from operations and net profit. 

Factors that could cause the AUM of the schemes managed by us to decline include the following: 

- _Declines in the Indian equity markets_ : A large number of the schemes managed by us include significant equity investments in Indian equity markets and as such they make up a significant portion of our AUM. Such equity investments are concentrated in Indian equity markets. As of June 30, 2021, 38.03% of our mutual fund closing AUM (excluding our domestic FoFs) amounting to ₹1,072.85 billion was invested in domestic equity securities. As such, declines in Indian equity markets would cause AUM managed by us to decline directly as the value of the securities declines, and indirectly as securities investment becomes less attractive for investors resulting in net AUM outflows or redemptions. The equity markets in India have been and may continue to be volatile, including as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and any such volatility will contribute to fluctuations in the AUM managed by us. 

- _Changes in interest rates and defaults_ : Many of the schemes managed by us invest in fixed income securities of various issuers, including short-term money market instruments. As of June 30, 2021, 61.97% of our mutual fund closing AUM (excluding our domestic FoFs) amounting to ₹1,748.42 billion was invested in domestic fixed income securities. The value of fixed income securities may decline as a result of changes in interest rates, policies of the RBI, an issuer’s actual or perceived creditworthiness or an issuer's inability to meet its obligations. Such declines would also result in a decline in our AUM. 

- _Withdrawals or redemptions_ : In response to market conditions, inconsistent or poor investment performance, the pursuit of other investment opportunities (including similar opportunities provided by competitors) or other factors, investors may reduce their investments in mutual funds or the market segments in which related investments are concentrated. Such reductions may lead to a decrease in our AUM. In a declining market, withdrawals or redemptions may accelerate rapidly, potentially more quickly than we can sell assets to meet such redemptions. This could also cause us to temporarily suspend redemptions or borrow money to meet redemption requirements. Some mutual fund schemes do not have an exit load, meaning investors can redeem/withdraw/exit these funds at any time without any additional exit charges. Investors may choose not to reinvest with us after making redemptions and seek alternative forms of savings or investment avenues. 

- _Changes in the composition of our AUM_ : The rate of fees we charge differs between fund types and products. For example, the fee levels for equity and hybrid funds are generally higher than the fee levels for debt and liquid funds. In general, equity funds are able to charge relatively stable fees, whereas debt funds fees vary depending on market conditions, fund duration and the competitive environment, and could be lower than the maximum limits imposed by SEBI. Accordingly, the composition of AUM of the schemes managed by us also substantially affects the level of our revenue and profitability. 

- _Declines in systematic investment plans_ : A significant portion of the AUM managed by us is obtained through systematic investment plans made by investors. Volatile market conditions on account of adverse economic factors 

27 

in India or globally could result in a decline of individual customers investing in mutual funds, systemically or otherwise. Further, any decline in the rate of savings in India, particularly in relation to systematic investment plans could result in a decrease in our AUM and consequently our revenues. 

   - _Decline in portfolio management services, offshore funds and real estate AUM._ As of June 30, 2021, we managed total AUM of ₹115.15 billion as part of our portfolio management services and investment advisory services businesses. Increased competition for such services or the loss of PMS mandates could result in a decline in our AUM and, consequently, our revenues. 

**_3. Underperformance of investment products in respect of which we provide asset management services could lead to a loss of investors, reduction in AUM and adversely affect our results of operations and reputation._** 

The investment products in respect of which we provide asset management services may not outperform either their relevant benchmarks, or similar investment products provided by our competitors. The investments held by the mutual funds for which we provide asset management services may be illiquid or volatile which may result in losses. Many other investments, including in particular investments in equity, are subject to potential capital losses. Other than our investment strategies, the performance of such investment products will depend on a number of factors, the majority of which are outside our control and include market, economic and other conditions. Further, certain of our investment management contracts contain restrictions relating to our investment policies, for example limiting exposure concentrations in respect of certain asset classes, issuers or industries. Such restrictions may prevent us from implementing what may be the best investment strategies, which could restrict the performance of our investments. 

Such underperformance may have an adverse effect on our business, including: 

- existing investors may withdraw funds in favor of better performing products offered by our competitors, which would reduce the AUM of the schemes managed by us, resulting in reduced revenue from management fees; 

- our ability to attract funds from new investors or incremental funds from existing investors may diminish; and 

- negative absolute investment performance will directly reduce the value of AUM of the schemes managed by us, resulting in reduced revenue from management fees. 

In addition, we may periodically review our investment management fees, or limit total expenses, on certain products or services for particular time periods to improve portfolio performance, manage portfolio expenses, and to help retain or increase managed assets, or for other reasons. If our revenue declines without a commensurate reduction in our expenses, our profit after tax will decline. 

Some of the funds in respect of which we provide asset management services have not delivered strong or consistent investment performance, on a relative basis, compared to relevant industry benchmarks and our competitors. 48 of our schemes, representing ₹1,475.37 billion or 54.65% of our total QAAUM (including our domestic FoFs) as of June 30, 2021, have underperformed their respective benchmarks during the three months ended June 30, 2021. Underperformance by such funds may hinder our ability to grow AUM of the schemes managed and in some cases, may contribute to a reduction in AUM managed by us. Consequently, underperformance by any of these funds may adversely affect our results of operations and reputation. 

**_4. The growth of our AUM may be affected due to the unavailability of appropriate investment opportunities or if we close or discontinue some of our schemes or services._** 

Our ability to deliver strong investment performance depends largely on our ability to identify appropriate investment opportunities. If we are not able to identify favorable investment opportunities in a timely manner, or at all, our investment performance and consequently our results of operations may be adversely affected. If we do not have sufficient investment opportunities for new funds, we may limit the growth of such funds by reducing the rate at which they receive new investments or delay or cancel the proposed launch of new funds. Further, any delay in the deployment of investor funds beyond any relevant commitment period may lead to investors withdrawing funds. Our inability to continue to grow our AUM, maintain our overall growth levels while enhancing our customer’s product portfolio, or discontinue some of our investment products, may adversely affect our market position and profitability. Certain of our funds and businesses have had relatively large increases in their AUM in recent years. If we are unable to identify sufficient investment opportunities for such funds, our investment performance may decline and we may have to change the investment objectives of affected funds. Further, our investment style and strategy may fall out of favor for various reasons including underperformance and competition which could lead to a decline in assets managed by us. Any inability to promptly re-calibrate or formulate new strategies for investments will adversely affect the growth of our AUM and have an adverse impact on our revenue and profit. 

**_5. Credit risks related to the debt portfolio of our funds may expose our funds to losses, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

28 

Our schemes are exposed to credit risks in relation to their investments, as issuers of the fixed income securities owned by such schemes may default on their obligations, including in respect of principal and interest payments. As of June 30, 2021, the value of our debt portfolio (including investments in debt through our equity-oriented schemes) invested in sovereign-rated debt, AAA-rated debt and A1+ or equivalent-rated debt amounted to ₹351.73 billion, ₹604.72 billion and ₹438.31 billion, respectively, representing 12.47%, 21.43% and 15.54%, respectively, of our total mutual fund closing AUM (excluding our domestic FoFs). As of the same date, the value of the remainder of our debt portfolio (including investments in debt through our equity-oriented schemes), which was invested in debt with ratings lower than sovereign-rated debt, AAA-rated debt and A1+ or equivalent-rated debt, amounted to ₹105.55 billion, representing 3.74% of our total mutual fund closing AUM (excluding our domestic FoFs). The value of the debt portfolio of our schemes could be affected by changes in the credit rating or actual or perceived creditworthiness of an issuer of fixed income securities that they own, or a deterioration of credit markets as a whole. In addition, through our alternative investment offerings, we invest in debt securities which are exposed to credit risks. During the last three years, the fixed income securities of eight issuers held across our schemes were downgraded to below investment grade. Two such issuers defaulted on a total outstanding amount (including interest) of ₹18.23 billion in respect of their securities. Issuers of debt securities that our funds hold may also default on their obligations to our funds due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, economic downturns, operational failure, fraud or other reasons, including as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. 

We are also exposed to the risk that the rights of our schemes against such issuers may not be enforceable in all circumstances. For example, in September 2018, a non-banking financial institution and some of its group companies defaulted on their loan repayment obligations. Further, based on the moratorium granted by NCLAT to such nonbanking financial institution and to its group companies, these companies stopped making payments. Due to the financial stress the group was undergoing and then the various defaults following the moratorium placed on payments, some of our investee companies belonging to this group were successively downgraded by respective rating agencies over this period to non-investment grades and then to default grade. Consequently, valuations of our investments in these companies were changed to reflect our assessment of the fair value of the investments at each stage basis the then fast evolving situation. This situation further resulted in difficulties for other non-banking financial institutions to secure new financing or refinance their existing financial indebtedness, leading to successive defaults. Issuers of other debt securities owned by our funds may default on principal and interest payments, thereby creating an impairment in the realizable value of the assets. 

We cannot assure you that will be able to identify and mitigate credit risks successfully. Losses sustained by our schemes as a result of defaults by, or a decline in the credit rating or actual or perceived creditworthiness of, issuers of fixed income securities owned by our schemes may result in decreases in our AUM, revenue and profit, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

**_6. Our historical growth rates may not be indicative of our future growth and if we do not manage our growth or successfully implement our business plan, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected._** 

Our business and AUM of the schemes managed by us have grown consistently in the recent past. Our total QAAUM (excluding our domestic FoFs) grew from ₹1,365.03 billion as of March 31, 2016 to ₹2,754.54 billion as of June 30, 2021. The historical returns of our investment products should not be considered indicative of the future results of these products or the results of any other products we may develop in the future. We cannot assure you that our growth strategy will continue to be successful or that we will be able to continue to grow further, or at the same rate. 

The growth in our business has been based on a variety factors, which may not continue including: 

- our ability to retain key investment professionals and investing necessary resources to maintain existing products and develop new investment products; 

- growth in the Indian economy resulting in increased wealth that can be converted into savings and investments; 

- high growth rates in savings in India, in particular in relation to certain types of investment products, which has increased AUM of the schemes managed by us; 

- the pursuit of favorable regulatory policies and financial literacy programs that have facilitated and encouraged savings in financial assets, such as mutual funds; and 

- favorable macro-economic conditions that promote saving such as positive real interest rates, low inflation, and projected continued growth. 

However, any favorable trends may not continue in the future or could reverse, which could lead to a corresponding decrease or reversal of the growth of our business in recent years, including the QAAUM of the schemes managed by 

29 

us. In addition, continued growth also presents risks to our business as we may not be able to maintain our systems, policies and practices, or hire personnel, in order to operate a larger organization with equivalent success. 

Further, as we plan to expand our geographic footprint in India, our business may be exposed to additional challenges, including obtaining additional governmental or regulatory approvals, identifying and collaborating with local business partners with whom we may have no existing relationship, successfully marketing our products in markets in which we have no familiarity, attracting customers in a market in which we do not have significant experience or visibility, maintaining standardized systems and procedures, and adapting our marketing strategy and operations to new markets in India in which different languages are spoken. To address these challenges, we may have to make investments that may not yield desired results or incur costs that we may not be able to recover. 

**_7. We depend on third-party distribution channels and other intermediaries, and problems with these distribution channels and intermediaries or failure to continue to expand our current third -party distribution channels and intermediaries could adversely affect our business and financial performance._** 

As of June 30, 2021, we had 194 branches in India (and three outside India), spread over 27 states and six union territories, which were supplemented by 90 EMs. As of the same date, we had 50 branches and 23 EMs (representing 25.70% of our total locations) located across North India, 46 branches and 24 EMs (representing 24.65% of our total locations) located across South India, 40 branches and 20 EMs (representing 21.13% of our total locations) located across East India, and 58 branches and 23 EMs (representing 28.52% of our total locations) located across West India. Our distribution network included over 66,000 KYD-compliant mutual fund distributors, over 240 national distributors and over 100 banks/financial intermediaries, as of June 30, 2021. Of our total equity, debt and liquid QAAUM as of June 30, 2021, our direct marketing efforts contributed to ₹1,290.32 billion or 46.86%, MFDs contributed to ₹830.86 billion or 30.18%, national distributors contributed to ₹395.64 billion or 14.37%, and banks/financial intermediaries contributed to ₹236.61 billion or 8.59%. As of the same date, our direct marketing efforts contributed to ₹194.13 billion or 18.91% of our equity-oriented QAAUM and ₹811.46 billion or 62.23% of our debt-oriented QAAUM, MFDs contributed to ₹519.32 billion or 50.58% of our equity-oriented QAAUM and ₹278.09 billion or 21.33% of our debtoriented QAAUM, national distributors contributed to ₹192.89 billion or 18.79% of our equity-oriented QAAUM and ₹116.41 billion or 8.93% of our debt-oriented QAAUM, and banks/financial intermediaries contributed to ₹120.44 billion or 11.73% of our equity-oriented QAAUM and ₹97.91 billion or 7.51% of our debt-oriented QAAUM. In addition, as of the same date, our top five distributors contributed to ₹231.50 billion or 8.40% of our QAAUM (excluding our domestic FoFs) and our top 10 distributors contributed to ₹331.14 billion or 12.02% of our QAAUM (excluding our domestic FoFs). 

We are committed to growing our distribution network by expanding our geographical reach and deepening our existing presence, in order to increase our AUM. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so within anticipated timelines, or at all. 

Our ability to access investors is dependent on the distribution systems and investor bases of these distributors. Our ability to access investors through distributors is subject to a number of risks, including: 

- The arrangements we have with distributors may generally be terminated by the distributors for any reason (or no reason) on short notice; 

- Generally, distributors also offer similar products of our competitors to our existing and prospective investors and do not provide services for us on an exclusive basis. Any inability to secure new distribution relationships or in maintaining our existing relationships may adversely affect our competitiveness; 

- Distributors may provide better service to our competitors and promote their products to prospective investors instead of ours because of a more attractive compensation arrangement, or as a result of closer relationships with our competitors, or for other reasons; and 

- We may be unable to prevent “mis-selling” of our products and services by our distributors resulting in such products and services being purchased by customers without an informed understanding of associated risks, which may adversely affect our business (including AUM) and reputation. 

We also depend on referrals from investment consultants, financial planners and other professional advisors, as well as from our existing investors and employees. Maintaining good relations with these intermediaries is key to attracting and retaining investors. Loss of any of the distribution channels afforded by distributors, and the inability to access investors through new distribution channels, could decrease AUM of the schemes managed by us and adversely affect our management fees and revenue. 

We rely on distributors to maintain good relations with our investors as they are often the link between us and existing or prospective investors and therefore the manner in which such intermediaries conduct themselves, and market and 

30 

service our products, may affect our reputation and business. Any failure on our part to continue our relationship with distributors or incentivize distributors appropriately may lead to a loss of business arising from such distributors, which could adversely affect our business. During the financial year 2020, we terminated the services of seven distributors. These distributors contributed to ₹58.68 million of our AUM as of March 31, 2020. We did not terminate the services of any distributors during the financial years 2021 and 2019. Further, any misconduct or negligent behavior on the part of any of our distributors while marketing our products, or while providing any after-sales services may adversely affect our reputation and brand, which may lead to a decrease in AUM of the schemes managed by us and adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. 

**_8. Our business is subject to extensive regulation, including periodic inspections by SEBI and our non-compliance with existing regulations or SEBI’s observations or our failure or delay to obtain, maintain or renew regulatory approvals could expose us to penalties and restrictions._** 

As an asset management company, we are regulated by SEBI through a variety of regulations, guidelines, circulars and notifications issued from time to time as applicable for mutual funds, PMS and AIFs. For instance, the SEBI Mutual Fund Regulations govern a wide range of issues in connection with a mutual fund, including the constitution and management of a mutual fund. The SEBI Mutual Fund Regulations also provide that any change of control, as defined therein, with respect to our Company would require, among other things, prior approval of SEBI and the Trustee and we would be required to provide the unitholders an option to exit on the prevailing NAV without any exit load. 

In addition, SEBI has issued separate regulations governing portfolio managers and alternative investment funds (which includes venture capital and private equity funds). If we fail to comply with any regulations or guidelines, we may be subject to fines, sanctions and court proceedings. Compliance or other costs may rise due to changes in regulations, which may reduce our profit or put us at a competitive disadvantage. 

We are subject to regular scrutiny and supervision by SEBI, such as periodic inspections. SEBI has the power to inspect our books from time to time to ensure that we are in compliance with regulations, based on which SEBI may take such action as it may deem fit, including under the SEBI Act, SEBI Mutual Fund Regulations, and other regulations issued by SEBI, which includes fines and sanctions and, in certain circumstances, could also lead to revocation of our license to function as an asset management company or a portfolio manager, as applicable. For instance, Aditya Birla Real Estate Fund, one of the funds managed by our Company, has received a letter from SEBI wherein SEBI observed certain administrative violations including non-compliance of a particular investment with its investment strategy and failure to upload its quarterly reports on the SEBI intermediary portal for certain quarters. 

Every scheme we propose to introduce is required to file a draft scheme information document with SEBI for its observations. In the past, in inspection reports and in a warning letter, SEBI has, among other things, identified certain deficiencies in our systems and operations including amongst others such as ensuring: (i) applicability of proper NAV in case of Instant Access Facility (“ **IAF** ”), (ii) IAF was only applicable to individual investors, (iii) rolling over of short term deposits, (iv) compliance with regulatory guidelines which requires systems to be instituted to detect if a distributor is splitting investments to enhance the amount of transaction charges, (v) to protect interest of the unit holders by resorting the original units in earlier scheme where switch out request had been processed to invest in a NFO and the said NFO failed, (vi) failure to detect non-compliance of maximum holding per investor limits at the time of allotment, (vii) that a privately placed debt instrument in which front-end discount was not reduced from the cost of the investment. 

While we have responded to such observations and addressed them, we cannot assure you that SEBI will not make similar or other observations in the future. In the event we are unable to resolve such deficiencies to SEBI’s satisfaction, we may be restricted in our ability to conduct our business. 

While we seek to comply with all regulatory provisions applicable to us, in the event we are unable to comply with the observations made by SEBI, we could be subject to penalties and restrictions which may be imposed by SEBI. Further, SEBI may initiate proceedings against our Company and its officials or any of the funds we are associated with for any alleged non-compliance with its regulations. Imposition of any penalty or adverse findings by SEBI during any future inspections may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and reputation. 

Given the uncertainties and complexity of many of these regulatory actions, their outcome generally cannot be predicted with any reasonable degree of certainty and, accordingly, our provisions for regulatory actions may be inadequate. In addition, while we seek to comply with all regulatory provisions applicable to us, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to comply with all observations made by our regulators or obtain or renew (in a timely manner or at all) all regulatory and other approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions required for operating our business, which may result in sanctions, penalties and/or other restrictions in the form of cancellations or suspensions of registrations or approvals and therefore restrict our ability to conduct certain lines of business or otherwise affect our 

31 

ability to carry on our business. For further details, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” beginning on page 295. 

**_9. Any concentration in our investment portfolio could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

The occurrence of events that have an adverse effect on any particular industry, asset class, country or geographic region may affect the investment portfolio of our schemes to the extent that such portfolio is concentrated in such effected category. A large portion of our AUM is concentrated in a few schemes. For example, as of June 30, 2021, our top five schemes accounted for ₹1,110.17 billion, i.e. 40.30% of our total QAAUM (excluding our domestic FoFs), whereas our top five equity-oriented schemes accounted for ₹613.33 billion, i.e. 59.73% of our total equity-oriented QAAUM and our top five debt-oriented schemes accounted for ₹894.94 billion, i.e. 69.03% of our debt-oriented QAAUM. As of June 30, 2021, of our top four equity-oriented schemes in terms of QAAUM, two schemes had underperformed their respective benchmarks over a 1-year return period, all four schemes had underperformed their respective benchmarks over a 3-year return period, three schemes had underperformed their respective benchmarks over a 5-year return period, and none of the schemes had underperformed their respective benchmarks over a 10-year return period. As of the same date, of our top four debt-oriented schemes in terms of QAAUM, two schemes had underperformed their respective benchmarks over a 1-year return period, one scheme had underperformed its respective benchmark over a 3-year return period, none of the schemes had underperformed their respective benchmarks over a 5-year return period, and one scheme had underperformed its respective benchmark over a 10-year return period. See also “ _Our Business – Our Strengths – Diverse Product Portfolio with Fund Performance supported by Research Driven Investment Philosophy_ ” on pages 138-139. 

The performance of these schemes may have a significant impact on our AUM and consequently our revenues. Such concentrations in the investment portfolios of our schemes and products could increase the risk that, in the event we experience a significant loss in any of these investments, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows would be adversely affected. Underperformance by any of these funds may cause increased redemptions and have a disproportionate adverse impact on our liquidity, AUM and income. Further, since the mutual funds industry significantly depends on macroeconomic conditions, such concentration could have an adverse impact especially during periods of economic volatility. In addition, if we become subject to additional restrictions in future with regard to the asset classes that we are permitted to invest in, the portfolio of our schemes and products may not be sufficiently diversified to mitigate the effects of potential concentration risk. For further details on the regulation of our investments, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” beginning on page 161. 

**_10. Our investment activities are subject to investment, liquidity and other risks and limitations in our risk management system, and our ability to effectively identify and mitigate such risks may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Our investment activities are subject to investment, liquidity and other risks where each type of scheme or the instruments in which funds are invested have specific risks associated with them. For example, our ability to sell listed equity securities is limited by the overall trading volume on the relevant stock exchanges, which may result in funds incurring losses until the relevant security can be finally sold. Unlisted securities are generally illiquid and carry a larger amount of liquidity risk, in comparison to securities that are listed, which will impact the AUM valuation and consequently our revenues. Further, the value of debt securities and money market instruments are affected by interest rate fluctuations. Many of these instruments also lack a well-developed secondary market, which may restrict their sale. Investors who have invested in open-ended income funds can redeem their investments at any time, which investments may be in instruments with longer maturities or may not be readily saleable or liquid, and thus such funds may face liquidity challenges. In addition, we invest in certain residential real estate projects. Investments in such projects are generally illiquid and we also face the risk that such projects may not be completed in a timely manner, or at all. The development of real estate projects could also be affected by legal, political and regulatory developments. There is a risk that if we were to be faced with significant redemption pressures from our customers, we may default on redemption obligations, or may need to implement restrictions on redemptions or wind up such funds, either of which could result in reductions in our AUM, revenues and profit, and adversely affect our reputation. Further, investing in lower-rated or unrated debt securities offering higher yields is subject to greater risks. Further, with respect to risks involved in investment by schemes, SEBI has recently imposed certain obligations on asset management companies (which will come into effect from the date when the MF Amendment Regulations will come into force) to invest a minimum percentage of their AUM in the schemes of their mutual funds, on the basis of the risk value of the respective schemes. 

In the event of any limitations in our risk management systems (such as internal controls, risk identification and evaluation, effectiveness of risk controls and information communication), our ability to adequately and effectively identify or mitigate our risk exposure in all market environments may be restricted. Further, our technology platforms may not be able to identify or monitor certain conditions and limits imposed on us through new rules and regulations. Our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected by the corresponding increase in our risk exposure and actual losses experienced as a direct or indirect result of failures of our risk 

32 

management policies and internal controls. Any hedging strategies that we may utilize may also not be fully effective or may not adequately cover our liabilities and may leave us exposed to unidentified and unanticipated risks. 

The information and data we rely on may become obsolete because of market and regulatory developments, and our historical data may not be able to adequately reflect risks that may emerge in the future. Any future expansion and diversification in our scheme or product offerings, investments or operations will require us to continue to enhance our risk management and internal control capabilities. Our failure to timely adapt our risk management and internal control policies and procedures to our developing business could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

**_11. Competition from existing and new market participants offering investment products could reduce our market share or put downward pressure on our fees._** 

The mutual funds industry is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive and we expect competition to continue and intensify in the future. Low barriers to entry have also resulted in a large number of smaller participants entering the market. It is possible that there may in the future be consolidation in the market, amongst the smaller market participants, between such smaller participants and the larger participants, or between the larger participants. Any such consolidation may create stronger competitors in the market overall, or leave us at a competitive disadvantage. 

We face significant competition from companies seeking to attract investors’ financial assets, including traditional and online brokerage firms, other mutual fund companies and financial institutions. We face intense competition from other asset management companies in the market. Our competitors may offer a wide range of financial products and services, at lower investment management fee, with a wider distribution network. Our competitors may receive investor referrals from their affiliates and other departments that provide other financial services. Investors may find it convenient or reassuring to use one platform, or brand to meet all their financial services needs and may choose to give their business to our competitors on that basis. In addition, we rely on our own branches or depend on distributors for the sale of our products, which may require higher investment and operating expenses as compared to our peers. This may adversely affect our market share and ability to grow our business. 

Increased competition may result either in a decrease in AUM market share, or force us to reduce our management fees so as to preserve such market share, either of which would decrease our revenue from operations. 

# **_12. Our investment management agreement and other business commitments may generally be terminated by the counter-parties on little or no notice, making our future client and revenue base unpredictable._** 

Almost all of our management fee income is derived from our role as asset manager of the Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund (administered by Aditya Birla Sun Life Trustee Company Private Limited). Therefore, the future and prospects of our business are reliant to a significant extent on maintaining that role. Our investment management agreement with Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund may be terminated by Aditya Birla Sun Life Trustee Company Private Limited, subject to prior approval of the SEBI and unit-holders, by providing a prior written notice to us of not less than 180 days and for reasons which include, _inter alia,_ (i) if our Company becomes insolvent and going into liquidation or otherwise ceasing to exist, (ii) if our Company commits a material breach of its obligations under the investment management agreement, (iii) if our Company is found guilty of serious misconduct, acting fraudulently or being grossly negligent in performing its duties under the investment management agreement or the SEBI Mutual Fund Regulations and (iv) the mutual fund itself coming to an end or being dissolved or wound up by a court or in any other manner prescribed under law. Our appointment as the asset manager of the Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund can be terminated by the trustee company or with the approval of 75% of the unit-holders of our schemes under the SEBI Mutual Fund Regulations. The termination of our investment management agreement with Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund would have a significant adverse effect on our revenues, such that our business may not be able to continue. Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund (through its trustee company) may also elect to renegotiate the fees we are permitted to charge under the agreement, which could adversely affect our management fees and revenues. 

Further, clients to whom we provide investment advisory services and portfolio management services may terminate their investment advisory agreements/ portfolio management agreements with us without assigning any reason by giving us prior written notice ranging from three to 90 days. Were such investment advisory agreements to which a significant amount of AUM and/or revenue relate, individually or in the aggregate, to be terminated, there could be a significant decrease in AUM managed by us and our revenues. Our portfolio management services clients may also significantly decrease the value of their investment in our funds and may choose to divert their funds to other asset managers. 

**_13. We may not be able to attract and retain senior investment professionals and other personnel._** 

Our performance depends largely on the efforts and abilities of our senior management and other key personnel, particularly our chief executive officer, our chief investment officers, our fund managers and our other investment professionals. However, we cannot assure you that these individuals or any other members of our senior management 

33 

team will not leave us or join a competitor or that we will be able to retain such personnel or find adequate replacements in a timely manner, or at all. During the financial year 2021, none of our Key Managerial Personnel left our Company. During the financial years 2020 and 2019, two and three of our Key Managerial Personnel, respectively, left our Company, representing an attrition rate (defined as the number of Key Managerial Personnel that have left our Company during the specified year divided by the average of the opening and closing number of Key Managerial Personnel in such year) of 12.50% and 16.67%, respectively. See also “ _Our Management – Key Managerial Personnel_ ” beginning on page 195. In addition, during the financial years 2021, 2020 and 2019, two, one and one of our fund managers, respectively, left our Company, representing an attrition rate (defined as the number of fund managers that have left our Company during the specified year divided by the average of the opening and closing number of fund managers in such year) of 12.90%, 6.25% and 6.25%, respectively. Any such loss or vacancy could affect our operations, increase expenses or lead to a decline in performance of the funds advised by us, or damage our reputation and therefore the attractiveness of our products to investors. 

Further, competition for professionals with the necessary experience, reputation and relationships in our industry is intense and we may not be successful in recruiting and retaining the required personnel that perform critical functions in our Company. In addition, our investment professionals and senior sales and investor service personnel have direct contact with our investors and certain distributors. If such personnel were to leave, they may seek to solicit our investors after termination of their employment, and therefore the loss of these personnel could also create a risk that we lose AUM. 

Further, SEBI has recently directed that (effective from October 1, 2021) a part of compensation of the key employees of an asset management company is required to be paid in the form of units of the scheme(s) as per the specified thresholds. We may be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting employees that our business requires. Such increases would increase our expenses, which without an equivalent increase in revenues, would reduce our profit after tax. 

**_14. We are dependent on the strength of our brand and reputation, as well as the brand and reputation of other Aditya Birla group entities and Sun Life group entities._** 

Our revenue, results of operation, business and prospects are, to a certain extent, dependent on the strength of our brand and reputation, as well as the brand and reputation of our Promoters, Aditya Birla Capital Limited and Sun Life AMC and entities in the Aditya Birla and Sun Life groups. While we have a well-recognized brand, we may be vulnerable to adverse market and customer perception, particularly in an industry where integrity, trust and customer confidence are paramount. We are exposed to the risk that litigation, misconduct, operational failure, adverse publicity (including through social media) or press speculation could adversely affect our brand and reputation. Our reputation could also be affected if our schemes, products or services do not perform as expected, whether or not the expectations are founded. In addition, our reputation could be affected by the conduct or performance of third parties over which we have no control, such as other entities that are part of the Aditya Birla and Sun Life groups. 

We are permitted to use certain word marks, trade logos and domain names including ‘Aditya Birla Capital’, and logos thereof by ABCL under the terms of a trademark license agreement dated February 20, 2018. The license with ABCL is a royalty free, non-exclusive, non-assignable and non-transferable. ABCL has the right to terminate the agreement with immediate effect, upon occurrence of certain events, including, resolution passed by our Company to voluntary wind-up, or our Company is adjudicated to be bankrupt or is taken into liquidation. We have also entered into a name license agreement dated May 19, 1999 with Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada pursuant to which our Company has been granted a non-transferable and non-exclusive right and license to use the letters “Sun Life” as part of its corporate name and trade name in India. Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada has the right to terminate the agreement upon occurrence of certain events of default, including, our Company’s breach of the terms and conditions of the agreement and failure to rectify such breach and winding up. 

We may also be exposed to adverse publicity relating to the investment industry as a whole. An incident related to us, or the conduct of a competitor unrelated to us may taint the reputation of the industry as a whole and may affect the perception of customers and the attitude of market regulators. Further, adverse publicity may result in greater regulatory scrutiny of our operations and of the industry generally. If we are unable to maintain our brand name and our reputation, or there is reputational harm to other Aditya Birla or Sun Life group entities, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

**_15. We have certain contingent liabilities, which, if they materialize, may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

The following table sets forth certain information relating to our contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37, as of June 30, 2021: 

34 

||_(₹ in millions)_|
|---|---|
||**As of June 30, 2021**|
|Claims against us not acknowledged as debts in respect of:||
|Income tax matters|328.43|
|Other matters|8.42|



If a significant portion of these liabilities materialize, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. For details of our contingent liabilities as of June 30, 2021, as per Ind AS 37, see “ _Financial Statements – Contingent Liabilities_ ” on page 242. 

# **_16. The regulatory environment in which we operate is subject to change._** 

The regulatory environment in which we operate has undergone significant changes in the recent past. The requirements imposed by regulators are designed to ensure the integrity of the financial markets and to protect customers and other third parties who deal with us. At times, these regulations serve to limit our activities and/or increase our costs, including through customer protection and market conduct requirements. For example, under the SEBI Mutual Funds Regulations, in certain circumstances, an asset management company is not permitted to undertake business activities other than in the nature of management and advisory services provided to pooled assets, including offshore funds, insurance funds, pension funds, provident funds, or such categories of foreign portfolio investor subject to such conditions, as maybe specified by SEBI from time to time, if any of such activities are not in conflict with the activities of the mutual fund. In view of such restrictions, we may not be in a position to offer our investment management and advisory services to offshore funds/pooled assets which are akin to mutual funds. Additionally, while, undertaking such business activities, we are required to ensure, among other things, that (i) the bank and securities accounts are segregated activity wise; (ii) there is no conflict of interest with the activities of the mutual fund; (iii) there exists a system to prohibit access to insider information; and (iv) interests of the customers of the scheme are protected at all times. 

New laws or regulations, changes (including increasing strictness) in the enforcement of existing laws or regulations, or any consequent penalties, applicable to us, our employees and our customers may adversely affect our business. Our ability to function in this environment will depend on our ability to constantly monitor and promptly react to legislative and regulatory changes. Further, as of June 30, 2021, we employed 1,312 personnel, of which 1,002 were permanent employees, and we are required to comply with various statutory requirements in relation to payment of gratuity, minimum wages, employee state insurance and provident fund payments. Changes in the compensation requirements for our employees may increase our costs or otherwise negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Regulatory changes may have an adverse effect on our business as a whole. For example, on October 6, 2017, SEBI issued a circular, later amended on December 4, 2017 and further amended on September 11, 2020 (the “ **SEBI Categorisation Circular** ”), which categorized and rationalized mutual fund schemes into five groups (equity, debt, hybrid, solution-oriented and other schemes) in order to enable customers to better evaluate the different options available and take informed decisions to invest. Pursuant to the SEBI Categorisation Circular, subject to a few limited exceptions, only one scheme per category is permitted to continue to exist or be launched by a mutual fund, with certain exceptions and asset management companies were required to analyze their existing open-ended schemes and submit proposals for merging, winding-up or changing the fundamental attributes of their funds to SEBI. Further, SEBI has, by its circular dated September 11, 2020, partially modified the scheme characteristics of multi cap funds, and directed that multi cap funds shall invest a minimum of 75% of their total assets in equity and equity related instruments, such that a minimum of 25% of their total assets are allocated to equity and equity related instruments of each of large cap companies, mid cap companies and small cap companies, respectively. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, SEBI has approved the categorization of all our schemes. 

SEBI has recently introduced changes to the gross exposure limits, investment pattern, procedure for changes in control of an AMC, process and procedure to be followed for change in the sponsors. SEBI has also issued a circular later modified on March 22, 2021 with respect to investments in debt instruments with special features such as subordination to equity (absorbs losses before equity capital) and /or convertible to equity upon trigger of a pre-specified event for loss absorption. Such debt instruments include additional Tier I bonds and Tier 2 bonds issued under Basel III framework. These circulars prescribe (a) exposure limits that mutual funds and its schemes can have in such bonds, (b) prescribes that debt schemes that have investments or provisions to invest in such instruments are required to ensure that the scheme information document of such schemes have provisions for segregated portfolios and (c) guidelines with respect to valuations of perpetual bonds. SEBI has also issued a circular clarifying that mutual funds shall not write options, or purchase instruments with embedded written options in goods or on commodity futures. SEBI has also by way of its circular approved setting up of limited purpose clearing corporations (“ **LPCC** ”) by asset management companies for clearing and settling repo transactions in corporate debt securities. The circular provides that asset management companies shall contribute an amount of ₹1,500 million towards the share capital of such LPCC in proportion to the AUM of open ended debt oriented mutual fund schemes (excluding overnight, gilt fund and gilt 

35 

fund with 10 years constant duration but including conservative hybrid schemes) managed by the asset management companies. 

Further, SEBI has approved the issuance of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Portfolio Managers) Regulations, 2020 to replace the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Portfolio Managers) Regulations, 1993, which introduced requirements such as heightened eligibility and net-worth criteria for portfolio managers, increased minimum investment limits for investors, restrictions on off-market transfers and restricting investments by discretionary portfolio managers to listed securities. 

Our ability to function in this environment will depend on our ability to constantly monitor and promptly react to legislative and regulatory changes. For further details, please see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” beginning on page 161. 

**_17. Reductions of the expense limits prescribed under SEBI regulations may impact our profitability and cause us to decrease marketing and other efforts on behalf of the funds._** 

Pursuant to SEBI Mutual Fund Regulations, all mutual fund scheme expenses (other than those specifically mentioned in the SEBI Mutual Funds Regulations, are required to be fully borne by the asset management company, trustee or the sponsors) must be borne by the scheme itself rather than the asset management company. 

SEBI also prescribes the upper limits with respect to the total expense ratio (which excludes the issue or redemption expenses, whether initially borne by the mutual fund or by the asset management company, but includes the investment management and advisory fee) for (a) fund of funds, (b) index fund scheme or exchange traded fund (c) open ended schemes and (d) close ended and interval schemes. 

From time to time these TER limits may be reviewed and revised. For example, with effect from April 1, 2019, TERs for open-ended equity-oriented schemes were reduced from a range (depending on AUM) of 2.5% to 1.75% to the current range of 2.25% to 1.05%. There is a possibility that TER limits may be reduced further in the future. 

Any failure to maintain costs for our schemes is likely to reduce the amount of management fees we are able to charge such schemes in compliance with the prescribed TER limits. Further reductions in prescribed TER limits may reduce our revenues and profits and may cause us to decrease our general marketing efforts on behalf of our funds, which could adversely affect our AUM and overall demand for the services we offer. 

# **_18. We are subject to certain risks and challenges specific to the Indian mutual fund industry._** 

Our operations are affected by certain risks and challenges faced by the Indian mutual fund industry as a whole. According to the CRISIL Report, India’s mutual fund penetration (15%) is significantly lower than the world average (75%) and also lower than many developed economies such as the United States (140%), Canada (98%), France (98%) and the UK (78%) and key emerging economies such as Brazil (81%) and South Africa (62%) (figures represent mutual fund AUM as a percentage of GDP as of 2020, according to the CRISIL Report). Further, the ratio of the equity mutual fund AUM to GDP in India is considerably low at 6% compared with 89% in the United States, 78% in Canada, 50% in the United Kingdom, and 30% in Brazil, as of 2020. We are also subject to political instability in India or regions across the globe, and any harsh protectionist measures by larger economies, or faster-than-required tightening of monetary policy could impact growth and global trade. See also “ _– External Risk Factors – Risks Related to India – Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._ ” on page 47. 

In addition, according to the CRISIL Report, low financial literacy and the lack of awareness is likely to continue to hinder the mutual funds industry from capitalizing on the full potential of the Indian economy if not addressed. Further, according to the CRISIL Report, expanding into the B-30 markets will require substantial investments in marketing and distribution, which will exert pressure on profit margins of fund houses and, as the SEBI’s recent reductions in TERs have made sourcing of new business from retail investors more challenging, AMCs will need to focus on developing alternative sourcing strategies and improving distributor management. In addition, in India, a stamp duty of 0.005% is charged on all mutual fund purchases as of July 1, 2020. According to the CRISIL Report, this is expected to have an impact on large corporates, which mostly put their money in liquid funds for shorter periods. For further details, see “ _Industry Overview – Mutual Fund Industry Overview – Key Risks and Challenges_ ” on pages 101-102. 

Our performance will depend on our ability to manage these risks and challenges adequately. In the event that we are unable to do so, or if the factors and conditions affecting the Indian mutual fund industry worsen, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

**_19. We are required to prioritize the interests of the unitholders of our schemes, which could conflict with the interests of our shareholders and could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows._** 

36 

Pursuant to the SEBI Mutual Fund Regulations, we are required to avoid conflicts of interest in managing the affairs of our mutual fund schemes and prioritize the interests of the unitholders of such schemes. Accordingly, in the event of any conflicts arising between the interests of our shareholders and the interests of the unitholders of our schemes, we are required to prioritize the interests of the latter. We cannot assure you that, going forward, actions that we may take that we believe are in the best interests of our unitholders would not conflict with the interests of our shareholders and would not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_20. We require a number of approvals, licenses, registrations and permits for our operations and any inability to obtain such approvals may adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

We require several statutory and regulatory permits, licenses and approvals to operate our business. Many of these approvals are granted for fixed periods of time and need renewal from time to time. We cannot assure you that the relevant authorities will issue any or all requisite permits or approvals in the timeframe anticipated by us, or at all. If such permits and licenses were not renewed, our business operations and reputation may be adversely affected. Further, some of our permits, licenses and approvals are subject to several conditions and we cannot assure you that we will be able to continuously meet such conditions or be able to prove compliance with such conditions to the statutory authorities, which may lead to the cancellation, revocation or suspension of relevant permits, licenses or approvals. For instance, the approval to act as a portfolio manager, granted to our Company by SEBI, is subject to the condition that we shall take adequate steps to resolve the investor grievances within one month from the date of receipt of such complaint. We are also obligated to keep SEBI informed on a continuous basis about the number, nature and other particulars of any complaints received. Any failure by us to apply in time, to renew, maintain or obtain the required permits, licenses or approvals, or the cancellation, suspension or revocation of any of the permits, licenses or approvals may result in the interruption of our operations or regulatory actions. For further details, please see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” and “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” beginning on pages 161 and 295, respectively, of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_21. There are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company, one of the schemes managed by our Company, and ABCL (one of our Promoters) that, if determined against them, could adversely impact our reputation and may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

We are involved in legal proceedings in our ordinary course of business, which are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and statutory, regulatory and other judicial authorities in India, and, if determined adversely, could adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We can give no assurance that these legal proceedings will be decided favorably or that no further liability may arise from these claims in the future. 

The summary of outstanding matters set out below includes details of criminal proceedings, tax proceedings, statutory and regulatory actions and other material pending litigation involving our Company, one of the schemes managed by our Company, and ABCL (one of our Promoters), as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments”_ beginning on page 290. 

|**Types of proceedings**|**Number of cases**|**Amount (in ₹ million)**|
|---|---|---|
|**_Litigation involving Aditya Birla Real Estate Fund (“ABREF”) one_**<br>**_Company is representing ABREF as its investment manager_**|**_of the schemes managed by o_**|**_ur Company in which our_**|
|Criminal cases|2|2,500.00*|
|Material civil litigation above the materiality threshold|1|219.83|
|**_Litigation against our Company_**|||
|Direct taxproceedingsinvolving ourCompany|11|72.77|
|**_Litigation against our Directors_**|||
|Criminalproceedings|9|–|
|**_Litigation against ABCL (one of our Promoters)_**|||
|Direct tax proceedings involving ABCL|1|1|



_*To the extent ascertainable._ 

These matters may not be settled in our favor and further liability may arise from them. Any adverse orders that may be issued in any such ongoing or other potential litigation could impact our operations and financial results. Damages awarded under Indian law and by Indian courts may vary depending on the facts of the case. Our insurance coverage and any available indemnities may be inadequate. If any current or future cases are not resolved in our favor, and if our insurance coverage and any applicable indemnity is insufficient to cover the damages awarded, we may be required to make substantial payments or to modify or restrict our operations, any of which could have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. 

Our Company has made provisioning for the probable liabilities arising out of direct tax matters as set out in “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” beginning on page 290. Further, our Company has disclosed the following amount as contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37, as of June 30, 2021: 

37 

|**Particular**|_(₹ in million)_<br>**As ofJune 30, 2021**|
|---|---|
|Claims against us not acknowledged as debts in respect of:||
|Income tax matters|328.43|
|Other matters|8.42|



As an asset management company, we have fiduciary duties to our investors. If our investors suffer significant losses, or are otherwise dissatisfied with our services, we could be subject to legal liabilities and actions alleging negligent misconduct, breach of a fiduciary duty and breach of contract. These risks are often difficult to assess or quantify and their existence and magnitude often remain unknown for substantial periods of time. We may incur significant legal expenses in defending against litigation. Substantial legal liability or significant regulatory action against us may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results. Involvement in such proceedings or any future litigation could also divert our management’s time and attention and consume financial resources. Further, an adverse judgment in these proceedings could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Any new developments, such as a change in Indian law or rulings against us by appellate courts or tribunals, may require that we make provisions in our financial accounts, which could increase our reported expenses and our liabilities. Any provisions we have made for litigation may not be sufficient and further substantial litigation may be brought against us in the future. Legal cases in courts or tribunals often take a long time to be decided. For further details on the above matters, see the section titled “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ”, beginning on page 290. 

**_22. Data privacy laws, rules and regulations and the potential loss or misuse of customer data could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Regulators in various jurisdictions are increasingly scrutinizing how companies collect, process, use, store, share and transmit personal data. This increased scrutiny may result in new interpretations of existing laws, thereby further impacting our business. In India, the Supreme Court, in a judgment delivered on August 24, 2017, has held that the right to privacy is a fundamental right. Following this judgment, the Government of India is considering enactment of Personal Data Protection Bill, 2019 (“ **Data Protection Bill** ”) for implementing organizational and technical measures in processing personal data and lays down norms for cross-border transfer of personal data and to ensure the accountability of entities processing personal data. The enactment of the Data Protection Bill may introduce stricter data protection norms and could require our Company to undertake additional processes which may divert management’s time and attention. 

We maintain significant amounts of highly sensitive investor data (both offline and online) and are subject to data privacy laws, rules and regulations that regulate the use of customer data. Despite the security measures we have put in place, there remains a risk that such data could be lost and/or misused as a result of an intentional or unintentional act by internal or external parties (including by the third-party service providers we engage), including cyber threats such as phishing and Trojans-targeting our investors, hacking and data theft. For example, in January 2021, an agent at one of our outsourced contact centers misused certain confidential investor data to execute switch transactions in certain of our equity schemes. Upon further investigation, we discovered that the agent possessed an ARN code which was not properly disclosed to us or the contact center. The unauthorized switch transactions have been reversed and we are in the process of recovering the financial impact on the schemes, which is estimated to amount to only ₹227,000 or less, from the contact center. Any security breach, data theft, unauthorized access, unauthorized usage, virus or similar breach or disruption could result in loss or disclosure of confidential information, and any actual or perceived concerns that our systems may be vulnerable to such attacks or disruptions may deter our customers from using services and cause negative publicity. Any such loss or misuse of customer data could result in increased regulatory scrutiny, fines, the need to compensate customers, remediation costs and have an adverse effect on our reputation. 

Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, including those related to privacy, data protection, information security, or consumer protection-related privacy laws and regulations, could result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or individuals, subject us to fines, penalties, and/or judgments, or otherwise adversely affect our business and reputation. 

**_23. Our failure to comply with anti-money laundering, insider trading, anti-terrorist financing rules, regulations, circulars and guidelines applicable to us issued by regulatory and government authorities could result in criminal and regulatory fines and reputational damage._** 

We are required to comply with applicable anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing laws and other regulations in India (including the Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002 and rules and regulations made thereunder, SEBI (Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices relating to Securities Market) Regulations, 2003 and SEBI (Prevention of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015). These laws and regulations require us to, among other things, 

38 

adopt and enforce KYC, anti-money laundering (“ **AML** ”) and counter-terrorism policies and procedures and report suspicious and large transactions to the applicable regulatory authorities in different jurisdictions. 

We, in the course of our operations, run the risk of failing to comply with the prescribed KYC procedures and the consequent risk of fraud and money laundering by dishonest customers despite putting in place systems and controls to prevent the occurrence of these risks as is customary in our jurisdiction. For instance, there were suspicious transactions that we reported to the Financial Intelligence Unit – India in the months of April 2018, August 2018 and March 2019. In certain of our activities and in our pursuit of business, we risk inadvertently offering our financial products and services to unsuitable customers despite our KYC and AML policies. Such incidents may result in regulatory action or requirements to invest further in our relevant systems, either of which could result in increased expenses, or in damage to our reputation which could reduce our attractiveness to investors. 

# **_24. Any failure or significant weakness of our internal processes or systems could cause operational errors or incidents of fraud, which would adversely affect our business and reputation._** 

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal measures commensurate with the size and complexity of operations. Our internal audit functions make an evaluation of the adequacy and effectiveness of internal systems on an ongoing basis so that business units adhere to our policies, compliance requirements and internal guidelines. While we periodically test and update our internal processes and systems including those to monitor our employees, agents, distributors and other third parties, we are exposed to operational risks arising from the potential inadequacy or failure of internal processes or systems, and our actions may not be sufficient to ensure effective internal checks and balances in all circumstances. For example, we are subject to the risk of, and have in the past experienced, human or dealing errors during the execution of manual transactions such as “fat finger” errors made by our brokers or dealers when making bids or trades. We have generally been able to rectify such errors by executing the correct transaction immediately or by the following day as well as recover any resulting financial losses by claiming compensation from the relevant broker or dealer that made the mistake. In March 2019, we made a “fat finger” error on the NSE’s electronic bidding platform which resulted in a bid variance of approximately 100 bps (or 1%) for a particular bond bid. We detected this error and communicated it to the exchange within 10 minutes, which enabled us to successfully cancel the bid. The error did not have any financial impact on our schemes, but resulted in the exchange suspending our Company from executing primary issuance bids for a one-month period. In the last three financial years, this was the only instance that a “fat finger” error led to such a suspension. 

Our management information systems and internal procedures that are designed to monitor our operations and overall compliance may not identify every instance of non-compliance or every suspicious transaction. If internal system or process weaknesses are identified, our actions may not be sufficient to correct such weakness. Failures or material errors in our internal systems may lead to inaccurate financial reporting, fraud and failure of critical systems and infrastructure. While we have taken steps to reduce instances of fraud, mis-selling and other forms of misconduct by our agents, employees and distribution partners, including taking action against malpractices, conducting training programs for employees and distributors, we cannot assure you that these measures will succeed in detecting or deterring misconduct or to provide sufficient evidence to conclude investigations of misconduct. Such instances may also adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and cash flows. We cannot assure you that that we would be able to prevent frauds in the future or that our existing internal mechanisms to detect or prevent fraud will be sufficient. Any fraud discovered in the future may have an adverse effect on our business, profitability and reputation. 

# **_25. Our business operations and investor services are highly dependent on information technology._** 

Our ability to operate and remain competitive depends in part on our ability to maintain and upgrade our information technology systems and infrastructure on a timely and cost-effective basis, including our ability to process a large number of transactions on a daily basis. Our operations also rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. Our financial, accounting and other data processing systems, management information systems and our corporate website may fail to operate adequately or become disabled as a result of events beyond our control, including a disruption of electrical or telecommunications services. 

Our systemic and operational controls may not be adequate to prevent frauds, errors, hacking and system failures. Further, customer applications and interfaces, may be hacked or compromised by third parties, resulting in theft and losses to our customers and to us. Some of these cyber threats from third parties include: (a) phishing and Trojans – targeting our customers, wherein fraudsters send unsolicited mails to our customers seeking account sensitive information or to infect customer machines to search and attempt ex-filtration of account sensitive information; (b) hacking – wherein attackers seek to hack into our website with the primary intention of causing reputational damage to us by disrupting services; (c) data theft – wherein cyber criminals may attempt to intrude into our network with the intention of stealing our data or information; (d) ransomware – a malware which threatens to block or publish data unless a ransom is paid and (e) advanced persistency threat – network attack in which an unauthorized person gains access to our network and remains undetected for a long period of time. In addition, due to the recent social distancing 

39 

measures and the lockdown imposed by the government, there has been a recent increase in electronic transactions which increases the risk of cyber-attacks. Further, pursuant to SEBI circular dated April 11, 2019, our Company is required to have a system audit conducted by an independent qualified certified information systems auditor/certified information security manager or equivalent auditor annually in relation to front office system with the back office system, fund accounting system for calculation of net asset values, financial accounting and reporting system, unitholder administration and servicing systems for customer service, funds flow process, system processes for meeting regulatory requirements, prudential investment limits and access rights to systems interface. In the past, such system auditors have identified certain errors and observations. 

If any of these systems (or their back-up systems and procedures) do not function properly or are disabled, we could suffer financial loss under contracts for service provision, business disruption, liability to investors, regulatory intervention or damage to our reputation. We cannot assure you that a failure will not occur, or that back-up procedures and capabilities in the event of any such failure or interruption will be adequate. 

**_26. We significantly depend on the services provided by certain third parties for our operations. Any deficiency or interruption in their services could adversely affect our business operations and reputation._** 

We engage third party service providers from time to time for services including unit administration, fund accounting, custodians, settlement of securities, payment gateways, information technology and call center services subject to applicable regulations. We also rely on third-party custodians for settling trades. Any failure by a custodian to execute trade in a timely and efficient manner may affect our reputation and business. In the event any of these third parties were to terminate their contractual relationships with us or fail to provide the agreed services to us for any reason, our business, results of operations and cash flows may be materially disrupted and we may be held liable legally or suffer reputational damage on account of any deficiency of services on the part of such service providers. In addition, if the third-party service providers are subject to data breaches which have the effect of any leaks in customer or operational data, mismanage customer interface, or fail to operate or comply with applicable regulations or governance standards, we could suffer reputational harm and may be subjected to regulatory actions. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in continuing to receive uninterrupted and quality services from our third party service providers. Any disruption or inefficiency in the services provided by our third party service providers could interrupt our business operations and damage our reputation. 

**_27. We may introduce new products for our customers and we cannot assure you that such products will be profitable in the future._** 

We introduce new products and services in our existing lines of business. We may incur costs to expand our range of products and cannot guarantee that such new products will be successful once offered. Such failure may be due to factors outside of our control, such as general economic conditions, competition, changing customer demands, or our own errors in judgment of customer demands and product features. Several products that we launch may also require prior approval from SEBI, which we may not obtain in a timely manner, or at all. If we fail to develop and launch these products successfully, we may lose a part or all of the costs incurred in development and promotion or discontinue these products entirely, which could in turn increase our expenses without a corresponding increase in revenue. 

# **_28. We undertake certain business operations outside of India which are subject to risks._** 

We currently provide certain advisory services to clients outside of India, through our Subsidiaries. Operating in such jurisdictions presents difficulties and risks that are different from those we face in India and our ability to effectively manage such risks may be limited. We face additional risks including: 

- operations in such jurisdictions are subject to different competitive environments and regulatory regimes; and 

- the customer base in such jurisdictions that may be interested in investment in Indian securities is more limited than in India. 

Therefore we may not be able to grow our business outside of India at the same rate as we grow our domestic business, or at all, and it is possible that we find it difficult to maintain our operations in such jurisdictions. 

**_29. We may need additional capital in the future, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain such capital on acceptable terms, or at all._** 

We may require additional capital in the future in order for us to maintain our net worth and capital adequacy requirements, remain competitive, pay operating expenses, meet our liquidity needs and offer new products and services. Our ability to obtain additional capital from external sources in the future is subject to a variety of factors, including our future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows; our ability to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals on a timely basis; any tightening of credit markets and general market conditions for raising debt and equity; and economic, political and social conditions in the geographical markets in which we operate and 

40 

elsewhere. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain additional capital in a timely manner and on acceptable terms, or at all. Future debt financing could include terms that restrict our financial flexibility or restrict our ability to manage our business freely. Further, the terms and amount of any additional capital raised through issuances of equity securities may result in significant dilution to our shareholders’ equity interests. 

**_30. Our operations could be adversely affected by strikes or increased wage demands by our employees or any other kind of disputes with our employees._** 

As of June 30, 2021, we employed 1,312 personnel, of which 1,002 were permanent employees, across our operations. Although we have not experienced any material employee disputes in the past, we cannot assure you that we will not experience disruptions in work due to disputes or other problems with our work force, which may adversely affect our ability to continue our business operations. Any employee unrest directed against us, could directly or indirectly prevent or hinder our normal operating activities, and, if not resolved in a timely manner, could lead to disruptions in our operations. These actions are impossible for us to predict or control and any such event could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

**_31. Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or may not adequately protect us against all material hazards, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

We believe that the insurance coverage we maintain is reasonably adequate to cover the normal risks associated with the operation of our businesses. However, we cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honored fully, in part or on time, or that we have obtained sufficient insurance to cover all potential losses. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, or at acceptable cost, or at all. As of June 30, 2021, the written down value of our total tangible assets was ₹105.26 million. As of such date, we had taken insurance coverage on our assets amounting to ₹628.65 million, which represented 597.23% of the written down value of our total tangible assets. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage, or successful assertion of one or more large claims against us for events for which we are not insured, or for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, or which is not covered by insurance, exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

**_32. We have in the past entered into related-party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the equity shareholders._** 

We have entered into various transactions with related parties. While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, in accordance with our related party transactions policy and contain commercially reasonable terms, we cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favorable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. It is likely that we may enter into related party transactions in the future. Although all related party transactions that we may enter into post-listing, will be subject to board or shareholder approval, as necessary under the Companies Act and the Listing Regulations, in the interest of the Company and its minority shareholders and in compliance with the Listing Regulations, we cannot assure you that such future transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows or that we could not have achieved more favorable terms if such transactions had not been entered into with related parties. 

The following table sets forth a summary of the related-party transactions we entered into, as per Ind AS 24 read with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, during the periods indicated: 

||**For the Thre**<br>**Ended Ju**|**e Months**<br>**ne 30,**|**For the Fi**<br>|**nancial Year**<br>**March 31,**|**s Ended**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**2021**|**2020**|**2021**|**2020**|**2019**|
|||**_(₹ in millions_**|**_, except perc_**|**_entages)_**||
|Dividend income|–|–|–|–|53.12|
|Expenses:||||||
|<br>Fees & Commission|2.15|2.05|8.86|4.84|12.77|
|Contribution to Group Mediclaim/Insurance<br>Premium/Gratuity|–|2.56|39.61|48.69|46.00|
|<br>Business Promotion Expenses|34.30|117.36|209.27|167.35|212.49|
|<br>Rent|1.59|3.45|12.29|15.21|10.71|
|Telephone & Internet|–|–|–|–|0.72|
|<br>Advisory Services|2.89|2.98|17.48|8.41|–|
|<br>Software & Technology Expenses|8.27|6.38|27.60|–|–|
|Employee Benefit Expenses|–|–|0.07|–|–|



41 

||**For the Thre**<br>**Ended Ju**<br>|**e Months**<br>**ne 30,**<br>|**For the Fi**<br>|**nancial Yea**<br>**March 31,**<br>|**rs Ended**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**2021**|**2020**|**2021**|**2020**|**2019**|
||<br>|**_(₹ in million_**<br>|**_s, except per_**<br>|**_centages)_**<br>||
|Reimbursements of Costs Paid|146.68|139.00|524.65|702.55|794.07|
|Reimbursements of Costs Received|1.91|0.11|3.28|3.64|23.74|
|Managerial Remuneration|24.19|9.37|55.03|60.55|189.14|
|Director’s Sitting Fees|1.00|0.46|2.18|2.29|2.74|
|Interim Dividend Paid|705.60|–|1,400.04|3,300.00|3,000.00|
|CSR Contribution|–|–|106.20|–|–|
|Sale of Fixed Assets|–|–|4.46|0.01|–|
|Purchase of Fixed Assets|–|–|1.55|–|2.17|
|Software Development (CWIP/Capitalized –<br>Intangible)|–|2.31|9.35|–|–|
|Deposit Paid|–|–|–|–|3.47|
|Refund of Security Deposit Received|–|–|2.52|–|–|
|**Aggregated**<br>**absolute**<br>**arithmetic**<br>**total**<br>**(including inter-company transactions) (A)**|**928.58**|**286.03**|**2,424.44**|**4,313.54**|**4,351.14**|
|**Total income (B)**|**3,362.45**|**2,607.47**|**12,058.41**|**12,347.68**|**14,072.50**|
|**Aggregated**<br>**absolute**<br>**arithmetic**<br>**total**<br>**(including inter-company transactions) to**<br>**Total income (A/B) (%)**|**27.62%**|**10.97%**|**20.11%**|**34.93%**|**30.92%**|



The above table has been derived from the table entitled “ _Summary of Related Party Transactions_ ” on pages 17-23. The above table includes certain intercompany transactions which were eliminated in our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements but have been disclosed separately in “ _Summary of the Offer Document – Summary of Related Party Transactions_ ” on pages 17-23. For further details of our related-party transactions, see “ _Related-Party Transactions_ ” on page 268. 

**_33. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. Additionally, our ability to pay dividends may also be restricted by the terms of financing arrangements that we may enter into. Dividends distributed by us may also attract taxes at rates applicable from time to time. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. For further details, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 212. 

**_34. We may engage in strategic transactions and other business combinations that are subject to risks and may adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We may pursue potential strategic transactions and other business opportunities, including acquisitions, consolidations, joint ventures or similar transactions in the future. Our ability to achieve benefits from such transactions will depend in large part upon whether we are able to integrate the acquired businesses with our Company in an efficient and effective manner. The integration and the achievement of synergies requires, among other things, coordination of business development and employee retention, hiring and training policies, as well as the alignment of products, sales and marketing operations, compliance and control procedures, and information and software systems. Any difficulties encountered in combining operations could result in higher integration costs and lower savings than expected. The failure to successfully integrate an acquired business or the inability to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions could significantly increase our expenses, which, without a commensurate increase in total revenue, would lead to a decrease in net revenue. In addition, acquired businesses may have unknown or contingent liabilities, including liabilities for failure to comply with relevant laws and regulations, and we may become liable for the past activities of such businesses. 

**_35. Statistical and industry data in this document is derived from the CRISIL Report commissioned by us for such purpose for an agreed fee._** 

The industry-related information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus is derived from the CRISIL Report dated September 2021 which has been commissioned and paid for by our Company for an agreed fee for the purposes of confirming our understanding of the industry exclusively in connection with the Offer. We officially engaged CRISIL 

42 

Research, a division of CRISIL Limited, in connection with the preparation of the CRISIL Report on March 24, 2021. The report use certain methodologies for market sizing and forecasting. While we believe such information to be true, we cannot assure you that such information is complete or reliable. Accordingly, investors should read the industry related disclosure in this Red Herring Prospectus in this context. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. While industry sources take due care and caution while preparing their reports, they do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the data. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on or base their investment decision solely on this information. 

**_36. We have used the term “non-bank affiliated AMC” in this Red Herring Prospectus which may not be considered a common terminology for classification of AMCs in reference to our industry._** 

The industry that we operate in comprises different participants including bank-affiliated AMCs and non-bank affiliated AMCs. The term “non-bank affiliated AMC” refers to an AMC that does not have promoters or associate entities that are banks or which are not otherwise related to a bank entity. 

We believe that AMCs that are affiliated with banks typically benefit from their distribution network of bank branches for marketing and distribution of their mutual fund products and therefore, such bank affiliated AMCs may have an advantage over other non-bank affiliated AMCs like us in this regard. However, you should note that the term “nonbank affiliated AMC” may not be considered common classification terminology used in reference to our industry and the investors should not rely upon such classification to make their investment decision. 

**_37. We may be subject to pressures to reduce our investment management fees or portfolio management fees or fees from advisory services, which could reduce our revenue and profitability._** 

Asset management/advisory fees tend to be low for Government-sponsored business, institutional customers managed under the portfolio management services and/or investment management and advisory services. We may encounter fee pressure as a result of the competitive pressures of the market. In order for us to maintain our fee structure in a competitive environment, we must be able to provide customers with superior investment returns and service that will encourage them to be willing to pay our fees. However, we may not be able to maintain our current fee structure, which may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

**_38. Our Company has not utilized the full amounts earmarked towards corporate social responsibility activities._** 

During the financial years 2021, 2020 and 2019, we had earmarked an aggregate amount of ₹106.29 million, ₹86.90 million and ₹69.91 million, respectively, for corporate social responsibility (“ **CSR** ”) activities to be undertaken. During the financial years 2021, 2020 and 2019, our CSR expenditure incurred amounted to ₹106.29 million, ₹86.90 million and ₹69.90 million, respectively. As such, during the financial year 2019, we did not utilize ₹0.01 million of the earmarked amount for CSR activities and therefore spent less than the prescribed amount under the Companies Act for CSR activities. Although we have increased our focus on utilizing funds earmarked for CSR activities, we cannot assure you that we will be able to spend the amounts earmarked for CSR activities in the future. 

**_39. Certain of our Directors and Key Management Personnel may be interested in our Company other than remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Certain of our Directors and Key Management Personnel are interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses, to the extent of their shareholding, direct and indirect, and stock options in our Company and benefits arising therefrom. Our Chairman, Kumar Mangalam Birla, holds 160 Equity Shares in our Company. Further, our Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, A Balasubramanian and our Chief Financial Officer, Parag Joglekar hold 416 Equity Shares and 512 Equity Shares, respectively, in our Company as nominees of our Promoter, ABCL. Further, pursuant to the ESOP Scheme, our Key Managerial Personnel have been granted employee stock options and restricted stock units. For further details, see “ _Capital Structure – Notes to Capital Structure – Employee Stock Option Scheme_ ” on pages 76-78, and “ _Our Management – Interests of our Director_ ” on page 187. Our Promoters are also interested in our Company to the extent of their shareholding in our Company and any benefits arising therefrom. Some of our Directors may also be interested to the extent of any transaction entered into by our Company with any other company/firm/entity in which they are director/promoter/partner. For further details, see “ _Our Promoter and Promoter Group – Interests of our Promoters_ ” on page 201. 

**_40. Our Promoters are selling Equity Shares in the Offer and will receive proceeds as part of the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer is an offer for sale of up to 38,880,000 Equity Shares by our Promoters. The proceeds from the Offer will be paid to the Promoters pursuant to the Offer, and we will not receive any such proceeds. For further details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” and “ _Capital Structure_ ” beginning on pages 79 and 68, respectively. 

43 

**_41. We do not own our branch offices, including our registered office and corporate office. Any termination or failure by us to renew the lease/ leave and license agreements in a favorable and timely manner, or at all, could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our branch offices including our registered office and corporate office are located on leased or licensed premises. The lease agreements can be terminated, and any such termination could result in any of our offices being shifted or shut down. Some of the lease/ leave and license agreements may have expired in the ordinary course of business and we are currently involved in negotiations for the renewal of these lease/ leave and license agreements. While we have not faced major issues renewing the leases of our offices in the past, if these lease/ leave and license agreements are not renewed or not renewed on terms favorable to us, we may suffer a disruption in our operations or increased costs, or both, which may affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_42. Our Company is currently set up as a joint venture between ABCL and Sun Life AMC. ABCL and Sun Life AMC will continue to significantly influence our Company after completion of the Offer._** 

ABCL (together with its nominees) and Sun Life AMC currently hold 146,879,680 and 141,120,000 of our Equity Shares, respectively, representing approximately 51% and 49%, respectively, of the pre-Offer equity share capital of our Company. Pursuant to the Articles of Association and upon receipt of approval by the shareholders of our Company by way of a special resolution in a general meeting after listing, ABCL shall have the right to nominate (i) two Directors if its shareholding in our Company is 26% or more but less than 30% and (ii) three Directors if its shareholding in our Company is 30% or more. Similarly, Sun Life AMC will have the right to nominate (i) one Director if its shareholding in our Company is 26% or more but less than 30%; and (ii) two Directors if its shareholding in our Company is 30% or more. Subject to Indian law and the shareholding thresholds as above, ABCL’s right to nominate a Director and as the Chairman of our Company and of our Board shall mean to include the right available to our Promoter Group, other than those forming part of the Sun Life Group. ABCL and Sun Life AMC have also agreed on certain inter-se rights that shall come into effect upon the listing of our Equity Shares. For details, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters – Key terms of all subsisting shareholders agreements_ ” on pages 174-177. 

Further, ABCL and Sun Life Financial Inc., the ultimate holding company of Sun Life AMC, are both listed companies. To the extent that business or financial information relating to our Company can be derived from the annual or other public reports of ABCL and/or Sun Life Financial Inc. prepared in the ordinary course or filings made with the relevant stock exchanges in accordance with applicable standards and requirements for listed company disclosure, investors are reminded that such information has not been and will not be prepared for purposes of this Offer and does not form a part of this Red Herring Prospectus or the Prospectus. Any investment decision in connection with the Offer must be taken only on the basis of the information in this Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus. 

**_43. Our Promoters, ABCL and Sun Life AMC, have agreed to certain inter-se arrangements that shall come into effect upon the listing of our Equity Shares. ABCL and Sun Life AMC will continue to significantly influence our Company after completion of the Offer._** 

Our Promoters, ABCL and Sun Life AMC, have agreed to certain inter-se arrangements under the Restated Inter-se Agreement. These arrangements relate to: 

- (a) manner of compliance of minimum public float requirements; 

- (b) voting arrangements wherein our Promoters, subject to each holding at least 26% of the equity share capital of our Company, shall mutually agree on voting prior to casting votes on four critical matters which require Shareholders’ approval, namely in relation to (i) material change in the nature of our Company’s business / entering into new business by our Company, (ii) fundamental corporate change, including amalgamation, reorganization, dissolution, winding up, merger or liquidation of our Company, (iii) matters relating to the appointment of the chief executive officer and/or executive director, and (iv) creation of, or material changes to, any policy relating to long-term or deferred compensation plans or managements for key employees; 

- (c) certain transfer related inter-se rights, including right of first refusal and piggy-back (or tag-along) rights; 

- (d) certain restrictions to not engage in any undertaking in India which is competitive with any of the businesses carried on by our Company or its Subsidiaries until a prescribed time; and 

- (e) right of only ABCL and our Promoter Group, other than those forming part of the Sun Life Group, to nominate the Chairman of our Company and of our Board. Sun Life AMC has agreed to cause its nominee Directors on our Board and its nominee shareholders, if any, to use their voting powers to vote in favour of the appointment of a Director nominated as Chairman by ABCL/our Promoter Group, other than those forming part of the Sun Life Group. 

Such arrangements shall come into effect upon the listing of our Equity Shares. For further details, see “ _History and_ 

44 

_Certain Corporate Matters – Key terms of all subsisting shareholders agreements_ ” on page 174-177. In the event that ABCL and Sun Life AMC have disagreements in relation to the above arrangements or in complying with terms of the Inter-se Agreement, our business may be affected. Additionally, if ABCL and Sun Life AMC are unable to reach an agreement in relation to the voting arrangements listed in (b) above, our business plans, results of operations and financial condition may be affected. 

# **_44. Fluctuations in the market value of our investments could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition._** 

Fluctuations in the market values of our investments could cause us to write down the value of our assets, affect our liquidity and reduce our ability to enforce our security, which could adversely affect our result of operations and financial condition. We may not accurately identify changes in the value of our investments caused by changes in market prices, and our assessments, assumptions or estimates may prove inaccurate or not predictive of actual results. 

# **_45. Grants of stock options under our employee stock option plan may result in a charge to our profit and loss account and, to that extent, reduce our profitability and financial condition._** 

Pursuant to the resolutions passed by our Board on April 5, 2021, April 14, 2021 and September 8, 2021, and by our Shareholders on April 6, 2021, April 15, 2021 and September 8, 2021, our Company approved the ESOP Scheme for issue of employee stock options and/or restricted stock units to eligible employees, which may result in issue of not more than 4,608,000 Equity Shares. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has granted 3,232,899 employee stock options and 951,354 restricted stock units under the ESOP Scheme. Further, our Company may grant additional options and restricted stock units under ESOP Scheme in the future. Grants of stock options result in a charge to our statement of profit and loss and reduce, to that extent, our reported profits in future periods. Any issuance of the equity or equity-linked securities by us, including through exercise of employee stock options pursuant to the ESOP Scheme or any other employee stock option scheme we may implement in the future, may dilute your shareholding in the Company, adversely affecting the trading price of the Equity Shares and our ability to raise capital through an issuance of new securities. For further details in relation to the ESOP Scheme, see “ _Capital Structure – Notes to Capital Structure – Employee Stock Option Scheme_ ” beginning on page 76. 

# **_46. Some of our secretarial records are not traceable._** 

The secretarial records for certain past allotments of Equity Shares made by our Company, and changes in relation to the name of our Company, could not be traced as the relevant information was not available in the records maintained by our Company, at the MCA Portal maintained by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and the RoC, despite conducting internal searches and engaging an independent practicing company secretary to conduct the search. Further, certain form filings and certain record with respect to transfer of Equity Shares among the Shareholders of our Company are not traceable. 

The allotments include allotments of 800,000 Equity Shares on November 14, 1994, 2,799,930 Equity Shares on November 30, 1994, 2,400,000 Equity Shares on December 9, 1994, 1,750,000 Equity Shares on September 18, 1995, 7,250,000 Equity Shares on December 8, 1997 and 3,000,000 Equity Shares on May 21, 1999. 

In addition, with respect to the allotment of (a) 2,400,000 Equity Shares on December 9, 1994, (b) 700,000 Equity Shares on September 18, 1995, (c) 290,000 zero-coupon secured fully convertible debentures on August 19, 1996, (d) allotment of 290,000 Equity Shares pursuant to the conversion of zero-coupon secured fully convertible debentures on December 8, 1997, and (e) transfer of 6,000,000 Equity Shares on May 21, 1999, our Company is not able to trace the corresponding forms filed with the RBI as then required under the Foreign Exchange Regulation Act. Further, there has been a delay in reporting requirements relating to allotment of 3,000,000 Equity Shares on May 21, 1999 with the RBI. While we have responded to the queries raised by RBI, our Company is yet to receive acknowledgement from the RBI with respect to the aforesaid allotment. 

Further, with respect to the change in the name of our Company from ‘Birla Capital International AMC Limited’ to ‘Birla Sun Life Asset Management Company Limited’, we are not able to trace the shareholders’ resolution. 

While certain information in relation to the allotments and changes in relation to the change in the name of our Company has been disclosed in the sections “ _Capital Structure”_ and “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters_ ” beginning on pages 68 and 172, respectively, in this Red Herring Prospectus, based upon the details provided in the search report dated April 18, 2021, prepared by Makarand M Joshi & Co. Company Secretaries, independent practicing company secretary, and certified by their certificate dated April 19, 2021, we may not be able to furnish any further information, other than what is already disclosed in “ _Capital Structure_ ” and “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters_ ”. 

Our Company through Makarand M Joshi & Co. Company Secretaries, independent practicing company secretary, has undertaken an independent search/ inspection of (i) minutes of the board meetings and shareholders meetings, (ii) statutory registers; (iii) forms and its attachments available in the digital records maintained on the Ministry of 

45 

Corporate Affairs portal at www.mca.gov.in and (iv) physical search of the corporate records of the Company as maintained at the office of the Registrar of Companies to trace the above mentioned documents. 

While no legal proceedings or regulatory actions have been initiated against our Company in relation to untraceable secretarial and other corporate records and documents as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we cannot assure you that such legal proceedings or regulatory actions will not be initiated against our Company in future. 

# **_47. Employee fraud or misconduct could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain investors and subject us to significant legal liability and reputational harm._** 

Our business is exposed to the risk of employee misappropriation, fraud or misconduct. Misconduct by employees could involve engaging in mis-selling, misrepresentation or fraudulent, deceptive or otherwise improper activities when marketing or selling products; binding us to transactions; unauthorized activities such as insider trading; improperly using or disclosing confidential and price-sensitive information; making illegal or improper payments; falsifying documents or data; recommending products, services or transactions that are not suitable for our customers; misappropriating funds; engaging in unauthorized or excessive transactions to the detriment of our customers or not complying with applicable laws or our internal policies and procedures, which could result in regulatory sanctions against us and reputational and financial harm. For example, there has been an instance in the recent past where an employee violated the code of conduct prescribed by AMFI by not disclosing that his relative was empaneled as a distributor for our products. The employee fraudulently stamped application forms as “direct” under the AMFI registration number of his relative. We terminated the services of this employee and reported the matter to AMFI. While we strive to monitor, detect and prevent fraud and misappropriation by our employees through various internal control measures, we may be unable to adequately prevent or deter such activities in all cases. There could be instances of fraud and misconduct by our employees, which may go unnoticed for certain periods of time before corrective action is taken. Even when we identify instances of fraud and other misconduct and pursue legal recourse or file claims with our insurance carriers, we cannot assure you that we will recover any amounts lost through such fraud or other misconduct. 

In connection with our PMS business, we may typically have discretion to trade client’s assets on the clients’ behalf, as per their mandate, and we must do so by acting in the best interest of the client. Our employees are subject to a number of obligations and standards, and the violation of those obligations or standards may adversely affect our clients and us. It is not always possible to deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in all cases. 

# **_48. The mutual fund business in India may be adversely affected by changes in the present favorable tax regime._** 

Prior to the Finance Act, 2020, under the Indian income tax regime, income received by investors in respect of units held in a mutual fund was exempt from income tax, though certain mutual funds were required to pay certain additional income tax on the income distributed to their unitholders. However, the Finance Act, 2020 has amended the Income Tax Act to provide that income distributed by mutual funds after March 31, 2020 is subject to tax in the hands of the investor as per the applicable rate. Additionally, mutual funds are currently required to withhold tax at the rate of 10% on such income distributed to domestic investors, and with respect to such income distributed to non-resident investors, mutual funds are required to withhold tax at the applicable tax rates in force (which may vary depending on the relent facts and circumstances), which tax would be required to be withheld at rates in force, where such income is distributed to non-resident investors. The Government of India, in order to provide additional funds to taxpayers to deal with the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic and associated responses, has issued a press release on May 13, 2020, whereby it proposed to reduce such withholding tax rate from 10% to 7.5% for the period starting on May 14, 2020 until March 31, 2021. Further, any gains in excess of ₹100,000 in a financial year made by domestic investors upon redeeming their investment in equity-oriented mutual funds, as defined in the Income Tax Act, are taxable at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess (i.e additional taxes for specified purposes)), provided the investment is made for a period of more than 12 months. In the event such investment is redeemed prior to or on completion of the duration of 12 months, capital gains tax at the rate of 15% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) is charged. These beneficial rates are available subject to payment of securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”). Investors in equity-oriented funds have to pay STT at the rate of 0.001% on the sale of units back to the mutual fund. 

In relation to funds other than equity-oriented funds, any long-term gains realized by domestic investors upon redeeming their investments (which were held for more than 36 months) are taxable at 10% or 20% (depending on whether the investor takes into account the indexation benefit when calculating the taxable gain). However, where such investments are held for a period less than or equal to 36 months, the gains arising on redemption of such investments will be taxed at the marginal income tax rate of the investor’s applicable tax bracket. Various categories of investors, including non-resident investors and corporate investors, are also subject to additional or different provisions which are also subject to changes. The impact of the recent change in the mutual fund taxation regime on our business is uncertain, but may result in changes to the investment preferences of current and prospective investors, and consequential changes to our AUM and the composition thereof. Further, changes in tax laws, regulations, 

46 

interpretations of such laws or regulations or failure to comply with procedures laid down under such laws and regulations may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operations. If, as a result of a particular tax risk materializing, the tax costs associated with certain transactions are greater than anticipated, it could affect the profitability of those transactions. We cannot predict whether any tax laws or regulations impacting mutual fund products will be enacted, or the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operations. Thus, any change or uncertainty regarding the present tax regime may adversely affect our business as it may draw mutual fund investors away from investing in mutual funds and towards other saving instruments. 

# **External Risk Factors** 

# **_Risks Related to India_** 

**_49. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

The Indian economy and capital markets are influenced by economic, political and market conditions in India and globally. Our Company is incorporated in India, and a majority of our assets and employees are located in India. As a result, we are dependent on prevailing economic conditions in India and our results of operations are affected by factors influencing the Indian economy. Any slowdown or reversal in the growth of the Indian economy could result in a reduction in wealth in the Indian economy that can be diverted to savings and investment, a reduced interest in investment in the securities market and reduced foreign investment. Any such reductions could result in a reduction in our AUM or the investment management fees we can charge for our services. Further, the following external risks may have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations, should any of them materialize: 

- increase in interest rates may adversely affect access to capital and increase borrowing costs, which may constrain our ability to grow our business and operate profitably; 

- increased volatility or other perceived trends in commodity prices; 

- downgrade of India’s sovereign debt rating by an independent agency; 

- political instability, resulting from a change in governmental or economic and fiscal policies, may adversely affect economic conditions in India; 

- civil unrest, acts of violence, terrorist attacks, regional conflicts or situations or war; and 

- India has experienced epidemics, and natural calamities such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, and drought in recent years; 

- contagious diseases such as the COVID-19 pandemic, the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine. A worsening of the current COVID-19 pandemic or any similar future outbreaks of COVID-19, avian or swine influenza or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the Indian economy and economic activity in the region. 

Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. Our performance and the growth of our business depend on the overall performance of the Indian economy as well as the economies of the regional markets in which we operate. 

# **_50. Volatile conditions in the Indian securities market may affect the price or liquidity of the Equity Shares._** 

The Indian securities markets have experienced significant volatility from time to time. The regulation and monitoring of the Indian securities market and the activities of investors, brokers and other participants differ, in some cases significantly, from those in the United States, Europe and certain economies in Asia. Instability in the global financial markets has adversely affected the Indian economy in the past and may cause increased volatility in the future. For instance, in 2020, global capital markets have experienced significant volatility as a result of the COVID- 19 pandemic and associated responses. Further, ongoing concerns relating to the United States and China trade tensions have led to increased volatility in the global capital markets. In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners, and there have been geopolitical tensions and conflicts between the countries in the recent past. 

Although economic conditions vary across markets, factors specified above or loss of investor confidence in one economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby impact the Indian economy. Financial disruptions in the future could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. In response to such 

47 

developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, have implemented a number of policy measures designed to improve the stability of the global financial markets. However, the overall long-term impact of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts is uncertain, and they may not have had the intended stabilizing effects. Adverse economic developments overseas in countries where we have operations or other significant financial disruptions could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

**_51. If inflation were to rise significantly in India the trend towards increased saving rates in the Indian economy may decline or reverse._** 

In the recent past inflation in India has been relatively low. Such low inflation rates encourages saving, including in the form of investment in mutual funds, and the growth in our business in the recent past has been connected with this trend. Inflation can however be volatile, and is subject to many factors outside our control, including government policy, commodity prices, weather conditions and the global economy. If inflation were to rise significantly, the trend towards increased saving could decline or reverse and this may result in withdrawals from the funds for which we provide asset management services and a reduction in AUM of the schemes managed by us. 

# **_52. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of corporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects._** 

Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by changes in the laws, rules, regulations or directions applicable to us and the asset management industry. The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. The governmental and regulatory bodies may notify new regulations and/ or policies, which may require us to obtain approvals and licenses from the government and other regulatory bodies, impose onerous requirements and conditions on our operations, in addition to those which we are undertaking currently, or change the manner in which we conduct KYC or authenticate our investors. Any such changes and the related uncertainties with respect to the implementation of new regulations may adversely effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Tax and other levies imposed by the central and state governments in India that affect our tax liability include central and state taxes and other levies, income tax, turnover tax, goods and service tax, stamp duty and other special taxes and surcharges which are introduced on a temporary or permanent basis from time to time. The final determination of our tax liabilities involves the interpretation of local tax laws and related regulations in each jurisdiction as well as the significant use of estimates and assumptions regarding the scope of future operations and results achieved and the timing and nature of income earned and expenditures incurred. Moreover, the central and state tax scheme in India is extensive and subject to change from time to time. For example: 

- the GAAR became effective from April 1, 2017. The tax consequences of the GAAR provisions being applied to an arrangement could result in denial of tax benefit amongst other consequences. In the absence of any precedents on the subject, the application of these provisions is uncertain. If the GAAR provisions are made applicable to our Company, it may have an adverse tax impact on us; and 

- the Government of India has implemented a comprehensive national GST regime that combines taxes and levies by the Central and State Governments into a unified rate structure. In this regard, the Constitution (One hundred and first Amendment) Act, 2016 enables the Government of India and state governments to introduce GST. Any future increases or amendments may affect the overall tax efficiency of companies operating in India and may result in significant additional taxes becoming payable. If, as a result of a particular tax risk materializing, the tax costs associated with certain transactions are greater than anticipated, it could affect the profitability of such transactions. 

Unfavorable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the application, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

**_53. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against our Company outside India._** 

Our Company is incorporated under the laws of India. Most of our assets are located in India and a majority of our Company’s Directors and Key Managerial Personnel are residents of India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce against them judgments obtained in courts outside India. Moreover, it is unlikely that a court in India would award 

48 

damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or inconsistent with Indian public policy. 

India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions, which includes, the United Kingdom, Singapore, UAE and Hong Kong. A judgment from certain specified courts located in a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the Civil Code. The United States and India do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any federal or state court in a non-reciprocating territory, such as the United States, for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general securities laws of the United States, would not be enforceable in India under the Civil Code as a decree of an Indian court. 

Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13 and Section 44A of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908. The United Kingdom, Singapore, UAE and Hong Kong have been declared by the Government of India to be reciprocating territories for purposes of Section 44A of the Civil Code. A judgment of a court of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit on the judgment under Section 13 of the Civil Code, and not by proceedings in execution. Section 13 of the Civil Code provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated on except (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case, (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable, (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice, (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. Under the Civil Code, a court in India shall, on the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgment, presume that the judgment was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record. The Civil Code only permits the enforcement of monetary decrees, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. 

However, the party in whose favor such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the United States or other such jurisdiction within three years of obtaining such final judgment. It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Moreover, it is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages to the extent awarded in a final judgment rendered outside India if it believes that the amount of damages awarded were excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain the prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered. 

**_54. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Foreign ownership of Indian securities is subject to Government regulation. Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions), if they comply with the pricing and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and does not fall under any of the exceptions specified by the RBI, then the RBI’s prior approval is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. As provided in the foreign exchange controls currently in effect in India, the RBI has provided that the price at which the Equity Shares are transferred be calculated in accordance with internationally accepted pricing methodology for the valuation of shares at an arm’s length basis, and a higher (or lower, as applicable) price per share may not be permitted. Further, in accordance with Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020 issued by the DPIIT and the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Amendment Rules, 2020 which came into effect from April 22, 2020, any investment, subscription, purchase or sale of equity instruments by entities of a country which shares a land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country, will require prior approval of the Government of India, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy and the FEMA Rules. These investment restrictions shall also apply to subscribers of offshore derivative instruments. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular term or at all. 

**_55. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as US GAAP and IFRS, which may be material to investors' assessments of our financial condition._** 

49 

The financial statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus have been derived from our (i) audited financial statements as at and for the three-month periods ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, and (ii) audited financial statements as at and for the years ended March 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, in each case, prepared in accordance with Ind AS, and restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP or IFRS. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the restated financial statements, which are restated as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations included in this Red Herring Prospectus, will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

**_56. Certain non-GAAP measures and other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. These non-GAAP measures are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by Ind AS and may not be comparable with those presented by other companies._** 

Certain non-GAAP measures and other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance such as EBITDA, net worth, return on net worth and Net Asset Value per Equity Share have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. Such non-GAAP measures are supplemental measures of our performance and liquidity that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, Ind AS. Further, these non-GAAP measures are not a measurement of our financial performance or liquidity under Ind AS and should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to cash flows, profit/ (loss) for the years/ period or any other measure of financial performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity, profitability or cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities derived in accordance with Ind AS. We compute and disclose such non-GAAP measures and other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance as we consider such information to be useful measures of our business and financial performance. However, such information may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to financial measures and statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other companies and are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by Ind AS. 

**_57. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may differ to those under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be similar to the shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. 

# **_Risks Related to the Offer_** 

**_58. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares shall be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholders in consultation with the Global Coordinators and Book Running Lead Managers and the Book Running Lead Managers, and through the Book Building Process. This price is based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” beginning on page 81 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that the investor will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

**_59. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares shall be determined through a book-building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors: 

- quarterly variations in our results of operations; 

- results of operations that vary from the expectations of research analysts and investors; 

- results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 

- changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by research analysts 

50 

and investors; 

- conditions in financial markets, including those outside India; 

- a change in research analysts’ recommendations; 

- announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments; 

- announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us; 

- new laws and governmental regulations or changes in laws and governmental regulations applicable to our industry; 

- additions or departures of key management personnel; and 

- general economic and stock market conditions. 

Changes in relation to any of the factors listed above could affect the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_60. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Equity Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

**_61. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity-linked securities by us may dilute your shareholding and adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any future issuance of the Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to the Equity Shares by us, including through exercise of employee stock options may dilute your shareholding in our Company, adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and our ability to raise capital through an issue of our securities. In addition, any disposal of Equity Shares by our Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. Any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. For instance, the post-Offer shareholding of our Promoters will be greater than 75% of the issued and paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company and pursuant to the minimum public shareholding requirements prescribed under the SCRR, our Promoters will be required to reduce their shareholding in our Company within a period of three years to ensure that the public shareholding in our Company is at least 25% of the issued and paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. We cannot assure you that our Company will not issue Equity Shares or that our Promoters will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

**_62. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

A public company incorporated in India must offer its equity shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting on such resolution. 

However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for your benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of any such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of our Equity Shares, your proportional interests in our Company would be diluted. 

**_63. QIBs, Non-Institutional Investors and ABCL Shareholders bidding under the ABCL Shareholder Reservation Portion for a Bid Amount more than ₹200,000 are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity_** 

51 

# **_of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs, Non-Institutional Investors and ABCL Shareholders bidding under the ABCL Shareholder Reservation Portion for a Bid Amount more than ₹200,000 are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. RIBs and ABCL Shareholders bidding under the ABCL Shareholder Reservation Portion (subject to the Bid Amount being up to ₹200,000) can revise or withdraw their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within such period as may be prescribed under applicable law, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

52 

