## **SECTION – II RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and the terms of the Issue including the merits and risks involved. The risks described below may not be exhaustive or the only ones relevant to us, the Equity Shares or the industry in which we operate. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently do not deem material may arise or may become material in the future and may also impair our business, results of operations and financial condition. If any or a combination of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are not currently deemed material, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. Furthermore, some events may be material collectively rather than individually. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about particular consequences to you of an investment in this Issue. The financial and other related implications of the risk factors, wherever quantifiable, have been disclosed in the risk factors mentioned below. However, there are certain risk factors where the financial impact is not quantifiable and therefore, cannot be disclosed in such risk factors._ 

_In order to obtain a complete understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Industry Overview”, “Our Business”, “Key Industry Regulations and Policies”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments” on pages 125, 126, 178, 225 and 263 respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of our Company and our business and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. Potential investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. Potential investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to legal and regulatory environment which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_Unless the context requires otherwise, all financial information included herein is derived from our Restated Consolidated Financial Information included in “Financial Information” beginning on page 220._ 

_Unless stated otherwise, industry and market data used in this section has been obtained or derived from publicly available information as well as industry publications, other sources and the report titled “Industry Analysis on Flexible Flow Solutions Market in India” dated March 29, 2023 (the “D&B Report”) prepared and issued by Dun & Bradstreet Information Services India Private Limited, appointed by our Company pursuant to an engagement letter dated March 22, 2023 and such report has been commissioned and paid for by our Company exclusively in relation to the Offer. A copy of the D&B Report is available on the website of our Company at_ _<u>www.aeroflexindia.com. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related</u> information derived from the D&B Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year._ 

**1.** **_We export our products to various countries and the export operations of our Company contribute more than 80% of Revenue from Operations, out of which export to USA constitutes 28% and 32% of the revenue from operations for the Fiscals March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022. On account of the aforesaid, we may be subject to significant import duties or restrictions of the relevant jurisdictions. Our inability to comply with related requirements may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

Our key overseas markets include USA, UAE, Italy and Spain. The relevant regulatory authorities in these regions impose varying import and other duties on our products. There can be no assurance that the import duties will not increase or new restrictions will not be imposed by the relevant regulatory authorities of the said countries Any substantial increase in such import duties or imposition of new restrictions may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, we export our products to more than 80 countries catering to various industry segments however our export to U.S.A for Fiscal March 31, 2023 accounted 28% of our revenue from operations. This is followed by export to U.A.E, Italy and Spain accounting for 4% - 7% of our revenue from operations for Fiscal March 31, 2023. Our overseas sales to customers of these countries exposes 

37 

us to risks of concentration. Loss of all or a substantial portion of sales to any of our customer from these countries for any reason (including, due to any materially adverse social, political or economic development, civil disruptions, or changes in the policies of the state government or state or local governments in these countries, occurrence of COVID-19 infection and strict curbs), could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and future business prospects. The details of country wise exports for the Fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 have been set out below: 

_<u>(₹ in million)</u>_ 

|**Name**<br>**of**<br>**Country**|**Revenue**<br>**from export**<br>**for Fiscal**|**Fiscal 2023**|**Revenue**<br>**from export**<br>**for Fiscal**|**Fiscal 2022**|**Revenue**<br>**from export**<br>**for Fiscal**|**Fiscal 2021**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2023**||**2022**||**2021**||
|USA|763.21|28%|775.49|32%|382.71|26%|
|UAE|187.39|7%|146.65|6%|49.59|3%|
|Italy|119.34|4%|121.06|5%|103.82|7%|
|Spain|118.72|4%|142.52|6%|72.06|5%|
|Canada|92.24|3%|58.30|2%|26.65|2%|
|Belgium|79.75|3%|64.83|3%|72.89|5%|
|Brazil|68.10|3%|66.28|3%|45.72|3%|
|UK|70.22|3%|102.47|4%|34.29|2%|
|Russia|62.44|2%|10.05|0%|14.51|1%|
|South<br>Africa|62.41|2%|25.48|1%|10.50|1%|
|Other|547.96|20% (41|522.47|22% (39|358.40|25% (33|
|Countries||countries)||countries)||countries)|
|**Total **|**2,171.80**|**81%**|**2,035.59**|**85%**|**1,171.15**|**81%**|



Further to the above, we also are exposed to foreign exchange rate risk to the extent that our significant part of our revenue is denominated in a currency other than the Indian Rupee. We report our consolidated results of operations in Indian Rupees, while our Subsidiary reports its financial results in its respective local currencies. For Fiscals March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021, ₹ 2,140.47 million, ₹2,035.59 million and ₹1,194.81 million contributing to 79.44%,  84.53% and 82.53% of our revenue from operations as per our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements, is denominated in foreign currencies. Based on our geographical presence and business operations worldwide, we primarily deal in USD, Euro and GBP. Our foreign currency exposures, exchange rate fluctuations between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies, especially the USD, Euro, and GBP, may have a material impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. We may suffer losses on account of foreign currency fluctuations for sale of our products to our international customers, since we may be able to revise the prices, for foreign currency fluctuations, only on a periodic basis and may not be able to pass on all losses on account of foreign currency fluctuations to our customers. Our net foreign exchange gain/(loss) for Fiscals March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021, as per our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements was ₹53.13 million , ₹32.37 million and ₹19.21 million respectively and constituted  1.97%,  1.34% and 1.33% of our total revenue from operations for Fiscals March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021respectively. We cannot guarantee that we will not experience losses, on account of fluctuations in currencies going forward, and such losses may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Export destination countries may also enter into free trade agreements or regional trade agreements with countries other than India. Such agreements and alteration of existing tax treaties may lead to increased competition or may even place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to manufacturers in other countries. India is also a party to, and is currently negotiating, free trade agreements with several countries including the United Kingdom and if we export our products to such countries, any revocation or alteration of current or future bilateral agreements may also adversely affect our ability to export. Occurrence of any of these events may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, changes in import policies or an economic slowdown in countries to which we export our products may have a significant adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, the GoI notifies policies providing fiscal benefits on exports and imports from time to time and any discontinuance or non-availability of such fiscal benefits enjoyed by us or our inability to comply with related requirements may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Any change in the rates and/or the scheme structure announced by GoI can have material adverse effect on our results of operation or financial condition. We cannot assure you that we will successfully obtain such a license every time and/or will subsequently be able to comply with the requirements prescribed thereunder. 

38 

**2.** **_We in the usual course of business do not enter into long-term contracts with suppliers for our raw materials We are dependent on China for a significant portion of raw material suppliers, loss of any major suppliers increase in the cost of raw material by any supplier, or a shortfall in the availability or quality of such raw materials, in a timely manner or at all, or our ability to pass these costs onto our customers could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

Our competitiveness, manufacturing costs, and profitability depend, in part, on our ability to source and maintain a stable and sufficient supply of raw materials. We procure our essential raw material viz Stainless steel Coils and wires from China from international market and from Uttar Pradesh Gujarat, Haryana and Maharashtra in domestic market. We also procure fittings made of various materials including stainless steel, polytetrafluoroethylene and other materials from Indian and international markets. For the Fiscals March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 our raw materials purchase from out of India was ₹859.98 million, ₹721.79 million and ₹452.79 million which contributed to 45.22%, 45.81% and 47.10% of our total raw material purchases respectively. For the Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021 our raw materials purchase from domestic market was ₹1,041.80 million, ₹853.86 million and ₹508.46 million which contributed to 54.78%, 54.19% and 52.90% of our total raw material purchases respectively . Our results of operations and financial conditions are significantly dependent on the availability and cost of raw materials specifically stainless steel coils and stainless steel wires. 

The table below sets forth certain information relating to our raw materials suppliers as a % of total raw material purchases in the periods indicated: 

_(₹ in million)_ 

|**Supplier**|**Raw**<br>**%**|**Raw mate**|**rial**<br>**%**|**Raw mate**|**rial**|<br>**%**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Concentration**|**material**<br>**purchase**<br>**for**<br>**March**<br>**31, 2023**|**purchase**<br>**March**<br>**2022**|**for**<br>**31,**|**purchase**<br>**March**<br>**2021**|**for**<br>**31,**|<br>|
|Supplier concentration<br>(Top 05)|1,416.68 74.49%|1,174.12|74.52%|711.12||73.98%|
|Supplier concentration<br>(Top 10)|1,544.95 81.24%|1,296.22|82.27%|774.81||80.60%|
|The country details pertai<br>for Fiscals March 31, 202<br>**Import Purchase for our**<br>**Particulars**<br>**Fiscal 2**|ning to country wise i<br>3, March 31, 2022 and<br>**essential raw materi**<br>**023**<br>**% of total**<br>**purchases**|mports and do<br>March 31, 202<br>**al viz. Stainle**<br>**Fiscal 2022**|mestic purchases<br>1 are provided b<br>**ss Steel coils and**<br>**% of tota**<br>**purchases**|of our Compa<br>elow<br>**wires**<br>**l**<br>**Fiscal 202**|ny’s<br>**1**|raw materials<br>**% of total**<br>**purchases**|
|China<br>826.83|43.48%|634.33|40.26%|316.39||**32.91%**|



## **Domestic Purchase for our major raw material viz. Stainless coil and wire** 

|**Particulars**|**Fiscal 2023**|**% of total**<br>**purchases**|<br>**Fiscal 2022**|**% of total**<br>**purchases**|<br>**Fiscal 2021**|**% of total**<br>**purchases**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Uttar Pradesh|295.33|15.53%|182.89|11.61%|106.68|11.10%|
|Gujarat|216.51|11.38%|290.27|18.42%|161.69|16.82%|
|Haryana|113.52|5.97%|72.30|4.59%|18.67|1.94%|



39 

Maharashtra 31.53 1.66% 42.91 2.72% 

41.18 4.28% 

We do not enter into long term contracts with our suppliers and all our sourcing is based on individual purchase orders placed with our suppliers. Prices are negotiated for each purchase order with the respective supplier. While selecting our suppliers, we consider cost, grade, quality, time to fulfil, supplier’s history and experience and capacities. While we are not significantly dependent on any single raw material supplier, raw materials supply and pricing can be volatile due to a number of factors beyond our control, including global demand and supply, general economic and political conditions, transportation and labour costs, labour unrest, natural disasters, competition, import duties, tariffs and currency exchange rates, and there are inherent uncertainties in estimating such variables, regardless of the methodologies and assumptions that we may use. We are also dependent on supplied raw materials being of quality and meeting relevant technical specifications and quality standards. Therefore, we cannot assure you that we will be able to procure adequate supplies of raw materials in the future, as and when we need them on commercially acceptable terms. Most of our raw materials are made of stainless steel which is a commodity. Any volatility in the prices of stainless steel can significantly affect our raw material costs. However, our Company continuously tracks the changes in raw material prices and adopts stricter measures to address such fluctuations. Our raw materials inventory was equal to 46 days of consumption as on March 31, 2023. If we are not able to compensate for or pass on our increased costs to customers, such price increases could have a material adverse impact on our result of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our finished products are tested by our in-house testing team through various processes and thereafter by the customer, pursuant to which, we strive to minimise the probability of defects in such products however, in the event, delivered materials are defective on account of any unforeseen circumstances such as including any accident or damage during transit or adverse weather conditions, we might face warranty and damages claims from our customers. Production errors may lead to product recalls which could also lead to compensation claims and significantly damage our reputation and the confidence of present and potential customers and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Although, the price of our finished goods is linked to the price of our raw materials the absence of long-term contracts at fixed prices exposes us to volatility in the prices of raw materials that we require and we may be unable to pass these costs onto our customers, which may reduce our profit margins. In addition, while we estimate the demand of our products, and accordingly plan our production volumes, any shortage in the supply of our raw materials, may also result in our estimates going wrong which could result in either surplus of raw materials, which may result in additional storage cost and may not be sold in a timely manner or deficit of raw materials leading to our inability to meet our customer requirements and product demand, resulting in a reduction in our profit margins. In addition, absence of long-term contracts with our raw materials suppliers may also lead to our delivery/ production estimates being adversely affected. While we estimate the demand for our products and accordingly plan our production volumes, any error in our estimate could also result in surplus or shortage of raw materials, which may not be sold in a timely manner. Shortage of raw materials would lead to our estimates being adversely affected, resulting in loss of our business and an adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**3.** **_Our business is dependent and will continue to depend on our single manufacturing facility, and we are subject to certain risks in that behalf. Any slowdown or shutdown in our manufacturing operations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations_** . 

We have a single Manufacturing Facility situated in Taloja, Navi Mumbai in the state of Maharashtra spread across 3,59,528 square feet of area. The capacity utilisation of our Manufacturing Unit was 9.15 million meters p.a., 9.95 million meters p.a. and 7.81 million meters p.a. constituting 83%, 90% and 71% of the total installed capacity i.e., 11.00 million meters p.a. for the Fiscal March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 respectively. Our Manufacturing Facility is equipped with advanced equipment, modern technology and semiautomated systems and our business is dependent upon our ability to manage our Manufacturing Facility which are subject to various operating risks, including those beyond our control, such as the breakdown, failure of equipment or industrial accidents, severe weather conditions, fire, power interruption and natural disasters. While there have been no such instances during the Fiscal March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021, any significant malfunction or breakdown of our machinery, our equipment, our automation systems, our IT systems or any other part of our manufacturing processes or systems may entail significant repair and maintenance costs and cause delays in our operations. If we are unable to repair manufacturing assets in a timely manner or at all, 

40 

our operations may need to be suspended until we procure the appropriate manufacturing assets to replace them and there can be no assurance that the new manufacturing assets will be procured and/or integrated in a timely manner. In addition, we may be required to carry out planned shutdowns of our Manufacturing Facility for maintenance, statutory inspections, customer audits and testing, or we may shut down one or more of our Manufacturing Facility for capacity expansion and equipment upgrades. 

In particular, outbreak of a pandemic or any materially adverse social, political or economic development, civil disruptions, or changes in the policies of the national, state or local governments in any of the jurisdictions where our Manufacturing Facility is situated, could adversely affect operations of our integrated production facility. In the future, we may also experience plant shutdowns or periods of reduced production because of regulatory issues, power outage, severe weather conditions, natural disaster, equipment failure, employee-related incidents that result in harm or death, delays in raw material deliveries or as a result of an escalation of the COVID-19 pandemic or related response measures. In addition, we also may face protests from localites at our Manufacturing Facility which may delay or halt our operations. Further, we may be subject to manufacturing disruptions due to contraventions by us of any of the conditions of our regulatory approvals, which may require our Manufacturing Facility to cease, or limit, production until the disputes concerning such approvals are resolved. Although we have not experienced any significant disruptions at our Manufacturing Facility during the Fiscals March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 we cannot assure you that there will not be any disruptions in our operations in the future. Our total manufacturing operating expenses which comprised depreciation and amortisation, repair and maintenance expenses, power and fuel was ₹134.67 million, ₹129.53 million and ₹101.33 million contributed to 5.00 %, 5.38 % and 7.00% of our total income from operations for Fiscals March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 respectively. While there has been no material impact of such closure on our operations, we cannot guarantee that any such similar closure in the future would not have an adverse impact on our operations. Any inability to utilise our Manufacturing Facility, to its full or optimal capacity, non-utilisation of such capacity may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

**4.** **_Our Company requires significant amounts of working capital and significant portion of our working capital is consumed in trade receivables and inventories. Our inability to meet our working capital requirements including failure to realise receivables and inventories may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and overall business._** 

Our business requires significant working capital, such as to finance the purchase of raw materials, consumables, stores & spares and payments for operating expenses before we receive payment from our customers. In addition, the actual amount of our future capital requirements may differ from estimates as a result of, among other factors, cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, economic conditions, additional market developments and new opportunities in the industry. A significant portion of our working capital is consumed in trade receivables and inventories. Summary of our working capital position is given below: 

||||_(₹ in million)_|
|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**As at March 31,**|**As at March 31,**|**As at March 31,**|
||**2023**|**2022**|**2021**|
|**Current Assets**||||
|Inventories|560.07|358.22|343.20|
|Trade Receivables|669.70|526.12|337.80|
|Cash and cash equivalents|61.32|82.05|34.77|
|Bank Balances Other than above|1.21|1.23|1.15|
|Other Financial Assets|6.13|4.57|4.27|
|Other Current Assets|245.96|317.44|433.18|
|**Total Current Assets(A)**|**1544.39**|**1,289.64**|**1,154.37**|
|**Current Liabilities**||||
|Trade Payables|366.30|341.85|403.36|
|Current Tax Liabilities(Net)|60.72|75.42|-|
|Other Current Liabilities|109.11|153.71|85.74|
|**Total Current Liabilities(B)**|**536.13**|**570.98**|**489.10**|
|**Working Capital Requirement(A-B)**|**1008.26**|**718.65**|**665.26**|



41 

|**Particulars**|**As at March 31,**<br>**2023**|**As at March 31,**<br>**2022**|**As at March 31,**<br>**2021**|
|---|---|---|---|
|Working Capital Requirement as a % of|47.12%|39.18%|41.16%|
|Total Assets||||
|Working Capital Requirement as a % of|37.42%|29.84%|45.95%|
|Revenue from Operations||||
|Inventories as a % of Total Current Assets|36.26%|27.78%|29.73%|
|Trade Receivables as a % of Total Current|43.36%|40.80%|29.26%|
|Assets||||



Our inventories for  Fiscal March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 is Rs. 560.07 million, Rs. 358.22 million and Rs.343.20 million which represents as a % of total current assets as 36.26%, 27.78% and 29.73%, respectively. We have to maintain adequate inventories of raw materials, stores, spares & consumables, work-inprogress and finished goods to meet our day to day requirements and avoid situations like stock-outs. The result of our operations depend upon our ability to manage our inventories. To effectively manage our inventories, we must be able to accurately estimate customer demand and supply requirements and manufacture and trade inventory accordingly. If our management misjudges expected customer demand, it could adversely impact the results by causing either a shortage of products or an accumulation of excess inventory. Further, if we fail to sell the inventory, we may be required to write-down our inventory or pay our suppliers without new purchases, or create additional vendor financing, which could have an adverse impact on our income and cash flows, liquidity and overall business. 

We believe that our projected inventories are result of two factors i.e. our historical inventories trends and our conservative approach in assuming inventories due to supply chain related disruptions we are facing as on date. Additionally, we have assumed quick payments to our trade payables going forward leading to lower holding periods for trade payables. This is in line with our strategy to obtain better payment terms from our vendors particularly our import vendors, since majority of our raw material requirements are fulfilled through imports. The increase in projected mainly on account of reduction in trade payable holding period from 71 days in Fiscal 2023 to 48 days in Fiscal 2024 and 2025 each. On an overall basis, our inventory days (Raw Material, Work in Progress and Finished Goods) were 116 days in Fiscal 2023 which are projected to grow to 126 days and 129 days in Fiscal 2024 and 2025 respectively. 

Following is the monthly revenue achieved in the month of March and April in (2023 vs 2022): 

|**₹ in million**|**April 2023**|**April 2022**|**March 2023**|**March 2022**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Revenue from operations|253.06|202.31|295.07|216.38|
|Growth M-o-M|25.09%||36.37%||



Our trade receivables were ₹ 669.70 million, ₹526.12 million and ₹337.80 million as on March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 respectively aggregating to 24.85%, 21.85% and 23.33% of revenue from operation as on March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 respectively. Out of the above trade receivables for Fiscal March 31, 2023, ₹ 550.11 million was due for a period less than 6 months and ₹ 119.59 million was due for a period of more than 6 months. Out of the total trade receivables of ₹ 526.12 million outstanding as at 31 March 2022, ₹ 510.32 million were outstanding for less than 6 months and ₹ 15.80 million were outstanding for a period of more than 6 months. Out of the total trade receivables of ₹ 337.80 million outstanding as at 31 March 2021, ₹ 322.90 million were outstanding for less than 6 months and ₹ 14.90 million were outstanding for a period of more than 6 months. All trade receivables are undisputed and considered good as at March 31, 2023. Our trade receivables turnover days were 91 days, 80 days and 85 days for the Fiscals March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022, and March 31, 2021 respectively. Our trade receivables are generally non-interest bearing in nature. Our working capital requirements may increase if the payment terms in purchase orders received include reduced or zero advance payments or longer payment schedules, or if there is delayed realisation from our customers. These factors may result in increases in the amount of our receivables and short-term borrowings. Continued increase in our working capital requirements may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our inability to maintain sufficient cash flows, realize existing inventories & trade receivables, maintain credit facility and other sources of fund, in a timely manner, or at all, to meet the increasing 

42 

requirement of working capital may have significant adverse effect on our financial condition and result of our operations. For further details, please refer to the chapter titled “ _Objects of the Issue_ ” beginning on page 90 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**5.** **_We derive revenue from sale of number of products viz. sale of stainless steel corrugated flexible hoses (with and without braiding), stainless steel braiding, stainless steel interlock hoses, assemblies, and others and significant revenue from stainless steel corrugated flexible hoses (with and without braiding). Any decrease in the sales of our key products will adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. Our inability to successfully further diversify our products may adversely affect our growth and negatively impact our profitability._** 

<mark>We derive revenue from the sale of products viz. stainless steel corrugated flexible hoses (with and without braiding), stainless steel braiding, stainless steel interlock hoses, assemblies and others for Fiscal March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021, according to our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements is, ₹2,605.26 million, ₹2,329.87 million and ₹1,397.32 million respectively, aggregating to 96.68%, 96.76% and 96.52%, of our revenue from operations. Considering the significance of the contribution of our product offerings to our revenues from operations, our Company’s revenue from operations is dependent upon the sale of the</mark> **_<mark>of stainless steel corrugated flexible hoses (with and without braiding),</mark>_** <mark>for Fiscal March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021, according to our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements is, Rs. 1,610.41 million, Rs. 1,630.86 million and Rs. 993.00 million respectively, aggregating to 59.76%, 67.73%, and 68.59%, of our revenue from operations was contributed from sale of the of stainless steel corrugated flexible hoses (with and without braiding). In the event any substitutes or alternatives for the aforesaid products are developed by any of our competitors or third party business resulting in a decrease in demand of our key product offerings, our business, profitability and revenue from operations will be adversely effected. We cannot assure you that the transition of our production unit and resources to fulfil production under new product programs will not impact production rates or other operational efficiency measures at our units. Further, we cannot assure you that we will succeed in effectively implementing the new technology required in manufacturing new products or that we will be able to recover our investments. Any failure in the development or implementation of our operations is likely to adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. Our Company’s customers require several of our Company’s products which may or may not include specifications with respect to certain factors relating to the product. Further, our clients may experience rapid changes in their prospects, substantial price competition and pressure on their profitability. For example, a downturn or slowdown in the sale of SS Hoses with Braiding could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.</mark> 

**6.** **_We in the usual course of business do not have long term contracts with most of our customers and rely on purchase orders for delivery of our product and they may cancel or modify their orders, change production quantities, delay production or change their sourcing strategy. Loss of one or more of our customers or a reduction in their demand for our products could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Although, in past we have received repeat orders from our customers and they continue to work with us however we do not enter into long-term agreements with most of our customers and we rely on purchase orders to govern the volume and other terms of our sale of products to them. Many of the purchase orders we receive from our customers specify a price per unit and the delivery schedule. Absence of any long term contracts or contractual exclusivity with respect to our business arrangements with such customers poses a challenge on our ability to continue to supply our products to these customers in future. Further, the number of purchase orders that our customers place with us differ from quarter to quarter, which has caused our revenues, results of operations and cash flows to fluctuate in the past and we expect this trend to occasionally continue in the future. The details of revenues attributable to existing customers of the Company vis-à-vis new customers of the Company along with relevant details as to the revenue from operations (less foreign exchange and less other operating income) and sale of products and sale of scrap is produced herein below. 

43 

||||_(₹ in million)_<br>|
|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**As at March 31, 2021**|**As at March 31, 2022**|**As at March 31, 2023**|
|Revenue from operations|1,447.74|2,408.00|**2,694.61**|
|Less: Foreign exchange|19.21|32.37|53.13|
|fluctuation||||
|Less: Other Operating<br>Income|22.96|29.96|14.28|
|Sale of products and**_sale_**<br>**_of scrap_**|1,405.56|2,345.68|**2,627.20**|
|Revenue from Existing<br>customers|1,388.20|2,310.61|2,263.81|
|Revenue<br>from<br>New|17.36|35.07|363.38|
|customers||||



We may encounter problems executing an order from a customer in accordance with the requirements of the customers on a timely basis. Additionally, our customers have high and stringent standards for product quantity and quality as well as delivery schedules and any failure to meet our customers’ expectations and specifications could result in cancellation of orders or the risk of the customer not placing any subsequent orders or might place orders for lesser quantity. There are also a number of factors, other than our performance, that could cause the loss of a customer such as, (a) increase in prices of raw materials and other input costs resulting in an increase in the price of our products; (b) changes in customer requirements and preferences; (c) changes in governmental or regulatory policy; (d) slowdown in the customer’s industry due to any reasons; and (e) change in technology. Any of these factors may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Due to the possibility of orders not being placed, cancellations or changes in scope and schedule of orders, which is typically at the discretion of our customers, or problems we encounter in order execution or reasons outside our control or the control of our customers, we cannot predict with certainty when, if or to what extent a project will be performed or that purchase orders will be in one period as consistently as they have been in prior periods. 

Delays in the completion of an order could lead to customers delaying or refusing to pay the amount, in part or full, that we expect to be paid in respect of such order. These payments often represent an important portion of the margin we expect to earn on an order. In addition, even where an order proceeds as scheduled, it is possible that the customers may default or otherwise honour to pay amounts owned. Any delay, reduction in scope, cancellation, execution difficulty, payment postponement or payment default in regard to any other uncompleted orders, or disputes with customers in respect of any of the foregoing, could materially harm our cash flow position, revenues and earnings. 

In addition, all our decisions, with respect to production schedules, capacity expansions, personnel requirements and other resource requirements are based on our estimates of our customer orders. If we underestimate or overestimate the demand from our customers, our entire planning and decision-making would be adversely affected, which could result in the loss of business leading to an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

**7.** **_If we fail to effectively implement our production schedules, our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected._** 

Our success depends in part on our ability to meet the production and assembly schedules and requirements of our customers according to their detailed specifications and delivery time frames which are, at times, demanding and complex. In particular, some of our customers who tend to require large volumes of our manufactured and assembled products, as well as customised product, within a limited amount of time. Our ability to meet these demands depends in part on our ability to rapidly ramp up production and commence large-scale production of technically complex products within short time frames. In the past three Fiscals we have not faced any instance wherein we have not been able to meet with the demand raised by customers. However we may not be able to maintain and enhance our production capabilities in time or implement our production plans effectively. If we are unable to maintain or enhance our production capabilities to satisfy customer demand, or our production operations suffer unanticipated or prolonged interruption, our business and results of operations would be adversely affected. 

44 

**8.** **_Our Promoter is involved in a tax proceedings which is currently pending. Any adverse decision in the proceeding may render our Promoter liable to penalty and/or monetary compensation and may adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

There is one outstanding legal proceeding involving our Promoter which is pending before Hon’ble High Court of Bombay. Such proceedings could divert management time and attention, and consume financial resources in their defence or prosecution. Any unfavourable decision in connection with such proceeding could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. Certain details of such outstanding legal proceeding as on date of this Red Herring Prospectus are set out below: 

## **Litigations against our Promoter** 

|||_(₹ in million)_|
|---|---|---|
|**Nature of Litigation**|**Number of matters outstanding**|**Amount involved**|
|Criminal matters|Nil|Nil|
|Direct Tax matters|Nil|Nil|
|Indirect Tax matters|01|22.63|
|Actions<br>taken<br>by<br>regulatory<br>authorities|Nil|Nil|
|Material civil litigations|Nil|Nil|



‘Our Promoter i.e., Sat Industries Limited received a show cause notice dated August 08, 2022 issued by Department of Goods and Service Tax (Government of Maharashtra) (“ **Show Cause Notice** ”) for cancellation of Goods and Service Tax Registration of our Promoter. The said Show Cause Notice does not specifically demand any amount to be paid by our Promoter. Further, our Promoter being aggrieved by the said notice has filed an writ petition dated August 17, 2022 bearing registration number WP/3643/2022 challenging the unlawful cancellation our Promoter’s GST registration without awarding an opportunity of being heard and also challenging the amendment to Rule 21A(2) of Central Goods and Service Tax Rules, 2017 brought in vide notification dated December 22, 2020 issued by Government of India, Ministry of Finance (Department of Revenue) Central Board of Indirect Taxes and Customs. The Hon’ble High Court of Bombay vide its order dated August 29, 2022 granted an ad-interim relief by staying the effect of Show Cause Notice 1 and Show Cause Notice 2 and revoked the suspension of GST registration of the Promoter. Further to the above, upon completion of assessment for FY 2017-18 our Promoter received a show cause notice dated February 21, 2023 under S.73 of Central Goods and Service Tax Act, 2017 disallowing ITC claimed by Sat industries Limited and demanding  an amount of ₹2,26,20,426.30/- (including GST, interest and penalty). Our Promoter being aggrieved by the aforesaid show cause notice, has preferred an appeal praying for allowing the Promoter’s claim of input tax credit and deletion of penalty and interest amount in full. The matter is presently sub-judice. Further, if the aforesaid litigation proceeding are adjudicated against our Promoter, the cancellation of GST registration of our Promoter will be upheld and a penalty may be imposed upon our Promoter. In the event our Promoter is subject to an unfavorable decision being passed in the aforesaid litigation proceedings, the same may affect the business reputation of our Promoter. 

**9.** **_The industry segments in which we operate being fragmented and diversified, we face competition from other large and small global and domestic players, which may affect our business operations and financial conditions_** 

We compete in Flexible Flow Solutions made with Stainless Steel Corrugation. Factors affecting our success include, amongst other things, price, demand for our products, availability of raw materials and reliability. Our global competitors vary in size, and may have greater financial, production, marketing, personnel and other resources than us and certain of our global competitors have a longer history of established businesses and reputations in the industry in which we operate. Competitive conditions in some of our segments may cause us to realise lower net selling prices and reduced gross margins and net earnings. Changes in the identity, ownership structure, and strategic goals of our global competitors and the emergence of new competitors in our industry may impact our financial performance. Our failure to compete effectively, including any delay in responding to changes in the industry and market, may affect the competitiveness of our products, which may result in a decline in our revenues and profitability. The revenue from operation for the financial years ended March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 was ₹ 2,694.61 million, ₹ 2,408 million and ₹ 1,447.74 million respectively. There are no listed companies in India that are engaged in a business similar to that of our company accordingly it is not possible to provide an industry comparison in relation to our company in India. However, globally, there are listed peers that are engaged in a business similar to that of our Company. 

- product functionality, quality and reliability; 

45 

- design, and production capabilities; 

- ability to meet customers order requirements and delivery schedules; 

- customer relationships and 

- product price. 

New competitors may include foreign-based companies and domestic producers who could enter our markets.. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there are no comparable listed companies that are similar in size and nature and are involved in the same line of business, which are listed on the Indian Stock Exchanges and accordingly, we are not in a position to provide comparative analysis of our performance with any listed company. Therefore, investors must rely on their own examination of accounting ratios of our Company for the purposes of investment in the Offer. 

**10.** **_Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds are based on management estimates and we have not entered into any definitive arrangements to utilize certain portions of the Net Proceeds of the Issue and have not been independently appraised by a bank or a financial institution Any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders’ approval._** 

We intend to use the Net Proceeds of the offer for the purposes described in the section titled “Objects of the Offer” on page 99. The Objects of the Offer comprise funding incremental working capital requirements of our Company, repayment/prepayment, in part or full, of certain of our borrowings and general corporate purposes. 

The Objects of the Offer have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution, and our funding requirement is based on current conditions, internal estimates and are subject to changes in external circumstances or costs, or in other financial condition, business or strategy. Based on the competitive nature of our industry, we may have to revise our business plan and/ or management estimates from time to time and consequently our funding requirements may also change. Such internal estimates may differ from the value that would have been determined by third party appraisals, which may require us to reschedule or reallocate our expenditure, subject to applicable laws. In case of increase in actual expenses or shortfall in requisite funds, additional funds for a particular activity will be met by any means available to us, including internal accruals and additional equity and/or debt arrangements, and may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Accordingly, investors in the Equity Shares will be relying on the judgment of our management regarding the application of the Net Proceeds. Further, pursuant to Section 27 of the Companies Act, any variation in the Objects of the Offer would require a special resolution of the shareholders and the promoter or controlling shareholders will be required to provide an exit opportunity to the shareholders who do not agree to such proposal to vary the Objects of the Offer, at such price and in such manner in accordance with applicable law. Our Company, in accordance with the applicable law and to attain the objects set out above, will have the flexibility to deploy the Net Proceeds. Pending utilisation of the Net Proceeds for the purposes described above, our Company may temporarily deposit the Net Proceeds within one or more scheduled commercial banks included in the Second Schedule of Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 as may be approved by our Board. We will appoint a monitoring agency for monitoring the utilization of Net Proceeds in accordance with Regulation 41 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the monitoring agency will submit its report to us on a quarterly basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. At this stage, we cannot determine with any certainty if we would require the Net Proceeds to meet any other expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of competitive environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. In accordance with Sections 13(8) and 27 of the Companies Act, 2013, we cannot undertake any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds without obtaining the shareholders’ approval through a special resolution. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to undertake variation in the disclosed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain the shareholders’ approval in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such shareholders’ approval may adversely affect our business or operations. Further, our Promoter would be liable to provide an exit opportunity to shareholders who do not agree with our proposal to change the objects of the Offer or vary the terms of such contracts, at a price and manner as prescribed by SEBI. Additionally, the requirement of our Promoter to provide an exit opportunity to such dissenting shareholders may deter the Promoters’ from agreeing to the variation of the proposed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, even if such variation is in the interest of our 

46 

Company. Further, we cannot assure you that the Promoter of our Company will have adequate resources at its disposal at all times to enable it  to provide an exit opportunity at the price prescribed by SEBI. 

**11.** **_The markets in which our customers operate are characterized by sectors specific to the industries which we cater to and their changing preferences and other related factors including lower manufacturing costs and therefore as a result we may be affected by any disruptions in the industry. Our profitability, business and commercial success is significantly dependent on our ability to successfully anticipate the industry and customer requirements and utilize our resources to enhance and develop our products that efficiently satisfy and meet our client’s specific requirements in a timely manner. Any failure on our part to do so, may have an impact on the reputation of our products, which could have an adverse effect on our revenue, reputation, financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows._** 

The markets in which we and our customers operate is characterized by changing technology, evolving industry standards and demands for features, and continual product innovation. These conditions may also result in significant competition. If the end-user demand is low for our customers’ products, there may be significant changes in the orders from our customers and we may experience greater pricing pressures. Therefore, risks that could harm the customers of our industry could, as a result, adversely affect us as well. Our success is therefore dependent on the success achieved by our customers in developing and marketing their products. If our customers’ technologies become obsolete or fail to gain widespread commercial acceptance, our customers may experience a reduced demand for their products which may affect our sales to such customers, operating margins depending on the nature of the product, and all of these combined may gradually result in a loss of customers including key ones. However, there can be uncertainty regarding the development and production of these products as planned and failure to anticipate or respond rapidly to advances in technology can have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Additionally, industry-wide competition for market share of various products can result in aggressive pricing practices by our customers and therefore our customers may also choose to import some of these products which provide them better cost benefits as compared to us or source the products from our competitors. The price-pressure from our customers may adversely affect the prices of the products which we supply, which may lead to reduced revenues, lower profit margins or loss of market share etc., any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Additional risks that could significantly harm our customers as well as us, include: 

- action undertaken by the government to tax our business, or that of our customers; 

- recession in countries in which our key customers’ operate their businesses; 

- slowdown and reduced spending in the industries in which our customers operate; 

- our customers’ inability to effectively manage their operations; 

- a change in their management which may results in us not being a preferred supplier to them; and 

- changes in laws affecting our customers to operate profitably 

||||||_(  _|_₹ in million)_|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Industry**<br>**/**|**Marc**|**h31, 2023**|**Marc **|**h31, 2022**|**Marc **|**h31, 2021**|
|**Sector**|**Revenue**|**%**|**Revenue**|**%**|**Revenue**|**%**|
|**Steel **|576.81|21.96|509.51|21.72|381.79|27.16|
|**Oiland Gas**|497.39|18.93|375.31|16.00|200.19|14.24|
|**Refineries**|432.17|16.45|316.67|13.50|171.59|12.21|
|**Fire Sprinklers**|430.79|16.40|572.10|24.39|285.99|20.35|
|**&**<br>**Fire**<br>**Fighting**|||||||
|**Chemicals and**|412.39|15.70|351.85|15.00|228.79|16.28|
|**Petrochemicals**|||||||
|**Metals**<br>**and**|215.18|8.19|159.61|6.80|111.96|7.97|
|**Mining**|||||||
|**Solar**|17.14|0.65|-|-|-|-|
|**Others**|45.33|1.73|60.63|2.58|25.24|1.80|
|**Total **|2627.20|100.00|2345.68|100%|1405.56|100|



In relation to other end-use industries, the demand for our products and margin of our products is dependent on and directly affected by factors affecting such industries. Accordingly, our failure to effectively adapt to such endues industry related disruptions, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial 

47 

condition. As a result, we must continually modify and improve our products in response to changes in our customers’ requirements or end-user preferences. 

**12.** **_If the products we manufacture are found to be deficient, we may lose our customers and may be subject to product liability claims or claims alleging deficiency which may also cause damage to our reputation and/or adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition._** 

Given the critical nature of the application of our products we always aim to maintain quality standard for the performance. Our customers have expectations for product quality. We try to ensure that our products are faultless and conform to the specific requirements of our customers. Although we conduct quality tests of our products prior to the delivery to our customers, we do not have dedicated quality assurance team conducts material inspections and then subjects the products to various tests, such as environmental stress screening, following which the products are sent for packaging. However, our quality control procedures may fail to test all possible conditions of use or identify all defects in the design, engineering or specifications of our products viz. corrugated hoses, braiding, interlock hoses and assemblies. Also, any defect or our inability to comply with the quality parameters of our customers may lead to cancellation of existing orders or non-renewal of contracts by our customers and in certain instances may even impose additional costs in the form of product liability and/or product recall thereby creating an adverse impact on our reputation, business, cashflow and results of operations and future prospects. Our business depends on delivering stainless steel flexible flow solutions as well as several other products of global standards and consistently standard quality to our customers, which we believe has been a key factor for source products and components from us. Many of our products are subject to standards and safety regulations in India and countries where we export. There may be defects in our products which may result in product recalls, repair and remediation claims and other losses to our customers. We may be required to replace or repair defective products at our own cost, defend related litigation or compensate our customers for losses or damage caused by these defects including other incidental costs. In addition, quality defects may cause us to lose customers to our competitors and loss of reputation and goodwill of our Company. We may also have to expend resources to defend ourselves in the event that claims, or legal proceedings are instituted directly against us. Any such occurrence on account of errors and omission or failure to meet quality and standards of our products and processes can have serious consequences including replacement of the product, which will require us to incur additional cost, which will not be borne by the customer and could result in damage to our reputation and loss of customers, which could adversely affect our business, operations, our cash flows and financial condition. This may result in our customers cancelling present or future purchases of our products. 

Though the Company has not adopted any formal materiality policy for the purpose of determining materiality of product deficiency instances, the Company considers any product deficiency resulting into sales being returned for an amount exceeding 0.1% of the Company’s revenue from operations to be a ‘material product deficiency’. For the Fiscals March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 there has been only one occasion of ‘material product deficiency’ wherein the Company experienced a sales return of ₹1.90 million which barely forms 0.1% of our revenue from operations for Fiscals March 31, 2022.Further, upon such products being returned by the respective customer our Company has forthwith taken the requisite action to replace the deficient products with fully functional products not suffering from any deficiency. 

**13.** **_We depend on third parties for the supply of raw material and delivery of products. A disruption in the supply of raw materials or failure of our suppliers to meet their obligations could impact our production and increase our costs._** 

We are dependent on third party suppliers for the raw materials used in the manufacture of our products. We purchase most of the raw materials used in our manufacturing process from a limited number of third-party suppliers. Our top five raw material suppliers for  Fiscals March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022  and March 31, 2021, as per our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements was ₹1,416.68 million , ₹1,174.12 million, ₹ 711.12 million constituted  74.49%,  74.52%, 73.98% of our total raw material purchases during such period. There is no assurance that if we experience a disruption of supplies, we will be able to source such commodities from alternative suppliers on similar commercial terms and within a reasonable timeframe. 

We select suppliers based on total value (including total landed price, quality and delivery), taking into consideration their production capacities and financial condition and expect that they will deliver in accordance with our quality standards and comply with their contractual obligations with us. However, there can be no assurance that capacity limitations, industry shortages, labour or social unrest, weather emergencies, commercial disputes, government actions, riots, wars, pandemic, sabotage, cyberattacks, non-conforming parts, acts of terrorism, `“` Acts of God `”` , financial or operational instability of suppliers, or other problems that our suppliers 

48 

experience will not result in occasional shortages or delays in their supply of raw materials to us. We are dependent upon the ability of our suppliers to meet performance and quality specifications and delivery schedules. The inability of a supplier to meet these requirements, the loss of a significant supplier, or any labour issues or work stoppages at a significant supplier could disrupt the supply of raw materials to our units, preventing our Company from delivering to its customers, or cause returns of products under warranty or product recalls. This would have a material adverse impact on our customer relations, reputation and business and also generate additional costs for our Company such as increased transportation costs and costs related to finding alternative suppliers within constrained timelines which could adversely impact our financial condition. 

If we were to experience a significant or prolonged shortage of raw materials from any of our suppliers and could not procure the raw materials from other sources, we would be unable to meet the production schedules for some of our products and could miss customer delivery expectations and future business from these customers. We cannot assure you that our suppliers will continue to supply the required raw materials to us or supply such raw materials at prices favourable to us. Any change in the supplying pattern of our raw materials can adversely affect our business, financial conditions and results of operations. We cannot assure you that such delays or disruption in the supply of raw materials or failure of our suppliers to meet their obligations will not occur in the future or that we will be able to adequately address such delays, disruptions and non-availability of supply of raw materials adequately and in a timely manner, which in turn could impact our production and increase our costs. 

We also use third parties for the deliveries of our products from our manufacturing unit and warehouses to our domestic and overseas customers. Transportation strikes and other supply chain disturbances (including container non-availability etc.) have in the past and could in the future have an adverse effect on our supplies and deliveries to and from particular plants on a timely and cost-efficient basis. An increase in freight costs or the unavailability of adequate port and shipping infrastructure for transportation of our products to our markets may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Further, we are also exposed to risks associated with various modes of transportation. While delivery of components to customers within India is generally shipped by road or rail, the majority of our export shipments to our international customers are by sea and subject to risks, including damage or loss of containers due to shipwreck, mishandling of our shipment at port or at sea, damage during transportation, loading and unloading, damage due to accidental fires and bad weather conditions, theft at sea, delay in customs clearance and other factors beyond our control. The occurrence of all or any of the above factors will result in delays in deliveries to our customers which could further cause a shutdown in our customers production processes exposes us to damage and penalties, adversely affect our reputation, cause a loss of business and adversely impact our results of operations. While we have obtained insurance to cover such risks, which is in line with industry practice, our insurance policies may not be adequate to cover fully all potential risks related to delivery and transportation of our products. Further, there is no assurance that the amount of our insurance coverage will be sufficient to satisfy any damages arising from the occurrence of all or any of the above risks. 

## **14.** **_We have had experienced negative cash flows in the recent past, and we may have negative cash flows in the future._** 

We experienced the cash flows, both positive and negative, set forth in the table below for the specified periods: 

_(₹ in million)_ 

|**Particulars**|**Fiscal**<br>**March 31,**<br>**2023**|**Fiscal**<br>**March 31,**<br>**2022**|**Fiscal**<br>**March 31,**<br>**2021**|
|---|---|---|---|
|Net cash flow from/(outflow)investingactivities|(94.56)|(133.85)|(29.09)|
|Net cash flow from/(outflow)financingactivities|35.92|(139.41)|(103.87)|
|Net<br>increase/(decrease)<br>in<br>cash<br>and<br>cash<br>Equivalents|(20.76)|47.37|(12.08)|



There can be no assurance that our net cash flows will be positive in the future. Any negative cash flows in the future could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, and we cannot assure you that our net cash flows will be positive in the future. For further details, see “Summary Financial Information” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition — Cash Flows”_ on pages 177 of this RHP. 

49 

**15.** **_Our Company is not a wilful defaulter however, we went into settlement process and our Company was categorized as wilful defaulter in the past, before the takeover of our Company by the present management._** 

Our Company is not a wilful defaulter. However, in past, before the takeover of our Company by the present Promoter, our Company was categorised as wilful defaulter in relation to default of payment in the year 2011 with respect to consortium finance availed from State Bank of India (‘ **SBI** ’), Axis Bank, Bank of India, Exim Bank, UCO Bank and Allahabad Bank (together referred to as ‘ **Consortium** ’). Subsequently, in 2018, our Company was taken over by the present Promoter under the settlement process, and all the outstanding amounts were paid off by our Company. We are in receipt of ‘No Dues Certificate’ from all banks forming part of the Consortium. In addition, our Company raised a query with CIBIL seeking clarification on the status of the Company as a wilful defaulter, in response to which CIBIL _vide_ email dated June 05, 2023 clarified that as per the enclosed screenshot extracted from the CIBIL Report of the Company, the status is clear and the Company is not reported as a wilful defaulter. 

As per the commercial credit report of the Company, issued by CIBIL, Bank of India Limited (“ **BoI** ”) continues to report the closed facility of the Company as ‘doubtful credit facility’ though the amount outstanding against the said facility is reflecting as ‘nil’. Our Company has no dues payable to any lender forming part of the Consortium including BoI and we have no dues certificate obtained from BoI and other lenders forming part of the Consortium. 

**16.** **_An inability to maintain adequate insurance coverage in connection with our business and Manufacturing Unit may adversely affect our operations and profitability._** 

We have obtained a number of insurance policies in connection with our operations and Manufacturing Unit including property insurance, product insurance, marine insurance and employee insurance. For further information, please refer to chapter titled “ _Our Business – Insurance_ ” on page 153. For Fiscals ended March 31, March 31, 2023, March 31 2022 and March 31, 2021 the aggregate insurance expenses incurred was ₹5.71 million, ₹ 5.84 million, ₹ 3.45 million which constituted 1.02%, 1.12% and 0.80% of our property, plant and equipment and capital work in progress respectively. 

While we are of the opinion that the insurance coverage which our Company maintains would be reasonably adequate to cover the normal risks associated with the manufacturing activities and other operations of our business, we cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has availed property, marine, employees, vehicle and product insurance and maintains a total insurance coverage of ₹ 6,336.96 million. The total insurance coverage maintained by our Company is at par with the standards of the industry in which we operate. However, we cannot guarantee that our Company’s insurance policies may provide adequate coverage in certain circumstances and the same are subject to certain deductibles, exclusions and limits on coverage. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, and which is not covered by insurance or exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**17.** **_A shortage or non-availability of essential utilities such as electricity, water and gas could affect our manufacturing operations and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

In addition, our facility and operations require constant power and fuel supply. For the Fiscals March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 our power and fuel expenses were ₹ 25.76 million, ₹ 29.26 million and ₹ 21.10 respectively constituting 0.96%, 1.22% and 1.46% of our revenue from operations respectively. We source the electricity and power requirements for our manufacturing facility mainly from state electricity boards. The quantum and nature of electricity and power requirements of our industry and Company is such that it cannot be supplemented/ augmented by alternative/ independent sources of power supply since it involves significant capital expenditure and per unit cost of electricity produced is high. To battle electricity failures, we also have one DG set of 1050 KVA to meet exigencies of Manufacturing Facility, however, we cannot assure you that our facilities will be operational during power failures. Any disruption in the supply of electricity may disrupt our operations, 

50 

which may interfere with manufacturing process, requiring us to either stop our operations or repeat activities which may involve additional time and increase our costs. If energy costs were to rise, or if electricity supplies or supply arrangements were disrupted, our profitability could decline. We source most of our electricity requirements for our Manufacturing Facility from state electricity board. While we trust we have adequate standby power supply, this may not be adequate if the disruption in the supply of the power is for a longer period. Additionally, such standby power supply may not be sufficient to enable us to operate our Manufacturing Facility at full capacity and any such disruption in the primary power supply available at our production facilities could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**18.** **_Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds with respect to unidentified acquisitions are based on management estimates and the same have not been independently appraised by a bank or a financial institution._** 

We intend to use the part of the Net Proceeds of the Offer for the carrying out acquisitions of entities having a similar or synergetic business to our Company and who remain unidentified by our Company as on date of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

The Objects of the Offer have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution, and our funding requirement is based on current conditions, internal estimates and are subject to changes in external circumstances or costs, or in other financial condition, business or strategy. Based on the competitive nature of our industry, we may have to revise our acquisition plans from time to time and consequently our funding requirements may also change. The process of identifying and acquiring such aforesaid entities having a similar or synergetic business to our Company may be time consuming and we cannot guarantee that the same can be done in a timely manner and on terms favourable to us. Further, any inherent risks associated with the target entity whom we propose to acquire i.e., any regulatory penalties, actions, third party claims, debt obligations etc., not known to us prior to such acquisition but liability of which is levied upon us after such acquisition may affect the interests of our Company adversely. Moreover, any failure or delay on our part to identify a suitable and appropriate target entity in a time bound manner may also have an adverse effect on the interests of the Company. The, investors in the Equity Shares will be relying on the judgment of our management regarding the application of the Net Proceeds and identifying a suitable and appropriate target business entity for the purpose of acquisition. Further, pursuant to Section 27 of the Companies Act, any variation in the Objects of the Offer would require a special resolution of the shareholders and the promoter or controlling shareholders will be required to provide an exit opportunity to the shareholders who do not agree to such proposal to vary the Objects of the Offer, at such price and in such manner in accordance with applicable law. Our Company, in accordance with the applicable law and to attain the objects set out above, will have the flexibility to deploy the Net Proceeds. Pending utilisation of the Net Proceeds for the purposes described above, our Company may temporarily deposit the Net Proceeds within one or more scheduled commercial banks included in the Second Schedule of Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 as may be approved by our Board. We will appoint a monitoring agency for monitoring the utilization of Net Proceeds in accordance with Regulation 41 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the monitoring agency will submit its report to us on a quarterly basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. At this stage, we cannot determine with any certainty if we would require the Net Proceeds to meet any other expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of competitive environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. In accordance with Sections 13(8) and 27 of the Companies Act, 2013, we cannot undertake any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds without obtaining the shareholders’ approval through a special resolution. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to undertake variation in the disclosed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain the shareholders approval in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such shareholders `’` approval may adversely affect our business or operations. Further, our Promoter would be liable to provide an exit opportunity to shareholders who do not agree with our proposal to change the objects of the Offer or vary the terms of such contracts, at a price and manner as prescribed by SEBI. Additionally, the requirement of our Promoter to provide an exit opportunity to such dissenting shareholders may deter the Promoters’ from agreeing to the variation of the proposed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. Further, we cannot assure you that the Promoter of our Company will have adequate resources at its disposal at all times to enable it to provide an exit opportunity at the price prescribed by SEBI. 

**19.** **_We derive significant portion of our revenues from our top five (05) customers located in India and globally to whom we sell our product offerings._** 

51 

We derive a major portion of our revenue from certain key customers, and accordingly, a material percentage of our future revenues will be dependent upon the successful continuation of our relationships with these customers or finding customers of similar size and scope. Our revenues may be adversely affected if there is an adverse change in any of our customers’ supply chain strategies or a reduction in their outsourcing of logistics operations, or if our customers decide to choose our competitors over us or if there is a significant reduction in the volume of our business with such customers. The following table sets forth the revenue contribution of our top 5 for the years/ periods indicated. 

||||||_(amou_|_nt in ₹ million)_|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Revenue by**|**Ma**|**rch 31, 2023**|**M**|**arch 31, 2022**|**Ma**|**rch 31, 2021**|
|**customers**|**Amount**|**% of**|**Amount**|**% of**|**Amount**|**% of**|
|||**revenue**||**revenue**||**revenue**|
|||**from**||**from**||**from**|
|||**operations**||**operations**||**operations**|
|Top5|649.50|24.10|795.11|33.02|466.08|32.19|



Further to the above, some of our Company's top customers are multi-national corporations, and a downturn in the global markets may adversely affect their operations, thereby affecting our business, cash flows, financial conditions or results of operations. During period of economic downturn, many companies may propose to reduce fixed costs, and may accordingly limit their use of our products. We may also experience more competitive pricing pressure during periods of economic downturn. If, in the event of unfavorable economic conditions, companies limit their spending on the products which we provide, it may have a material adverse effect on our financial and operating performance. Economic recovery is difficult to predict, and may be short lived, slow or uneven, with certain regions continuing to experience declines or weakness in economic activity while others improve. Differing economic conditions and patterns of economic growth or contraction in the geographical regions in which we operate may affect demand for our business services. Negative developments in one or more regions we operate in could result in a reduction in demand for our services, the cancellation or delay of contracts already placed, difficulty in collecting receivables, and a higher cost of doing business, any of which could adversely affect our business, cash flows, results of operations or financial condition. 

## **20.** **_Our Company was one of the noticees in the Show Cause Notice dated October 22, 2021(“SCN”) issued by SEBI under Rule 4(1) of the SEBI (Procedure for Holding Inquiry and Imposing Penalties) Rules, 1995._** 

Our Company was one of the noticees in the Show Cause Notice dated October 22, 2021(“SCN”) issued by SEBI under Rule 4(1) of the SEBI (Procedure for Holding Inquiry and Imposing Penalties) Rules, 1995. 

Our Company was one of the parties against whom, SEBI had initiated adjudication proceedings under S.15HA of the SEBI Act for the alleged violations of S.12 (a), (b), (c) of the SEBI Act. Our Company along with the other noticees filed replies vide letters dated November 20, 2021, November 26, 2021, November 27, 2021 and December 13, 2021 and opportunity of hearing was provided on December 15, 2021. Upon submission of replies, after carrying investigation and conducting the hearing of parties, SEBI passed an adjudication order vide order no. Order/MC/RM/2021-22/14819-14829 dated January 28, 2022 disposing the adjudication proceedings. Additionally, no monetary penalty was imposed on our Company or any other noticees as the allegations did not have any merit and the same could not be established substantially. 

Regardless of any monetary penalty not being imposed and any adverse order not being passed against our Company, we cannot assure you that we won’t be subject to any type of aforementioned proceedings in the future. In the event we are subject to any type of such aforementioned proceedings or actions by statutory and regulatory authorities, our business, financial conditions, profitability and reputation may be affected adversely. 

## **21.** **_Our Company has unsecured loan that may be recalled by the lender at any time._** 

Our Company have currently availed unsecured loan which may be recalled by the lenders at any time. In such cases, the lender is empowered to require repayment of the facility at any point in time during the tenor. In case the loan is recalled on demand by the lender and our Company is unable to repay the outstanding amounts under the facility at that point, it would constitute an event of default under the respective loan agreements. As a result, of any such demand with respect to the loans of our Company may affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. For the Fiscal March 31, 2023 and as on March 31, 2022, we had unsecured loans amounting to ₹ 70.56 million and ₹ 40.00 million respectively which constituted 15.68% and 10.22% of the total borrowings respectively. For further details, please refer to chapter titled “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” beginning on page 225. 

52 

**22.** **_Mr. Mustafa Abid Kachwala our Whole-time Director and Chief Financial Officer continues to be our Board, who was on Board when our Company’s name was categorised as a ‘wilful defaulter’._** 

Mr. Mustafa Abid Kachwala, our Whole-time Director and Chief Financial Officer acting in his professional capacity was one of the directors on the Board of our Company when we went into settlement process with the lenders and Company’s name was declared as a wilful defaulter. However, Mr. Mustafa Abid Kachwala has not been declared or categorised as a ‘Wilful Defaulter’. Considering Mr. Mustafa Abid Kachwala’s expertise/ involvement in the field of accounts  and finance, he was retained on our Board even after our Company’s takeover by our current Promoter in the year 2018. 

**23.** **_The industry in which we operate is labour intensive and our manufacturing operations may be materially adversely affected by strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees or those of our suppliers._** 

Stainless steel hoses industry being labour intensive we are heavily dependent on both skilled and un-skilled labour force for smoothly carrying out our manufacturing operations. As on date of this RHP, our Company has engaged 44 (fourty-four) contract labourers while our Company is permitted to engage a maximum of 75 (seventy five) contract labourers. Shortage of skilled or unskilled personnel or work stoppages caused by disagreements or disputes with employees or other labour that we engage could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and product delivery schedule. Though our Company has not experienced any major disruptions in our business and manufacturing operations due to disputes or other problems with our work force in the past; however there can be no assurance that we will not experience such disruptions in the future. Such disruptions may adversely affect our business and results of operations and may also need significant management attention and result in increased costs and expenses. India has strict labour legislation that protects the interests of workers, including legislation that sets forth detailed procedures for the establishment of unions, dispute resolution and employee removal and legislation that imposes certain financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment. We are also subject to laws and regulations governing relationships with employees and other labour that we engage, in such areas as minimum wage and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and terminating of employees and work permits. If our employees and other labour that we engage resort to any strikes or work stoppages, it may become difficult for us to maintain flexible labour policies, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We engage independent contractors through whom we engage contract labourers for performance of certain functions at our Manufacturing Facility for the performance of non-core tasks. Although we do not engage these labourers directly, we are responsible for any wage and statutory payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractors. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and our financial conditions. In addition, we may be liable for or exposed to litigations, sanctions, penalties or losses arising from accidents or damages caused by our workers or contractors. 

**24.** **_Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds are based on management estimates and we have not entered into any definitive arrangements to utilize certain portions of the Net Proceeds of the Issue and have not been independently appraised by a bank or a financial institution Any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders’ approval._** 

We intend to use the Net Proceeds of the offer for the purposes described in the section titled “Objects of the Offer” on page 99. The Objects of the Offer comprise funding incremental working capital requirements of our Company, repayment/prepayment, in part or full, of certain of our borrowings and general corporate purposes. 

The Objects of the Offer have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution, and our funding requirement is based on current conditions, internal estimates and are subject to changes in external circumstances or costs, or in other financial condition, business or strategy. Based on the competitive nature of our industry, we may have to revise our business plan and/ or management estimates from time to time and consequently our funding requirements may also change. Such internal estimates may differ from the value that would have been determined by third party appraisals, which may require us to reschedule or reallocate our expenditure, subject to applicable laws. In case of increase in actual expenses or shortfall in requisite funds, additional funds for a particular activity will be met by any means available to us, including internal accruals and additional equity and/or debt arrangements, and may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash 

53 

flows. Accordingly, investors in the Equity Shares will be relying on the judgment of our management regarding the application of the Net Proceeds. Further, pursuant to Section 27 of the Companies Act, any variation in the Objects of the Offer would require a special resolution of the shareholders and the promoter or controlling shareholders will be required to provide an exit opportunity to the shareholders who do not agree to such proposal to vary the Objects of the Offer, at such price and in such manner in accordance with applicable law. Our Company, in accordance with the applicable law and to attain the objects set out above, will have the flexibility to deploy the Net Proceeds. Pending utilisation of the Net Proceeds for the purposes described above, our Company may temporarily deposit the Net Proceeds within one or more scheduled commercial banks included in the Second Schedule of Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 as may be approved by our Board. We will appoint a monitoring agency for monitoring the utilization of Net Proceeds in accordance with Regulation 41 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the monitoring agency will submit its report to us on a quarterly basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. At this stage, we cannot determine with any certainty if we would require the Net Proceeds to meet any other expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of competitive environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. In accordance with Sections 13(8) and 27 of the Companies Act, 2013, we cannot undertake any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds without obtaining the shareholders’ approval through a special resolution. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to undertake variation in the disclosed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain the shareholders’ approval in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such shareholders’ approval may adversely affect our business or operations. Further, our Promoter would be liable to provide an exit opportunity to shareholders who do not agree with our proposal to change the objects of the Offer or vary the terms of such contracts, at a price and manner as prescribed by SEBI. Additionally, the requirement of our Promoter to provide an exit opportunity to such dissenting shareholders may deter the Promoters’ from agreeing to the variation of the proposed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. Further, we cannot assure you that the Promoter of our Company will have adequate resources at its disposal at all times to enable it  to provide an exit opportunity at the price prescribed by SEBI. 

## **25.** **_Our Company’s profitability significantly depends upon our capability to provide customized Flexible Flow Solutions._** 

Considering the complex nature of the use of our products we always endeavour to maintain high quality metrics for the usage of our products. Our customers have certain complex expectations for product quality, its application and certain structural as well other requirements. We try to ensure that our products entirely conform to the specific requirements of our customers. We regularly conduct quality tests of our products prior to the delivering them to our customers however, we do not have a dedicated quality assurance team which conducts critical inspections. Further, though our Company has a significantly experienced R&D team, we may not be able to guarantee entire conformity with the complex requirements and specifications of our customers leading to a loss of customers or loss of repeat orders. Considering the above, there may be defects in our products which might result in product recalls and repairs over our customers. For further details pertaining to our Company’s capability, please refer to heading titled ‘ _Capability to provide customized solutions_ ’ in chapter titled ‘ _Our Business_ ’ on page 148. 

## **26.** **_We are dependent on our management team, number of Key Managerial Personnel and persons with technical expertise and the loss of or our inability to attract or retain such persons could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are dependent on our Directors, senior management and other Key Managerial Personnel as well as person with technical expertise for setting our strategy and business direction. Our senior management team has significant experience in in the industry we operate. The inputs and experience of our management and other person with technical expertise is valuable for the development of our business and operations and the strategic directions taken by our Company. We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain them or find adequate replacements in a timely manner, or at all. Our ability to meet continued success and future business challenges depends on our ability to attract, recruit, retain and train experienced, talented and skilled professionals. The loss of the services of any key personnel or our inability to recruit or train a sufficient number of experienced personnel or our inability to manage the attrition levels in different employee categories may have an adverse effect on our financial results and business prospects. For Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021 the attrition rate of our Company was 7.31% , 7.17% and 10.16%. Further, as we expect to continue to expand our operations and develop new products, we will need to continue to attract and retain experienced management personnel. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, our results of operations may be adversely affected. 

54 

**27.** **_Our financing agreements impose certain restrictions on our operations such as restrictions on availing any new facilities, restrictions on payouts in form of salary/remuneration to directors and restrictions on changes in shareholding and directorship of the Company. Our failure to comply with such aforesaid operational and financial covenants may adversely affect our reputation, business and financial condition._** 

We have secured borrowings (long term and short term including current maturity) outstanding amounting to ₹ 379.50 million, ₹ 351.27 million, ₹ 449.62 million for the Fiscals March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021. Certain of our financing arrangements impose restrictions on the utilization of the loan for certain specified purposes only, such as for the purposes of meeting specific capital expenditure, infrastructure repairs and renovation of existing production units including office premises in India, working capital use and related activities. Pursuant to the loan documentation executed by our Company, our Company is required to obtain prior consent from our lenders for, among other matters, amending our memorandum of association or articles of association, our capital structure, changing the composition of our management, Board of Directors, key managerial personnel or operating structure, effecting any change in the beneficial ownership or management control of our  Company, undertaking merger or amalgamation, changing our constitution, issuance of Equity Shares, making certain kinds of investments, declaring dividends, making certain payments (including payment of dividends, redemption of shares, prepayment of indebtedness, payment of interest on unsecured loans and investments), undertaking any new project or further capital expenditure or implementing any scheme of expansion or diversification, investing, lending, extending advances, undertaking any kind of guarantee obligation on behalf of any third party or placing deposits with any other concern, entering into borrowing arrangements with any other bank, financial institution or company, creating any charges, lien or encumbrances over its assets or undertaking or any part thereof in favour of any third party, selling, assigning, mortgaging or disposing off any fixed assets charged to a lender, effecting any change in the nature of our business activities or in the nature or scope of our projects or any change in the financing plan, creation of security interest in secured properties and raising further indebtedness. Further, for the purpose of the Offer, our Company has obtained the necessary consents from its lenders, as required under the relevant facility documentations for undertaking activities relating to the Offer including consequent actions, such as changes / amendments to, including but not limited to, the constitutional documents (memorandum of association and/or articles of association) of our Company, the composition of its management set-up, the shareholding pattern, repayment/pre-payment of loans,  etc. For further details, see `“` _Financial Indebtedness_ `”` beginning on page 225. 

**28.** **_Our Promoter is engaged in the business of investing in entities carrying out diverse businesses ranging across multiple industries. Any sudden downfall in the value of investments made by our Promoter may adversely affect the Promoter’s profitability which in turn may have a negative impact on our Company._** 

Our Promoter being engaged in investment activities has made more than 125 investments in start-ups across 30 different industries. Risks pertaining to aspects such as liquidity, concentration, market fluctuations etc. are inherently attached to the investment activities of our Promoter. For further details regarding the business of our Promoter, please refer to chapter titled ‘ _Our Promoter and Promoter Group_ ’ on page 208 of this Red Herring Prospectus. There can be no assurance that the investments made by our Promoter will yield the desired returns in a time bound manner or at all which may result into reduced profitability or loss for our Promoter. 

Such loss or any other adverse impact on our Promoter’s business may have a negative impact on our Company’s business and profitability which would not be in the best interest of our Company. 

**29.** **_There are outstanding dues owed by our Company to creditors, material creditors and micro, small and medium enterprises._** 

In accordance with the materiality resolution dated May 20, 2022, as on March 31, 2023 our Company has 2 material creditors. Further, as on March 31, 2023 our Company has 124 creditors and the aggregate outstanding dues these creditors by our Company are ₹ 366.30 million. Moreover, as on March 31, 2023 our Company owes an amount of ₹ 88.31 to micro, small and medium enterprises as defined under Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006. For further details, please refer to chapter titled ‘ _Outstanding Litigations and Material Developments_ ’ under heading titled ‘ _Outstanding Dues to Small Scale Undertakings or Any Other Creditors_ ’ on page 266 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

There can be no assurance that our Company will be able to honor its payment obligations in a timely manner or at all. In the event our Company defaults in honouring its payments obligations, our Company will be exposed to litigation proceedings and claims made by such creditors which would adversely affect the business and profitability of our Company. 

55 

**30.** **_This Red Herring Prospectus contains information from an industry report which we have paid for and commissioned from D&B, appointed by our Company pursuant to an engagement letter dated March 22, 2023. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical, financial and other industry information is either complete or accurate._** 

This Red Herring Prospectus includes industry-related information that is derived from the industry report titled “ _Industry Analysis on Flexible Flow Solutions Market in India_ ” dated March 29, 2023 (“ **D&B Report** ”), prepared by _D&B_ , appointed by our Company pursuant to an engagement letter dated March 22,2023. We commissioned and paid for this report for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the “ _Industry Analysis on Flexible Flow Solutions Market in India_ ” in India only for the purpose of the Issue. The D&B Report shall be available on the website of our Company at www.aeroflexindia.com in compliance with applicable laws. Our Company, our Promoter, and our Directors are not related to _D&B_ . _D&B_ has advised that while it has taken reasonable care to ensure the accuracy and completeness of the _D&B_ Report, it believes that the _D&B_ Report presents a true and fair view of the industry within the limitations of, among others, secondary statistics and primary research, and it does not purport to be exhaustive, and that the results that can be or are derived from these findings are based on certain assumptions and parameters / conditions. As such, a blanket, generic use of the derived results or the methodology is not encouraged. The commissioned report also highlights certain industry and market data, which may be subject to assumptions. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which we conduct our business, and methodologies and assumptions vary widely among different industry sources. Further, such assumptions may change based on various factors. We cannot assure you that _D&B_ ’s assumptions are correct or will not change and, accordingly, our position in the market may differ, favourably or unfavourably, from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, the commissioned report is not a recommendation to invest or disinvest in our Company. Prospective Investors are advised not to unduly rely on the commissioned report or extracts thereof as included in this Red Herring Prospectus, when making their investment decisions. 

**31.** **_If we are unable to sustain or manage our growth, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be materially adversely affected._** 

We have experienced growth of 86.06% over the period of three years. For Fiscal March 31, 2023, we had a total income of ₹ 2,694.78 million, as compared to ₹ 1,448.35 million for the Fiscal March 31, 2021. Our operations have grown over the last few Fiscals. We may not be able to sustain our rates of growth, due to a variety of reasons including a decline in the demand for our products, bad debts on account of poorer recovery from our customers, increased price competition, reduction in margins, non-availability of raw materials, lack of management availability or a general slowdown in the economy. A failure to sustain our growth may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We are embarking on a growth strategy which involves strengthening our core capabilities across focus industries and building scale, investing in enhancing our design capabilities, expanding our geographical footprint, strengthening our supply chain ecosystem and enhancing our product diversity and complexity, and exploring adjacencies. Such growth strategy will place significant demands on our management as well as our financial, accounting and operating systems and require us to continuously evolve and improve our operational, financial and internal controls across our organization. If we are unable to increase our manufacturing capacity, we may not be able to successfully execute our growth strategy. Further, as we scale-up and diversify our products, and increase our customer base, we may not be able to execute our operations efficiently, which may result in delays, increased costs, increase in bad debts and lower quality products. We cannot assure you that our future performance or growth strategy will be in line with our past performance or growth strategy. Our failure to manage our growth effectively may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, collections and cash flows. 

**32.** **_We require a number of approvals, NOCs, licences, registrations and permits in the ordinary course of our business and our Company requires to renew a number of approvals, licenses, registrations and permits to develop and operate our business and operations and any failure or delay to obtain or renew them in a timely manner may adversely affect our operations and results._** 

We need to apply for approvals which are required to carry out our manufacturing and other activities, from time to time, as and when required in the ordinary course of our business. Any failure to avail the approvals, licences, registrations or permits, or any suspension or revocation of any of the approvals, licences, registrations and permits that have been or may be issued to us, could result in delaying the operations of our business, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Furthermore, our failure to comply with existing or increased regulations, or the introduction of changes to existing regulations, could adversely affect 

56 

our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our Company has made applications for the abovementioned approvals, licenses and registrations but currently our Company has not have received the same, Produced below is a list of licenses/approvals for which applications have been made by our Company and Subsidiary which are currently pending for approval: 

- a) Our Company vide application dated March 21, 2023 has applied to Directorate of Maharashtra Fire Services for the revised No Objection Certificate under Maharashtra Fire Prevention and Life Safety Measures Act, 2006. 

- b) Our Company _vide_ application dated June 02, 2023 has applied to Directorate of Maharashtra Fire Services for the Provisional No Objection Certificate under under Maharashtra Fire Prevention and Life Safety Measures Act, 2006 

Though there have been no instances in the past where an application for any license or registration of our Company has been rejected, any failure to renew the approvals that will expire, or to failure/delay to apply for and obtain the required approvals, licences, registrations or permits, or any suspension or revocation of any of the approvals, licences, registrations and permits that have been or may be issued to us, could result in delaying the operations of our business, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

In the future, we will be required to renew such permits and approvals and obtain new set of permits and approvals for our operations. While we believe that we will be able to renew or obtain such permits and approvals as and when required, there can be no assurance that the relevant authorities will issue any of such permits or approvals in the time-frame anticipated by us or at all. Failure by us to renew, maintain or obtain the required permits or approvals, including those set forth above, may result in the interruption of our operations or delay or prevent our operations plans and may have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further information, please refer to the chapter titled “ _Government and Other Statutory Approvals_ ” on page 261 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**33.** **_Our Company has in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future. There can be no assurance that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our Company’s financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our Company has entered into various transactions with our Corporate Promoter, Executive Director and Group Company. While we trust that all such transactions are conducted on arm’s length basis, there can be no assurance that we could not have achieved more favorable terms had such transactions were not entered into with related parties. Furthermore, it is likely that we will enter into related party transactions in future. There can be no assurance that such transactions, individually or in aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation details on the transactions entered by us, please refer to “ _Restated Consolidated_ – _Financial Information Note 41- Related party disclosure_ ” on page 219 of this RHP. 

|**Name of the**<br>**related party**|**Nature**<br>**of**<br>**relationship**|**Natur**<br>**transa**|**e**<br>**of**<br>**ction**|**the**|**Year**<br>**March**<br>**2023**|**ended**<br> <br>**31,**|**Year**<br>**March**<br>**2022**|**ended**<br> <br>**31,**|**Year**<br>**March**<br>**2021**|**ended**<br> <br>**31,**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Asad Daud<sup>1)</sup>|Managing Director|Direct<br>remun|or<br>eration|||8.31||3.84||3.11|
|Mustafa<br>Abid<br>Kachwala<sup>1)</sup>|Whole-time<br>Director and Chief<br>Financial Officer|Direct<br>remun|or<br>eration|||1.06||0.96||0.87|
|Sat<br>Industries<br>Limited|Holding Company|Loan<br>repaid|taken<br>|and||40.00||60.79||81.17|
|Sat<br>Industries<br>Limited|Holding Company|Interes|t expense|s||0.77||9.05||21.58|
|Sat<br>Industries<br>Limited|Holding Company|Financ<br>manag<br>charge|ial<br>ement<br>s|||11.18||4.20||-|
|Sat<br>Industries<br>Limited|Holding Company|Divide|nd paid|||21.08||-||-|



57 

|Italica<br>Global<br>FZC|Wholly<br>owned<br>subsidiary<br>of<br>HoldingCompany|Sales|37.40|62.83<br>11.00|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Italica<br>Global<br>FZC|Wholly<br>owned<br>subsidiary<br>of<br>HoldingCompany|Dividend paid|1.49|-<br>-|
|Madhuri Vyas|Earlier<br>Company<br>Secretary|Salary|-|0.28<br>0.42|
|Kinjal Kamlesh<br>Shah|Company<br>Secretary|Salary|0.59|0.18<br>-|
|Deepak Kalera|Former CFO|Salary|1.60|-<br>-|
|_1) Dividend paid to Asad Dau_<br>**Outstanding balan**|_d and Mustafa Abid Kachwala for_<br>**ces payable to:**|_₹100/- each is not included in transacti_|_ons mentioned abov_|_e as the amount paid is not significant._ <br>_(₹ In Million)_|
|**Name**|**Nature of**<br>**transaction**|**For Fiscal March**<br>**31, 2023**|**For Fiscal**<br>**31, 2022**|**March**<br>**For Fiscal March**<br>**31, 2021**|
|Sat Industries<br>Limited|Borrowings|-||-<br>60.79|
|Sat Industries<br>Limited|Interest payable|<br>-||-<br>-|



## **KMP compensation:** 

|||||||_(₹ in million)_<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**For**<br>**2023**|**Fiscal March 31,**<br>|**For**<br>**202**|**Fiscal March 31,**<br>**2**|**For Fiscal**<br>**2021**|**March 31,**|
|Short<br>term<br>employee||12.16||5.26||4.40|
|benefits|||||||
|Short<br>term<br>employee<br>benefits||-||-||-|
|Long<br>term<br>employee<br>benefits||-||-||-|
|Termination benefits||-||-||-|
|Employee<br>share<br>based||-||-||-|
|payment|||||||
|Total||12.16||5.26||4.40|



Note-All related party transactions are carry out at Arm’s Length Price (ALP). Further, list of the related parties and all related party transactions, are disclosure under Ind AS 24 and / or as covered under section 188(2) of the Companies Act, 2013 (as amended), SEBI (LODR) Regulations and other statutory compliances .Furthermore, in respect of all/any conflicts of interest arises among the equity shareholders in relation to the related party transactions entered in the past, there are no such conflicts of interest arises among the equity shareholders in relation to related party transactions. There can be no assurance that such transactions, individually or taken together, will not have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition, including because of potential conflicts of interest or otherwise. In addition, our business and growth prospects may decline if we cannot benefit from our relationships with them in the future. As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has conducted its related party transactions at an arm’s length basis and in compliance with Companies Act, 2013 and other applicable laws. 

## **34.** **_We are unable to trace some of our historical records. Consequently, we may be subject to regulatory actions and penalties for any such non-compliance and our business, financial condition and reputation may be adversely affected._** 

We have been unable to locate copies of certain of our corporate records, such as Form 2 dated March 31, 1994 pertaining to allotment of 9,000 equity shares of the Company, filed by us in physical form with the Registrar of Companies, (“ **RoC** ”). While we believe that these forms were duly filed on a timely basis, we have not been able to obtain copies of these documents from the RoC or otherwise. The relevant documents are also not available at 

58 

the office of the RoC Mumbai as certified by S.K. Jain & Company, Practicing Company Secretaries in their report dated May 10, 2022. Though, the details of these allotments have been included in the Minutes Book and statutory registers, Annual returns, we cannot assure you that we will not be subject to any penalties imposed by the relevant regulatory authority in this respect. 

We cannot assure you that the relevant corporate records will become available in the future or that regulatory proceedings or actions will not be initiated against us in the future and we will not be subject to any penalty imposed by the competent regulatory authority in this respect. We cannot assure you that the relevant corporate records will become available in the future or that regulatory proceedings or actions will not be initiated against us in the future and we will not be subject to any penalty imposed by the competent regulatory authority in this respect. Further we cannot assure you that we will not be subject to any legal proceedings or regulatory actions, including monetary penalties by statutory authorities on account of any inadvertent discrepancies in our secretarial filings and/or corporate records in the future, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and reputation. 

## **35.** **_Pursuant to listing of the Equity shares, we may be subject to pre-emptive surveillance measures like additional Surveillance Measures (“ASM”) and Graded surveillance Measures (“GSM”) by the Stock Exchanges in the order to enhance market integrity and safeguard the interest of the investors._** 

On and post the listing of equity shares, we may be subject to ASM and GSM by the Stock Exchange(s) and the Securities and Exchange Board of India. These measures have been introduced in order to enhance market integrity, and safeguard the interest of investors and to alert and advise investors to be extra cautious and carry out necessary due diligence while dealing in such securities. 

The criteria for shortlisting any scrip trading on the Stock Exchange(s) under the ASM is based on an objective criteria as jointly decided by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges(s) which include market based dynamic parameters such as high low variations, client concentration, close to close price variation, market capitalization, volume variation, delivery percentage, number of unique PAN’s and price to equity ratio. A scrip is typically subjected GSM measures where there is an abnormal price rise that is not commensurate with the financial heath and fundamentals of a company which inter alia includes factors like earnings, book value, fixed assets and net worth to the equity ratio etc. The price of our equity shares may also fluctuate after the offer due to several factors such as volatility in the Indian and global securities market, our profitability and performance, the performance of our competitors, change in the estimates of our performance or any other political or economic factor. The occurrence of any of the above-mentioned factors may trigger the parameters identified by SEBI and the Stock Exchange(s) for the placing securities under the GSM and ASM framework. In the event of our Equity Shares are covered under such Pre-emptive surveillance measures implemented by SEBI and the Stock Exchange(s), we may be subject to certain additional restrictions in the relation to trading of our Equity Shares such as limiting trading frequency (for example trading either allowed in a week or a month) higher margin requirements of settlement  on a trade for trade basis without netting off requirement of settlement on gross basis or freezing price on upper side of trading which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Equity Shares or may in general cause disruptions in the development of an active market for and trading and liquidity of our Equity Shares and on the reputation and conditions of our Company. 

## **36.** **_We do not have documentary evidence for the educational qualification and experience proof of one of our Directors, included in “Our Management” in this Red Herring Prospectus_** 

Our Whole-time Director and CFO, Mustafa Abid Kanchwala is unable to trace copies of his school certificate or college certificate a pertaining to his educational qualifications and work experience. Accordingly, we have placed reliance on declarations, undertakings and affidavits furnished by the Director to disclose details of his educational qualification in this RHP and we have not been able to corroborate these details in the absence of primary documentary evidence. We cannot assure you that all or any of the information relating to the educational qualifications of the Director included in “ _Our Management_ ” on page 189 of this Red Herring Prospectus are complete, true and accurate. 

59 

**37.** **_Our Promoter and other persons have extended guarantees for loan facilities availed by our Company. Revocation of any or all of these guarantees may adversely affect our business operations and financial condition_** 

Our Promoter- Sat Industries Limited have extended corporate guarantee and personal guarantees, respectively, as security for loan facilities availed by our Company. Revocation of any or all of these guarantees may adversely affect our business operations and financial condition. Guarantees have been extended in favour of Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited with respect to the loan facilities availed by our Company from them. Our Promoter vide guarantee deed dated August 01, 2018 (“ **Guarantee Deed** ”) has provided a corporate guarantee in favour of Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited for credit facilities sanctioned with an overall limit of ₹550.00 million. The Guarantee Deed shall remain in force until the final settlement date i.e., until all dues are discharged by the Company. Further, the Guarantee Deed provides for disclosure of default, disclosure of information, interpretation and disclosure of default clauses. In the event any of these guarantees are revoked or withdrawn, our lender may require us to furnish alternate guarantees or an additional security or may demand a repayment of the outstanding amounts under the said facilities sanctioned or may even terminate the facilities sanctioned to us. There can be no assurance that our Company will be able to arrange such alternative guarantees or provide an alternate collateral security in a timely manner or at all. If our lender enforce these restrictive covenants or exercise their options under the relevant debt financing agreements, our operations and use of assets may be significantly hampered and lender may demand the payment of the entire outstanding amount and this in turn may also affect our further borrowing abilities thereby adversely affecting our business and operations. 

**38.** **_The Offer Price, market capitalization to total income multiple, market capitalization to earnings multiple, price to earnings ratio and enterprise value to EBITDA ratio based on the Offer Price of our Company, may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares on listing._** 

Our EBITDA for the Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 was ₹ 540.33 million, ₹ 466.92 million, ₹ 223.35 million, respectively aggregating to 20.05%, 19.39% and 15.43% of revenue from operations and profit after tax for Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 was ₹ 301.52 million, ₹ 275.06 million and ₹ 60.11 million respectively aggregating to 11.19%, 11.42% and 4.15% of revenue from operations. Our market capitalization (based on the upper end of the Price Band) to total income (Fiscal 2023) multiple is 5.18 times; our market capitalization (based on the upper end of the Price Band) to earnings (Fiscal 2023) multiple is 46.32 times; our price to earnings ratio (based on Fiscal 2023 profit for the year) is 40.91 at the upper end of the Price Band; The Offer Price of the Equity Shares of face value ₹2/- each will be determined on the basis of assessment of market demand for the Equity Shares offered through a book-building process, and certain quantitative and qualitative factors as set out in the section titled “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 122, and the Offer Price, multiples and ratios may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares on listing or thereafter. Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India and international markets, regulatory amendments, strategic alliances, COVID-19 related or similar situations, volatility in the securities markets in India and other jurisdictions, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors _._ 

## **39.** **_Any increase in interest rates would have an adverse effect on our results of operations and will expose our Company to interest rate risks._** 

We are dependent upon the availability of equity, cash balances and debt financing to fund our operations and growth. Our secured debt has been availed at floating rates of interest. Any fluctuations in interest rates may directly impact the interest costs of such loans and, in particular, any increase in interest rates could adversely affect our results of operations. Furthermore, our indebtedness means that a material portion of our expected cash flow may be required to be dedicated to the payment of interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the funds available to us for use in our general business operations. If interest rates increase, our interest payments will increase and our ability to obtain additional debt and non-fund based facilities could be adversely affected with a 

60 

concurrent adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further details, please refer chapter titled “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” beginning on page 225 of this RHP. 

**40.** **_Any inability to protect our intellectual property or any claims that we infringe on the intellectual property rights of others could have a material adverse effect on us._** 

As on March 31, 2023, we have 2 registered trademarks, and 1 trademark is objected. Although we have filed our submissions with the Trade Marks Registry stating that the trademark was coined by the Company and there should be no likelihood of confusion among public, we await further notice/ action. Such legal proceedings could be time consuming and costly and could also harm our reputation. Our Company is also the registered owner of ‘Artistic Work’ having the title ‘Aeroflex’ carrying registration number A-146780/2023. The  measures  we take  to  protect  our  intellectual  property  initiating  legal  proceedings, may  not  be  adequate to  prevent such objections raised on our trademarks.  Further, we may not be able to prevent infringement of our trademarks and a passing off action may not provide sufficient protection until such time that the registration is granted. For instance, we have filed a notice of opposition against application no. 5150129 under class 17 for the impugned mark “AEROFLEX HYDRAULIC” made by another party as it shares uncanny deceptive, phonetic, and conceptual similarity with our trademark AEROFLEX. We are also exposed to the risk that other entities may pass off their products as ours by imitating our brand name, packaging material and to create counterfeit products. There may be other companies or vendors which operate in the unorganized segment using our trade name or brand names. Any such activities could harm the reputation of our brand and sales of our products, which could in turn adversely affect our financial performance and the market price of the Equity Shares. The measures we take to protect our intellectual property include relying on Indian laws and initiating legal proceedings, which may not be adequate to prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties. 

Furthermore, the application of laws governing intellectual property rights in India is uncertain and evolving and could involve substantial risks to us. Notwithstanding the precautions we take to protect our intellectual property rights, it is possible that third parties may copy or otherwise infringe on our rights, which may have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

While we  take  care  to  ensure  that  we  comply  with  the  intellectual  property  rights  of  others,  we  cannot determine  with  certainty  whether  we  are  infringing any  existing  third-party  intellectual  property  rights which  may  force  us  to  alter  our  brand  names.  We may also be susceptible to  claims  from  third  parties asserting infringement and other related claims. If similar claims are raised in the future, these claims could result in costly litigation, divert management’s attention and resources, subject us to significant liabilities and requires  to  enter  into  potentially  expensive  royalty  or  licensing  agreements  or  to  cease  usage  of certain brand names. Furthermore, necessary licenses may not be available to us on satisfactory terms, if at all. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

## **41.** **_The outbreak and after-effects of COVID-19, or outbreak of any other severe communicable disease could have a potential impact on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

The outbreak, of any severe communicable disease, as seen in the recent outbreak and aftermath of COVID-19, could materially and adversely affect business sentiment and environment across industries. In addition, our revenue and profitability could be impacted to the extent that a natural disaster, health epidemic or other outbreak harms the Indian and global economy in general. The outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in authorities implementing several measures such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders, and lockdowns. These measures have impacted and may further impact our workforce and operations and also the operations of our clients. A rapid increase in severe cases and deaths where measures taken by governments fail or are lifted prematurely, may cause significant economic disruption in India and in the rest of the world. The scope, duration and frequency of such measures and the adverse effects of COVID-19 remain uncertain and could be severe. 

During the lockdown period in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, our Company had certain interim measures in place to ensure business and operational continuity. Our employees worked remotely. However, certain of our operations are dependent on various information technology systems and applications which may not be 

61 

adequately supported by a robust business continuity plan, which could impact our business in the event of a disaster of any nature. Although we continue to devote resources and management focus, there can be no assurance that these programs will operate effectively. 

**42.** **_If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to successfully manage or accurately report our financial risk._** 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to prepare reliable financial reports and effectively prevent and detect any frauds or misuse of funds. Moreover, any internal controls that we may implement, or our level of compliance with such controls, may decline over time. There can be no assurance that additional deficiencies or lacks in our internal controls will not arise in the future, or that we will be able to implement and continue to maintain adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies of lacks in our internal controls. If internal control weaknesses are identified in a delayed manner, our actions may not be sufficient to correct such internal control weakness. Such instances may also adversely affect our reputation, thereby adversely impacting our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**43.** **_Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon our future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants in our financing arrangements._** 

The amount of our future dividend payments, if any, will depend upon various factors including our future earnings, financial condition, cash flows and requirement to fund operations and expansion of the business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to declare dividends. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors. For further details, please refer to chapter titled “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on 219 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**44.** **_Employee fraud or misconduct could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain clients and subject us to significant legal liability and reputational harm._** 

Our Company’s business is exposed to the risk of employee misappropriation, fraud, misconduct and negligence. Our employees could make improper use or disclose confidential and proprietary information of sensitive nature, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious reputational or financial harm. While we take significant efforts to monitor, detect and prevent fraud or misappropriation by our employees, through various internal control measures, we may be unable to adequately prevent or deter such activities in all cases. Our dependence upon automated systems to record and process transactions may further increase the risk that technical system flaws or employee tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect. While we have not been able to identify such issues in the past, there could be instances of fraud and misconduct by our employees, which may go unnoticed for certain periods of time before corrective action is taken. In addition, we may be subject to regulatory or other proceedings, penalties or other actions in connection with any such unauthorized transaction, fraud or misappropriation by our employees, which could adversely affect our goodwill, business prospects and future financial performance. We may also be required to make good any monetary loss to the affected party. Even when we identify instances of fraud and other misconduct and pursue legal recourse or file claims with our insurance carriers, we cannot assure you that we will recover any amounts lost through such fraud or other misconduct. 

**45.** **_Our Company will not receive any proceeds from the offer for sale by the Promoter Selling Shareholder._** 

The Offer consists of the Fresh Issue by our Company and an Offer for Sale by the Promoter Selling Shareholder. The entire proceeds of the Offer for Sale will be transferred to the Promoter Selling Shareholder and will not result in any creation of value for us or in respect of your investment in our Company. 

**46.** **_Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as Indian GAAP, IFRS and U.S. GAAP, which may be material to investors’ assessments of our financial condition, result of operations and cash flows._** 

62 

Our restated summary statements of assets and liabilities, restated summary statements of profit and loss (including other comprehensive income), cash flows and changes in equity for the Fiscals March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 have been prepared in accordance with the Ind AS. 

We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP, IFRS or any other system of accounting principles on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP, IFRS or any other accounting principles. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS and Indian GAAP. Accordingly, the degree to which the Restated Financial Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Ind AS, Indian GAAP and the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited. 

## **47.** **_Our Company’s future funding requirements, in the form of further issue of capital or other securities and/or loans taken by us, may turn out to be prejudicial to the interest of the shareholders depending upon the terms and conditions on which they are raised._** 

We may require additional capital from time to time depending on our business needs. Any further issue of Equity Shares or convertible securities would dilute the shareholding of the existing shareholders and such issuance may be done on terms and conditions, which may not be favourable to the then existing shareholders. If such funds are raised in the form of loans or debt or preference shares, then it may substantially increase our fixed interest/dividend burden and decrease our cash flows, thus adversely affecting our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

## **External Risk Factors** 

## **48.** **_Natural disasters, epidemics, pandemics, acts of war, terrorist attacks and other events could materially and adversely affect our business and profitability._** 

Natural disasters (such as earthquakes, fire, typhoons, cyclones, hurricanes and floods), pandemics, epidemics, strikes, civil unrest, terrorist attacks and other events, which are beyond our control, may lead to global or regional economic instability, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Any of these occurrences could cause severe disruptions to our daily operations and may warrant a temporary closure of our Manufacturing Unit. Such closures may disrupt our business operations and adversely affect our results of operations. Our operation could also be disrupted if our clients are affected by such natural disasters or epidemics. An outbreak or epidemic, such as SARS, the H1N1 and H5N1 viruses or COVID-19 could cause general consumption or the demand for various products to decline, which could result in reduced demand for our products. Such an outbreak or epidemic may significantly interrupt our business operations as health or governmental authorities may impose quarantine and inspection measures on us or our clients. 

Moreover, certain regions in India have witnessed terrorist attacks and civil disturbances and it is possible that future terrorist attacks or civil unrest, as well as other adverse social, economic and political events in India could have a negative effect on us. Transportation facilities, including vehicles, can be targets of terrorist attacks, which could lead to, among other things, increased insurance and security costs. Regional and global political or military tensions or conflicts, strained or altered foreign relations, protectionism and acts of war or the potential for war could also cause damage and disruption to our business, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Such incidents could create the perception that investments in Indian companies involve a higher degree of risk and such perception could adversely affect our business and the price of the Equity Shares. 

## **49.** **_Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian and other financial markets._** 

The Indian financial market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly in emerging market in Asian countries. Financial turmoil in Asia, Europe, the United States and elsewhere in the world in recent years has affected the Indian economy. Although economic conditions are 

63 

different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have an adverse effect on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. A loss in investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any global financial instability, including further deterioration of credit conditions in the U.S. market, could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy. Financial disruptions may occur again and could harm our results of operations and financial condition. 

The Indian economy is also influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries. This includes, but is not limited to, the conditions in the United States, Europe and certain economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia and elsewhere in the world in recent years has affected the Indian economy. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and its business. 

Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby impact the Indian economy. Financial disruptions in the future could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. The global credit and equity markets have in the past experienced substantial dislocations, liquidity disruptions and market corrections. 

## **50.** **_Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties in India and other countries may adversely affect our business and financial performance._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. For example, the Government of India implemented a comprehensive national goods and services tax (“GST”) regime with effect from July 1, 2017, that combined multiple taxes and levies by the Central and State Governments into a unified tax structure. Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by any unexpected or onerous requirements or regulations resulting from the introduction of GST or any changes in laws or interpretation of existing laws, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations relating to GST, as it is implemented. The Government has enacted the GAAR which have come into effect from April 1, 2017. 

Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

## **51.** **_Our business is affected by economic, political and other prevailing conditions beyond our control._** 

We are incorporated in India and we conduct our business affairs and our operations in India as well as internationally. Our Equity Shares are proposed to be listed on BSE Limited and NSE Limited. Consequently, our business, operations, financial performance and the market price of our Equity Shares will be affected by interest rates, government policies, taxation, social and ethnic instability and other political and economic developments affecting India. 

Factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy, and hence our results of operations may include: a) any exchange rate fluctuations, the imposition of currency controls and restrictions on the right to convert or repatriate currency or export assets; b) any scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse effect on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing for our expansions; c) prevailing income conditions among Indian customers and Indian corporations; d) epidemic or any other public health issue in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries and e) hostile or war like situations with the neighbouring countries etc. 

**52.** **_Investors outside India subscribing to this Offer may not be able to enforce any judgment of a foreign court against us, except by way of a suit in India._** 

64 

Our Company is incorporated under the laws of India. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process upon us or such persons in India or to enforce judgments obtained against our Company or such parties outside India. India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions, including the United Kingdom, Singapore, UAE, and Hong Kong. A judgment from certain specified courts located in a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908, as amended (“Civil Procedure Code”). The United States has not been notified as a reciprocating territory. 

In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain the prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered, and we cannot assure that such approval will be forthcoming within a reasonable period of time, or at all, or that conditions of such approvals would be acceptable. Such amount may also be subject to income tax in accordance with applicable law. Consequently, it may not be possible to enforce in an Indian court any judgment obtained in a foreign court, or effect service of process outside of India, against Indian companies, entities, their directors and executive officers and any other parties resident in India. Additionally, there is no assurance that a suit brought in an Indian court in relation to a foreign judgment will be disposed of in a timely manner. 

## **53.** **_Any adverse change or downgrading in ratings of India may adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings international debt by international rating agencies may adversely affect our ability to raise additional overseas financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing is available. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of our Equity Shares. 

## **54.** **_The requirements of being a listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a listed company and have not been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators that is associated by the virtue of being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur considerable legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the listing compliances and reporting requirements to the Stock Exchanges on which equity shares of our Company will be listed, which require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as timely as other listed companies. 

**55.** **_Our clients might engage in dealings or transactions in or with countries or persons that are subject to U.S. and other sanctions._** 

Applicable laws and rules in U.S. generally prohibit U.S. persons from directly or indirectly investing or otherwise doing business in or with certain countries that are the subject of comprehensive sanctions and with certain persons or businesses that have been specially designated by the OFAC or other U.S. government agencies. Other governments and international or regional organisations also administer similar economic sanctions. We may enter into transactions with customers who may be doing business with, or located in, countries to which certain OFAC-administered and other sanctions apply. There can be no assurance that we will be able to fully monitor all of our transactions for any potential violation. If it were determined that transactions in which we participate violate U.S. or other sanctions, we could be subject to U.S. or other penalties, and our reputation and future business prospects in the United States or with U.S. persons, or in other jurisdictions, could be adversely affected. Further, investors in the Equity Shares could incur reputational or other risks as the result of our customers’ dealings in or with countries or with persons that are the subject of U.S. sanctions. 

**56.** **_Under Indian legal regime, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our Company’s ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. Accordingly, our ability to raise foreign capital may be constrained._** 

65 

As a company incorporated in India, we are subject to exchange controls that govern the borrowings in foreign currencies. Further, under applicable foreign exchange regulations in India, transfer of shares between nonresidents and residents are freely permitted (subject to compliance with sectoral norms and certain other restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified under applicable laws. If share transfer is not in compliance with such requirements and does not fall under any of the permissible exceptions, then prior approval of the relevant regulatory authority is required. Such regulatory restrictions limit our financing sources and could constrain our ability to obtain financings on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. 

# **57.** **_Few of our Directors hold Equity Shares in our Company and are therefore are interested in our Company’s performance in addition to their remuneration and reimbursement of expenses_** _._ 

<mark>Few of our Directors are interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses, to the extent of their shareholding or the shareholding of their relatives in our Company. There can be no assurance that our directors will exercise their rights as Shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. For further details, see “</mark> _<mark>Related Party Transactions</mark>_ <mark>” under section titled “Note 41 Related Party Transaction” on page 219.</mark> 

## **Risks related to the Offer.** 

**58.** **_Equity Shares of our Company have never been publicly traded, and after the Offer, the Equity Shares may be subject to price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may or may not develop. Further, the Offer Price may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

Prior to this Offer of our Company, no public market existed for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation of Equity Shares does not guarantee that a market for the same will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares cannot be guaranteed. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book building process in compliance with Schedule XIII of the SEBI ICDR and the same may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The Offer Price will be based on numerous factors, as described in the section “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” beginning on page 113. This price may not necessarily be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares after the Offer is completed. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in. 

Our Equity Shares are expected to trade on BSE Limited and NSE Limited after the Offer, but there can be no assurance that active trading in our Equity Shares will develop after the Offer, or if such trading develops, that it will continue. Investors may not be able to sell our Equity Shares at the quoted price if there is no active trading in our Equity Shares. 

## **59.** **_Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of income arising on the sale of the Equity Shares_** 

Under the present Indian tax laws and regulations, unless specifically exempted, capital gains that arise from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is levied on and collected by an Indian Stock Exchanges on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold using any other platform other than on a recognised Stock Exchanges and on which no STT has been paid, are subject to long-term capital gains tax in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as whether the sale is undertaken on or off the Stock Exchanges, the quantum of gains and any available treaty relief. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of Securities Transaction Tax (“STT”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic Stock Exchanges on which the Equity Shares are sold. Further, any capital gains realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. In cases where the seller is a non-resident, capital 

66 

gains arising from the sale of the equity shares will be partially or wholly exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident and the seller is entitled to avail benefits thereunder, subject to certain conditions. 

Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will not be chargeable to tax in India in cases where relief from such taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident and the seller is entitled to avail benefits thereunder, subject to certain conditions. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

## **60.** **_QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after the submission of their Bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after closure of the Bid/ Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until the Bid/ Offer Closing Date. While we are required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within six Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by the SEBI, events affecting the investors’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events may limit the Investors’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

**61.** **_There is no guarantee that the Equity Shares of our Company will be listed on the Stock Exchanges in a timely manner or at all._** 

In accordance with applicable Indian law and practice, permission for listing and trading of our Equity Shares will not be granted until after certain actions have been completed in relation to this Offer and until Allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to this Offer. In accordance with current regulations and circulars issued of SEBI, our Equity Shares are required to be listed on the Stock Exchanges within such time as mandated under UPI Circulars, subject to any change in the prescribed timeline in this regard. However, we cannot assure you that the trading in our Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner or at all. Any failure or delay in obtaining final listing and trading approvals may restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares. 

**62.** **_Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian Stock Exchanges any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Offer._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in the Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately five Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid/ Offer Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

67 

## **63.** **_Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction the investors are located in does not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their preemptive rights unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emption rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in us would be reduced. 

## **64.** **_A third-party could be prevented from acquiring control of us post this Offer, because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian law._** 

As a listed Indian company, there are provisions in Indian legal regime that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company. Under the Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company subsequent to completion of the Offer. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to our shareholders, such a takeover may not be attempted or consummated because of Takeover Regulations. 

68 

