# **SECTION III: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below before making an investment in the Equity Shares._ 

_We have described the risks and uncertainties that we consider material, but these risks and uncertainties may not be the only risks relevant to us, the Equity Shares, or the industry in which we currently operate or propose to operate. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factor below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implication of any of the risks mentioned in this section. If any or a combination of the following risks actually occur, or if any of the risks that are currently not known or deemed to be not relevant or material now actually occur or become material in the future, our business, cash flows, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could suffer, the trading price of the Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. For more details on our business and operations, see “Our Business”, “Industry Overview”, “Key Regulations and Policies in India” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” beginning on pages 153, 115, 184 and 282, respectively, as well as other financial information included elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, you must rely on your own examination of us and the terms of the Offer, including the merits and risks involved, and you should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward- looking statements as a result of certain factors, including but not limited to the considerations described below. For details, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 17._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the F&S Report prepared and released by Frost & Sullivan and commissioned and paid for by us in connection with the Offer. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the F&S Report and included herein with respect to any particular year, refers to such information for the relevant year._ 

_Our fiscal year ends on March 31 of each year, and references to a particular fiscal period are to the twelve months ended March 31 of that year. Unless otherwise specified or as the context requires, financial information for the nine months ended December 31, 2021 and for Fiscal 2019, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2021 is derived from our Restated Financial Statements, which are included in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_Unless otherwise stated, references to “the Company”, “our Company”, “we”, “us”, and “our” are to Aether Industries Limited._ 

_To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section, such as those relating to the Indian economy, interest rates and inflation and operational risks relating to the Company._ 

# **_Risks Relating to our Business_** 

**_1. The Offer Price, market capitalization to total revenue multiple and price to earnings ratio based on the Offer Price of our Company, may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares on listing or thereafter._** 

Our total revenue and profit after tax (i) for Fiscal 2021 was ₹4,537.89 million and ₹711.19 million, respectively; and (ii) for the nine months ended December 31, 2021 was ₹4,493.15 million and ₹829.06 million, respectively; and the market capitalization to revenue (Fiscal 2021) multiple is [●] times and the price to earnings Ratio (based on Fiscal 2021 profit after tax for the year); is [●] at the upper end of the Price Band. For further details, see “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 106. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined on the basis of assessment of market demand for the Equity Shares offered through a book-building process, and certain quantitative and qualitative factors as set out in the section titled “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 106. The Offer Price, multiples and ratios may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares on listing or thereafter.  The relevant financial parameters based on which the Price Band would be determined, shall be disclosed in the advertisement that would be issued for publication of the Price Band. 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. 

The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India and international markets, regulatory amendments, strategic alliances, COVID-19 related or similar situations, volatility in the 

25 

securities markets in India and other jurisdictions, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

**_2. Our business is dependent and will continue to depend on our manufacturing facilities, and we are subject to certain risks in our manufacturing process. Any slowdown or shutdown in our manufacturing operations or strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees that could interfere with our operations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We conduct our operations through two manufacturing facilities at Sachin in Surat, Gujarat. Our Manufacturing Facility 1 is an approximately 3,500 square meters facility for our R&D activities, our analytical sciences, our pilot plant, our CRAMS facility and our hydrogenation facility. Our Manufacturing Facility 2 is an approximately 10,500 square meter facility and acts as a large scale production facility. Our Manufacturing Facility 2 also includes our Registered and Corporate Office. Our business is dependent upon our ability to manage our manufacturing facilities, which are subject to various operating risks, including those beyond our control, such as the breakdown, failure of equipment or industrial accidents, severe weather conditions and natural disasters. Any significant malfunction or breakdown of our machinery, our equipment, our reactors, our automation systems, our IT systems or any other part of our manufacturing processes or systems (together, our “ **Manufacturing Assets** ”) may entail significant repair and maintenance costs and cause delays in our operations. While we have not had such instances during the last three financial years (Fiscal 2019 to Fiscal 2021) where our Company was affected, we cannot assure you that we shall not experience any malfunction or breakdown of our Manufacturing Assets in the future. If we are unable to repair Manufacturing Assets in a timely manner or at all, our operations may need to be suspended until we procure the appropriate Manufacturing Assets to replace them. In addition, we may be required to carry out planned shutdowns of our facilities for maintenance, statutory inspections, customer audits and testing, or may shut down certain facilities for capacity expansion and equipment upgrades. 

As of March 31, 2022, we had 719 employees (excluding trainees) and more than 150 contract workers and trainees. Success of our operations depend on availability of labour and good relationships with our labour force. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our employees are not members of any organised labour unions. Strikes and lockouts as a result of disputes with our labour force may adversely affect our operations. While we have not had instance of strikes, lockouts or labour disputes in the past, we cannot assure you that we shall not experience any strikes or lockouts on account of labour disputes in the future. Such events could disrupt our operations and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we also may face protests from local citizens at our existing facilities or while setting up new facilities, which may delay or halt our operations. 

Further, we may be subject to manufacturing disruptions due to contraventions by us of any of the conditions of our regulatory approvals, which may require our manufacturing facilities to cease, or limit, production until the disputes concerning such approvals are resolved. 

Although we have not experienced any significant disruptions at our manufacturing facilities in the past, we cannot assure you that there will not be any disruptions in our operations in the future. Our inability to effectively respond to such events and rectify any disruption, in a timely manner and at an acceptable cost, could lead to the slowdown or shutdown of our operations or the under-utilization of our manufacturing facilities, which in turn may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_3. We are subject to certain risks consequent to our operations involving the manufacture, usage and storage of various hazardous substances._** 

Our manufacturing processes involve manufacturing, storage and transportation of various hazardous substances such as phenol, hydrogen, ethylene oxide, isobutylene gas, tetrahydrofuran, methanol, toluene and methylene dichloride amongst others, and we are required to obtain approvals from various authorities for storing hazardous substances. We are subject to operating risks associated with handling of such hazardous materials such as possibility for leakages and ruptures from containers, explosions, and the discharge or release of toxic or hazardous substances, which in turn may cause personal injury, property damage and environmental contamination. While we have not had such instances during the last three financial years (Fiscal 2019 to Fiscal 2021) where our Company was affected, we cannot assure you that we will not experience operating risks associated with handling of such hazardous materials in the future. In the event of occurrence of any such accidents, our business operations may be interrupted. Any of these occurrences may result in the shutdown of one or more of our manufacturing facilities and expose us to civil and / or criminal liability which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, such occurrences may result in the termination of our approvals for storing such substances or penalties thereunder. Moreover, certain environmental laws impose strict liability for accidents and damages resulting from hazardous substances and any failure to comply with such laws may lead to closure, penalties, fines and imprisonment. 

26 

**_4. We derive a significant part of our revenue from major customers and we do not have long term contracts with all of these customers. If one or more of such customers choose not to source their requirements from us or to terminate our long-term contracts, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

Our customer base currently comprises a host of multinational and domestic companies. Of our gross revenue from operations in the nine months ended December 31, 2021 and Fiscal 2021, our largest customer contributed approximately 13.52% and 19.38%, respectively.  Revenue from our top 20 customers and contribution of our top 20 customers to revenue from operations is as below: 

|**Fiscal/ Period**|**Revenue from top 20 customers**<br>**(amount in**₹**million)**|**% contribution of top 20 customers**<br>**to revenue from operations**|
|---|---|---|
|2019|1,606.04|79.83%|
|2020|2,255.97|74.75%|
|2021|3,306.30|73.50%|
|December 31,2021|3,227.52|72.93%|



We expect that we will continue to be reliant on our major customers for the foreseeable future. Accordingly, any failure to retain these customers and/or negotiate and execute contracts on terms that are commercially viable, with these select customers, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any defaults or delays in payments by a major customer or the insolvency or financial distress by a major customer may have an adverse effect on business, financial condition and results of operations. While there have been no past instances during the last three financial years (Fiscal 2019 to Fiscal 2021) of any defaults or delays in payments by a major customer or the insolvency or financial distress by a major customer, we cannot assure you that we will not experience such risks in future. 

We have a number of supply contracts with customers for three to five years duration which are linked to a formula-based pricing structure. Our supply contracts entered may be terminated at the end of their terms or on the basis of the notice provided by the customer to us.  Such terminations, however, is done on mutual discussion between our Company and the Customers. Notwithstanding, the termination of supply contracts could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

For other customers, we instead rely on purchase orders to govern the volume and other terms of our sales of products. Many of the purchase orders we receive from our customers specify a price per unit and delivery schedule. However, such orders may be amended or cancelled prior to finalisation, and should such an amendment or cancellation take place, it may adversely impact our production schedules and inventories. 

Cancellation by customers or delay or reduction in their orders or instances where anticipated orders fail to materialize can result in mismatch between our inventories of raw materials and of manufactured products, thereby increasing our costs relating to maintaining our inventory and reduction of our margins, which may adversely affect our profitability and liquidity. Further, we may not find any customers or purchasers for the surplus or excess capacity, in which case we would be forced to incur a loss. Further, our inability to find customers for surplus products may result in excessive inventories which may become obsolete and may be required to be written off in the future. 

Additionally, our customers have high and stringent standards for product quality and quantity as well as delivery schedules. Any failure to meet our customers’ expectations could result in the cancellation or non-renewal of contracts or purchase orders. While there have been no instances during the last three financial years (Fiscal 2019 to Fiscal 2021) of failure by us to meet industry standards in relation to product quality or delivery schedules, we cannot assure you that any such event will not occur in future. There are also a number of factors, other than our performance that could cause the loss of a customer, which include those customers who may demand price reductions, set-off any payment obligations, require indemnification for themselves or their affiliates, or replace their existing products with alternative products, any of which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

**_5. Our insurance coverage may not adequately protect us against all losses or the insurance cover may not be available for all the losses as per the insurance policy, which could adversely affect business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our operations are subject to various risks inherent to the chemicals industry and to the sale and maintaining inventory of products, as well as other risks such as theft, robbery, acts of terrorism and other force majeure events. We maintain insurance coverage for anticipated risks which are standard for our type of business and operations. As of December 31, 2021, March 31, 2021, March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019, we had a total insurance coverage of ₹6,028.00 million, ₹4,301.76 million, ₹3,237.77 million and ₹1,827.96 million, respectively, aggregating in each case to 100% or more of our total fixed assets and 

27 

inventories. Our insurance policies cover our manufacturing facilities, R&D facilities, warehouses and offices from losses in the case of natural calamities, fire, special perils, burglary and theft. We have also obtained inventory insurance for our products, insurance for liabilities and losses incurred during implementation of our various projects, and directors’ and officers’ liability insurance. We have also obtained the Commercial General Liability Insurance, which protects us for the damages which may occur to any neighbouring companies / industries or any other third party from any kind of adverse event that may occur. We have obtained various insurance policies covering the life and health of our employees. Further, we have also taken insurance for the cyber-crime and criminal policy. All our incoming and outgoing material (for purchase and sales) from / to anywhere in the world are fully insured. We have also covered our equipment like mobile phones, laptops, computers and other gadgets by an equipment policy. There are many events that could significantly impact our operations, or expose us to third-party liabilities, for which we may not be adequately insured. There can be no assurance that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part, or on time. To the extent that we suffer any loss or damage that is not covered by insurance or exceeds our insurance coverage, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. For further details of insurance, see “ _Our Business_ ” on page 153. 

**_6. We will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. The Promoter Selling Shareholder will receive the net proceeds from the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer consists of a Fresh Issue and an Offer for Sale. The Promoter Selling Shareholder shall be entitled to the net proceeds from the Offer for Sale, which comprise proceeds from the Offer for Sale net of Offer expenses shared by the Promoter Selling Shareholder, and our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. 

**_7. Non-compliance with and changes in, safety, health, environmental and labour laws and other applicable regulations, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have, in the past, failed to make a regulatory filing in a timely manner with the MCA under applicable law._** 

We are subject to laws and government regulations, including in relation to safety, health, environmental protection and labour, please refer to “ _Key Regulations and Policies in India_ ” on page 184 of the RHP for such laws. These laws and regulations impose controls on air and water discharge, noise levels, storage handling, processing, handling, storage, transport or disposal of hazardous substances including employee exposure to hazardous substances and other aspects of our manufacturing operations. Further, our products, including the process of manufacture, storage and distribution of such products, are subject to numerous laws and regulations in relation to quality, safety and health. We handle and use hazardous materials in our R&D and manufacturing activities and the improper handling or storage of these materials could result in accidents, injure our personnel, property and damage the environment. Any accident at our facilities may result in personal injury or loss of life, substantial damage to or destruction of property and equipment resulting in the suspension of operations. Further, laws and regulations may limit the amount of hazardous and pollutant discharge that our manufacturing facilities may release into the air and water. The discharge of materials that are chemical in nature or of other hazardous substances into the air, soil or water beyond these limits may cause us to be liable to regulatory bodies or third parties. Any of the foregoing could subject us to legal proceedings, which could lower our profits in the event we were found liable and could also adversely affect our reputation. Additionally, the government or the relevant regulatory bodies may require us to shut down our manufacturing plants, which in turn could lead to product shortages that delay or prevent us from fulfilling our obligations to customers. 

Our operations, particularly at our manufacturing plants, are subject to stringent scrutiny, inspection and audit from third party environmental agencies, including governmental authorities to ensure our compliance with applicable laws and regulations. While we have not received any notice stemming from any scrutiny, inspection, audit or otherwise from any regulatory authorities, we cannot assure you that no notices will be issued by any regulatory authority in the future. Moreover, these notices may also culminate in legal proceedings in the future, for which, we cannot assure you that fines, penalties or damages will not be imposed on us pursuant to such notices. 

Furthermore, if the authorities deem that our responses do not sufficiently address the concerns raised in these notices, there is also a possibility that the environmental authorities may cancel, suspend or withdraw the approvals, permits or consents granted to us or may order the closure of the manufacturing unit until the concerns are sufficiently addressed or remedied. In the event that such environmental notices result in litigations, fines or the cancellation of our licenses, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are also required to obtain permits from governmental authorities for certain aspects of our operations. These laws, regulations and permits often require us to purchase and install expensive pollution control equipment or to make operational changes to limit impacts or potential impacts on the environment and/or health of our employees. Further, our compliance with these laws and regulations and our obtaining the necessary governmental permits are often a prerequisite for customer orders. 

We have in the past delayed in making certain regulatory filings under applicable law beyond the prescribed timelines. A Form MGT-14 was initially filed on January 28, 2016 (” **Initial Form MGT-14** ”) with the MCA for a special resolution passed by the Shareholders in their EGM held on January 12, 2016, in connection with the issuance of 25,000,000 8% cumulative 

28 

redeemable preference shares under section 42 and 61(1)(c) of the Companies Act. Thereafter, the Initial Form MGT-14 was rectified to 25,000,000 8% cumulative redeemable preference shares, optionally convertible in nature, under section 42, 55 and 61(1)(c) of the Companies Act, which inadvertently contained a clerical error of omitting the terms of conversion of the Preference Shares in the special resolution attached to the Initial Form MGT14. An application for correction therein was filed through Form CG-1 with the MCA on December 4, 2021 requesting: a) condonation of the said delay under the Companies Act, 2013 and b) that the RoC be directed to register the rectified extracts of the special resolution dated January 12, 2016 along with a new Form MGT-14. Subsequently, the aforementioned forms CG-1, INC-28 and MGT-14 are now approved and registered with the RoC as per order of CG-1. 

With the expansion of our operations there can be no assurance that such non-compliances will not arise, or that we will be able to implement, and continue to maintain, adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such non-compliances, in a timely manner or at all. For further details in connection with the Preference Shares, see “ _Capital Structure – Notes to Capital Structure – 5. Preference Share Capital History of our Company_ ” on page 78. 

We are also subject to the laws and regulations governing employees, including in relation to minimum wage and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and termination of employees, contract labour and work permits. We have incurred and expect to continue incurring costs for compliance with such laws and regulations. We have also made and expect to continue making capital expenditures on an on-going basis to comply with all applicable environmental, health and safety and labour laws and regulations. These laws and regulations have, however, become increasingly stringent and it is possible that they will become significantly more stringent in the future. We cannot assure you that we will not be found to be in noncompliance with, or remain in compliance with all applicable environmental, health and safety and labour laws and regulations or the terms and conditions of any consents or permits in the future or that such compliance will not result in a curtailment of production or a material increase in the costs of production. 

**_8. Grants of stock options under our employee stock option plans may result in a charge to our statement of profit loss and, to that extent, adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We may issue stock option from time to time under our employee stock option plans and such issuances may result in a charge to our statement of profit & loss under Ind-As and any such charge may have an adverse effect on affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further details, see “ _Capital Structure – Employee Stock Option Plans_ ” on page 87. 

**_9. Our contingent liabilities could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

A summary of our contingent liabilities as on December 31, 2021, as indicated in our Restated Financial Statements is as follows: 

||_(in ₹ million)_<br>|
|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**As of December 31,**<br>**2021**|
|**Bank Guarantees Issued for:**||
|Customs|8.89|
|Gujarat Gas Ltd.|15.35|
|DGVCL|23.70|
|**Total Margin for above items**|**11.45**|
|Raw Material LC|0.00|
|Raw Material FLC_(in US $ million)_|3.03|
|**Total Margin for above items**|**17.20**|
|**Income Tax Demand:**||
|AY 2017-18 (PY 2016-17)|0.22|
|AY 2018-19 (PY 2017-18)|0.93|
|AY 2020-21 (PY 2019-20)|19.82|



_Notes:_ 

_(1) All the contingent liabilities are not 100% secured through cash margins placed with banks. The banks require 15% margin money on bank guarantees and 15% margin money on LC facilities_ 

_(2) The Income Tax Demands are under appeal by the Company and the outcome of the same is not known and hence the demand amount has been considered as contingent liability._ 

For further information, see “ _Restated Financial Statements – Note 38_ ” on page 257. 

29 

Most of the liabilities have been incurred in the normal course of business. If these contingent liabilities were to fully materialize or materialize at a level higher than we expect, it may materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we are unable to recover payment from our customers in respect of the commitments that we are called upon to fulfil, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely impacted. 

# **_10. A portion of the Net Proceeds may be utilized for repayment or pre-payment of loans taken from HDFC Bank Limited, which is one of the Book Running Lead Managers._** 

We propose to repay or pre-pay loans availed by our Company from HDFC Bank Limited from the Net Proceeds. HDFC Bank Limited, is one of our Book Running Lead Managers and is not an associate of our Company in terms of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Merchant Bankers) Regulations, 1992. The loan sanctioned to our Company by HDFC Bank Limited was done as part of their lending activities in the ordinary course of business and we do not believe that there is any conflict of interest under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Merchant Bankers) Regulations, 1992, as amended, or any other applicable SEBI rules or regulations. The Board of Directors of our Company has chosen the loans and facilities to be repaid/prepaid based on commercial considerations. For further details see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 92. 

# **_11. Any downgrade of our debt ratings could adversely affect our business._** 

As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have received the following credit ratings on our debt and credit facilities. 

|**Instrument or Rating Type**|**Amount**<br>**(₹ in million)**|**Date**|**Ratings**|
|---|---|---|---|
|Long Term Fund Based Facilities|1,635.90|January 10, 2022|CRISIL A-/STABLE<br>(Reaffirmed)|
|Short Term Non Fund Based Facilities|1,114.10|January10,2022|CRISIL A2+(Reaffirmed)|



These ratings assess our overall financial capacity to pay our obligations and are reflective of our ability to meet financial commitments as they become due. There can be no assurance that these ratings will not be revised or changed by the above rating agencies due to various factors, including on account of the COVID-19 pandemic. Any downgrade in our credit ratings may increase interest rates for refinancing our outstanding debt, which would increase our financing costs, and adversely affect our future issuances of debt and our ability to raise new capital on a competitive basis. 

# **_12. Our inability to successfully implement some or all our business strategies in a timely manner or at all could have an adverse effect on our business._** 

As part of our strategy aimed towards business growth and improvement of market position, we intend to implement several business strategies, which include: 

- Leverage our strong position in the specialty chemicals industry to capitalize on industry opportunities; 

- Expand our product portfolio and diversify into additional business segments 

- Expand manufacturing, R&D and pilot plant capacities; 

- Continue to strengthen our presence in India and expand our sales and distribution network in international markets; 

- Continue to focus on contract manufacturing / exclusive manufacturing by developing innovative processes and value engineering; 

- Growth through strategic acquisitions and alliances. 

Our strategy may not succeed due to various factors, including our inability to reduce our debt and our operating costs, our failure to develop new products and services with sufficient growth potential as per the changing market preferences and trends, our failure to execute agreements with our technology and strategic partners, our failure to effectively market these new products and services or foresee challenges with respect to our business initiatives, our failure to sufficiently upgrade our infrastructure, machines, automation, equipment and technology as required to cater to the requirement of changing demand and market preferences, our failure to maintain highest quality and consistency in our operations or to ensure scaling of our operations to correspond with our strategy and customer demand, changes in GoI policy or regulation, our inability to respond to regular competition, and other operational and management difficulties. While we believe we have been largely successful in implementing our business strategies, any failure on our part to implement our strategy due to many reasons as attributed aforesaid could be detrimental to our long-term business outlook and our growth prospects and may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further details of our strategies, see “ _Our Business_ ” on page 153. 

30 

# **_13. Our reliance on certain industries for a significant portion of our sales could have an adverse effect on our business._** 

Generally, our intermediates and specialty chemicals cater to the various industries such as the pharmaceuticals industry, agrochemicals industry and oil and gas industry, as well as the industries catering to material science, food additives, coatings and high performance photography. Consequently, our revenues are dependent on the end user industries that use our products as an input. The table set forth below provides customer segment split of our gross revenue from operations and as a percentage of gross revenue from operations in the nine months ended December 31, 2021 and Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019. 

|**Customer**<br>**Segment**|**Nine mon**<br>**Decembe**|**ths ended**<br>**r 31, 2021**|**Fisca**|**l 2021**|**Fisca**|**l 2020**|**Fiscal**|**2019**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||₹ million|% of gross<br>revenue|₹ million|% of gross<br>revenue|₹ million|% of gross<br>revenue|₹ million|% of gross<br>revenue|
|Pharmaceuticals|2,770.51|62.60%|3,041.90|67.62%|2,454.50|81.33%|1,252.70|62.27%|
|Agrochemicals|1,017.61|22.99%|926.50|20.60%|257.50|8.53%|447.10|22.22%|
|Material Science|188.00|4.25%|195.90|4.36%|46.30|1.53%|94.60|4.70%|
|High<br>Performance<br>Photo|171.26|3.87%|125.80|2.80%|57.90|1.92%|11.70|0.58%|
|Coatings|154.36|3.49%|124.80|2.77%|0.55|0.02%|66.00|3.28%|
|Multiple Use|27.70|0.63%|56.70|1.26%|138.90|4.60%|43.60|2.17%|
|Food Additives|0.00|0.00%|0.60|0.01%|1.60|0.05%|1.00|0.05%|
|Oil & Gas|53.54|1.21%|0.00|0.00%|26.50|0.88%|66.00|3.28%|
|Other|42.46|0.96%|25.96|0.58%|34.31|1.14%|29.10|1.45%|
|**Total **|**4,425.44**|**100.00%**|**4,498.16**|**100.00%**|**3,018.06**|**100.00%**|**2,011.80**|**100.00%**|



Factors affecting any of these industries in general, or any of our customers in particular, could have a cascading adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Such factors include, but are not limited to, the following: 

- a. seasonality of demand for our customers’ products, which may cause our manufacturing capacities to be underutilised during specific periods; 

- b. our customers’ failure to successfully market their products or to compete effectively; 

- c. change in any registration requirements or non-renewal of registrations or imposition of a regulatory ban, or trade sanctions imposed across the country or any such restrictions on the business or product or customer’s final product; 

- d. loss of market share, which may lead our customers to reduce or discontinue the purchase of our products; 

- e. economic conditions of the markets in which our customers operate; 

- f. regulatory issues faced by these industries in India and internationally; 

- g. downturns or industry cycles that impact demand; and 

- h. changes in technology or consumer tastes and requirements that alter demands for our products. 

For any of the above reasons or for any other reason whatsoever, in the event sales to our customers were to substantially decrease, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

**_14. We rely on a combination of trade mark, trade secret, copyright law and contractual restrictions to protect our intellectual property. We do not own any patents. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

The protection of our intellectual property is crucial to the success of our business. We rely on a combination of trademark, trade secret, and copyright law and contractual restrictions to protect our intellectual property. We do not own any patents. While our agreements with our employees and consultants who develop our intellectual property including our proprietary intermediates and specialty chemical products, technology, systems and processes on our behalf include confidentiality provisions and provisions on ownership of intellectual property developed during employment or specific assignments, as applicable, these agreements may not effectively prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, our intellectual property including our proprietary products, technology, systems and processes and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information or infringement of our intellectual property. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may copy aspects of our proprietary products, technology, systems and processes and use information that we consider proprietary. In addition, unauthorized parties may also 

31 

attempt, or successfully endeavor, to obtain our intellectual property, confidential information, and trade secrets through various methods, including through cybersecurity attacks, and legal or other methods of protecting this data may be inadequate. In addition, our trade secrets may become known or independently developed by our competitors, and in such cases, we may no longer enjoy the exclusive use of some of our formulations or maintain the confidentiality of information relating to our products. 

We may need to litigate to protect our intellectual property or to defend against third party infringement. Any such litigation could be time consuming and costly and the outcome cannot be guaranteed. We may not be able to detect any unauthorised use or take appropriate and timely steps to enforce or protect our intellectual property. Any inability to use or protect our intellectual property could affect our relationships with our customers, which could materially and adversely affect our brand, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_15. Exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect our results of operations as our sales from exports and a portion of our expenditures are denominated in foreign currencies._** 

Our financial statements are prepared in Indian Rupees. However, our sales from exports and a portion of our raw materials expenditures are denominated in foreign currencies, mostly the U.S. Dollars. Accordingly, we have currency exposures relating to buying and selling in currencies other than in Indian Rupees, particularly the U.S. Dollar. During the nine months ended December 31, 2021, Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019, our gross revenues from our exports (excluding deemed exports) amounted to ₹2,162.77 million, ₹2,278.25 million, ₹1,295.81 million and ₹918.26 million, respectively, which constituted 48.87%, 50.65%, 42.94% and 45.64%, respectively, of our gross revenues from operations. Further, during the nine months ended December 31, 2021, Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019, the cost of raw material imports was ₹790.96 million, ₹1,062.49 million, ₹804.07 million and ₹471.16 million, respectively, which constituted  30.63%, 47.47%, 45.59% and 39.85%, respectively, as a percentage of overall raw material purchase cost. Therefore, changes in the relevant exchange rates could also affect sales, operating results and assets and liabilities reported in Indian Rupees as part of our financial statements. We are affected primarily by fluctuations in exchange rates among the U.S. dollar and the Indian Rupee, and our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by fluctuations in the value of the Indian Rupee against the U.S. Dollar or other foreign currencies. Additionally, we have earned gains due to these fluctuations in foreign currency in the nine months ended December 31, 2021, Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019 of ₹21.51 million, ₹18.32 million, ₹8.84 million and ₹11.59 million, respectively. These gains were related to instances where the market exchange rate at the time of transaction was in our favour or against us as compared to the rates we had applied when the transactions were accounted. For further information on our exchange rate risk management, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Principal Factors Affecting our Results of Operations – Foreign Exchange Rate Risk_ ”. 

# **_16. We are dependent on our R&D activities for our future success. If we do not successfully develop new products or continue our product portfolio expansion in a timely and cost-effective manner, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

We are dependent on our R&D activities and scientists at our R&D facilities for our future success. In the nine months ended December 31, 2021, Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019, our R&D expenses (capital as well as revenue) were ₹242.47 million, ₹192.83 million, ₹120.92 million and ₹52.91 million, respectively, which represented 5.40%, 4.25%, 3.98% and 2.60% of our total income, respectively. In addition, in the nine months ended December 31, 2021, Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019, our capital expenditure on R&D was ₹136.04 million, ₹79.38 million, ₹39.43 million and ₹22.42 million, respectively. Our future results of operations depend, to a significant degree, on our ability to successfully develop new products and continue our product portfolio expansion in a timely and cost-effective manner. Our future results of operations depend, to a significant degree, on our ability to successfully develop new products and continue our product portfolio expansion in a timely and costeffective manner. In addition , our CRAMs business is dependent our R&D capabilities to assist our customers on their projects including development of their products. Further, as part of our business strategies, we intend to further diversify our product portfolio by entering into new product value chains. In addition, we intend to expand our capacities in existing products as well as expanding and strengthening our research capabilities in order to ensure rapid product innovation. Innovation continues to be the key determinant for our success. The development and commercialisation of new products (whether ours or our customers’ products) are complex, time-consuming, costly and involves a high degree of business risk. We may be unable to successfully create these new products or encounter unexpected delays in the launch of these products and even if launched as planned, such products may not perform as we expect. 

The success of our new product offerings will depend on several factors, including our ability to properly anticipate customer needs; obtain timely regulatory approvals; establish collaborations with suppliers and customers; develop and manufacture our products in a timely and cost-effective manner through our R&D efforts; and successfully market and sell our products. In addition, the development and commercialisation of new products is characterised by significant upfront costs, including costs associated with R&D, product development activities, obtaining regulatory approvals, building inventory and sales and marketing. Our planned investments in new manufacturing facilities and equipment for future expansion could result in higher costs, especially in the event of cost overruns, without a proportionate increase in revenues. 

32 

Additionally, some of our competitors in the speciality chemicals segment may have greater financial, research and technological resources. They may also be in a better position to identify market trends, adapt to changes in industry and offer innovative new products. 

Accordingly, if we do not successfully develop new products or continue our product portfolio expansion in a timely, costeffective manner that is attractive to our customers, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

# **_17. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is uncertain and still evolving, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

In December 2019, a human infection was traced to a novel strain of coronavirus (also known as COVID-19) and has since spread to over 200 countries and territories. The outbreak of COVID-19 was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization on March 11, 2020, and as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, it is still ongoing and rapidly evolving. The GoI initiated a nation-wide lockdown from March 24, 2020 that lasted until May 31, 2020, and has been extended periodically by varying degrees by state governments and local administrations. Although the nationwide lockdown was lifted on June 1, 2020, restrictions on non-essential activities and travel were imposed until August 31, 2020 in multiple states across specific districts that were witnessing increases in COVID-19 cases. The second wave of COVID-19 infections impacted India in April, May and June 2021. The second wave resulted in significant strain on the health infrastructure in the country resulting in several states announcing lockdown measures. The second wave also resulted in a large part of the population working from home and implementing social distancing measures. In June 2021, the COVID-19 reported cases from the second wave declined and the GoI and state governments started gradually easing some of the strict precautionary measures. 

Globally, border controls, travel restrictions and quarantine measures have been imposed by various countries in an effort to contain the spread of the COVID-19 outbreak, which have resulted in a period of business disruption as well as restrictions on business activity and the movement of people comprising a significant portion of the world’s population, and a decrease in economic activity in a number of countries, including India. Moreover, there is no assurance that such measures will be effective in ending or restricting the spread of COVID-19, and many countries have experienced further COVID19 outbreaks even after such measures had been eased. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has also resulted in economic challenges driven by labour shortage, logistics disruptions and reduced demand. As a result, many industries have been exposed to disruptions in carrying out business operations, resulting in loss of business and reduction in cash flows, which has created stress in different sectors of the economy. Any downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India could also adversely affect our business, results of operation, financial condition and prospects. 

As we produce intermediates and specialty chemicals for the pharmaceutical industry and use continuous reaction technologies in manufacturing activities for various products, our manufacturing and research and development activities were determined by the GoI to be essential, which allowed us to continue our operations during the nationwide lockdown. However, restrictions on manpower movement during the lockdown impacted our manufacturing operations and capacity expansion projects, as well as increased our operation costs. We implemented health and safety measures for our manufacturing site employees, including the provision of lodging, boarding, food and other essential arrangements. Such measures allowed our employees to stay at or near our manufacturing facilities, thereby decreasing health risks associated with travel and commuting. Our manufacturing facilities, therefore, continued to operate normally during the first and second waves of COVID-19 infections. During Fiscal 2021, which covered the first wave of COVID-19 from April 2020 to June 2020, we paid additional wages to our employees (for example, to compensate employees who lived far from our manufacturing facilities and were unable to commute) in the amount of ₹7.94 million and incurred additional expenses in the amount of ₹3.17 million towards food, lodging and other expenses for the workers. During the nine months ended December 31, 2021, which covered the second wave of COVID-19, we paid additional wages to our employees in the amount of ₹5.77 million and incurred additional expenses in the amount of ₹1.48 million towards food, lodging and other expenses for these workers. In addition, we were affected in a certain extent by the worldwide logistics issues during the COVID-19 pandemic and we can make no assurance that logistics issues will not further worsen as the pandemic continues. 

The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic, and the related global economic impact, affect our business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the spread, scope and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and any recovery period, the effectiveness of further steps taken by the GoI and the RBI to mitigate the economic impacts in response to the pandemic, the effects on our customers, counterparties, employees and third-party service providers, and the time it takes for economic activities to return to pre-pandemic levels. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there is significant uncertainty relating to the severity of long-term adverse impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on the domestic and global economy, domestic and global financial markets, and we are unable to accurately predict the long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our speciality chemicals business. To the 

33 

extent that the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. 

**_18. Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus contain information from the F&S Report which we commissioned and purchased and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in the Offer is subject to inherent risks._** 

Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus include information based on, or derived from, the F&S Report or extracts of the F&S Report commissioned by our Company exclusively for the purpose of the Offer pursuant to letter of agreement dated August 24, 2021 and prepared by Frost & Sullivan, which is not related to our Company, Directors or Promoters. We commissioned and paid for this report for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with the Offer. All such information in this Red Herring Prospectus indicates the F&S Report as its source. Accordingly, any information in this Red Herring Prospectus derived from, or based on, the F&S Report should be read taking into consideration the foregoing. 

Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. Industry sources do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the data. Further, the F&S Report is not a recommendation to invest / disinvest in any company covered in the F&S Report. Accordingly, prospective investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on this information. 

In view of the foregoing, you may not be able to seek legal recourse for any losses resulting from undertaking any investment in the Offer pursuant to reliance on the information in this Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the F&S Report. You should consult your own advisors and undertake an independent assessment of information in this Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the F&S Report before making any investment decision regarding the Offer. See “ _Industry Overview_ ” on page 115. For the disclaimers associated with the F&S Report, see “ _Certain Conventions, Presentation of Financial, Industry and Market Data and Currency of Presentation – Industry and Market Data_ ” on page 15. 

**_19. Our success largely depends upon the knowledge and experience of our Promoters, Directors and our Key Management Personnel as well as our ability to attract and retain personnel with technical expertise. Any loss of our Promoters, Directors, Key Management Personnel or our ability to attract and retain them and other personnel with technical expertise could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our success largely depends upon the knowledge and experience of our Promoters, Directors and our Key Management Personnel as well as our ability to attract and retain skilled personnel. Any loss of our Promoters, Directors and Key Management Personnel or our ability to attract and retain them and other skilled personnel could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We depend on the management skills and guidance of our Promoters for development of business strategies, monitoring their successful implementation and meeting future challenges. Further, we also significantly depend on the expertise, experience and continued efforts of our Key Management Personnel. Our future performance will depend largely on our ability to retain the continued service of our management team. If one or more of our Key Management Personnel are unable or unwilling to continue in his or her present position, it could be difficult for us to find a suitable or timely replacement and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

In addition, we may require a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when personnel with technical expertise terminate their employment with us. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting and retaining personnel with technical expertise that our business requires. In Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019, our attrition rate was 1.54%, 2.50%, and 1.72%, respectively. The loss of the services of such persons could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. The below table further showcases the attrition rate in our Company: 

|**Period**|**Total Attrition Rate**|**Leads Attrition Rate**|**Staff Attrition Rate**|**Workers Attrition**<br>**Rate**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Fiscal 2019|1.72%|0.00%|0.84%|3.17%|
|Fiscal 2020|2.50%|0.71%|1.56%|4.13%|
|Fiscal 2021|1.54%|0.00%|1.09%|2.42%|
|Nine months<br>ended December<br>31,2021|2.12%|0.46%|1.00%|3.27%|



The above attrition rate shows that there is very low attrition in the leads position grade. 

34 

The following table sets forth the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel who have resigned from our Company in the last three financial years. 

|**Period**|**Date of the**<br>**Event**|**Name of the**<br>**Person**|**Nature of Designation**|**Reason**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Fiscal 2019|None|None|None|None|
|Fiscal 2020|None|None|None|None|
|Fiscal 2021|June 30, 2020|Swati<br>Abhishek<br>Chaudhary|Company Secretary|Due to personal reasons|
|Fiscal 2022|September 4,<br>2021|Rakesh Malik|Director<br>(Non-Executive Non-<br>Independent)|Due to health issues|



We do not see any foreseeable impact due to these resignations and the positions have been appropriately filled. 

There is significant competition for management and other skilled personnel in the chemicals industry in which we operate, and it may be difficult to attract and retain the personnel we require in the future. There can be no assurance that our competitors will not offer better compensation packages, incentives and other perquisites to such skilled personnel. Further, as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we do not have key man insurance policies except for our Managing Director. We have Group Term Insurance for all our employees, wherein we are covering the lives of all our employees (with cost to the Company above ₹0.42 million per annum) with 10 times of their cost to the Company and for employees (with cost to the Company less than ₹0.42 million) with 5 times of their cost to the Company. These are taken for all the KMPs as well. In the event that we are not able to attract and retain talented employees as required for conducting our business, or if we experience high attrition levels which are largely out of our control, or if we are unable to motivate and retain existing employees, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. For further information, see “ _Our Management_ ” on page 196. 

# **_20. We do not have long-term agreements with suppliers for our raw materials and an increase in the cost of, or a shortfall in the availability or quality of such raw materials could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

In the nine months ended December 31, 2021, Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019, our cost of goods sold (cost of materials consumed and changes in inventories of finished goods and work-in-progress) was ₹2,148.77 million, ₹2,306.88 million, ₹1,561.55 million, and ₹1,095.75 million, respectively, which represented 48.55%, 51.28%, 51.74% and 54.47% of our gross revenue from operations, respectively. We source a significant amount of the raw materials that we use in our business from India, Japan, Europe, Taiwan and China. In addition, we usually do not enter into long-term supply contracts with any of our raw material suppliers and typically source raw materials from third-party suppliers under contracts of shorter period or the open market. The absence of long-term contracts at fixed prices exposes us to volatility in the prices of raw materials that we require and we may be unable to pass these costs onto our customers, which may reduce our profit margins. We face a risk that one or more of our existing suppliers may discontinue their supplies to us, and any inability on our part to procure raw materials from alternate suppliers in a timely fashion, or on commercially acceptable terms, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_21. We are subject to strict quality requirements, regular inspections and audits by our customers, and any failure to comply with quality standards may lead to cancellation of existing and future orders and could negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

We develop, manufacture and market a diverse range of advanced intermediates and speciality chemicals which have applications in the pharmaceutical, agrochemicals, material science, coatings, high performance photography, food additives and oil & gas segments of the chemical industry. Our customers maintain strict qualification and/or certification procedures. Our products go through various quality checks at various stages including random sampling check and quality check internally. Many of our key customers have audited and approved our facilities and manufacturing processes in the past and may undertake similar audits periodically in the future. These successful audits play a critical role in customer retention, and any issues that arise in the course of these audit may lead to loss of the particular customer. Further, failure of our products to meet prescribed quality standards may result in rejection and reworking of our products. This may result in our customers cancelling present or future purchases of our products and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

35 

We also have procured ISO 9001:2015 / ISO 14001:2015 / ISO 45001:2018 / ISO 27001:2013 / GMP certifications for our major operations at our Manufacturing Facility 2. While we have put in place quality control procedures, we cannot assure that our products will always be able to satisfy our prescribed quality standards. Our quality control procedures may fail to test for all possible conditions of use or identify all defects in the manufacturing of our products. While we have not faced such challenges in past, any failure on our part to successfully maintain quality standards for our products may affect our customer relationships, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

**_22. We require various licenses and approvals for undertaking our businesses and the failure to obtain or retain such licenses or approvals in a timely manner, or at all, may adversely affect our operations._** 

Our business operations are subject to various laws, the compliance of which is supervised by multiple regulatory authorities and government bodies. In order to conduct our business, we are required to obtain multiple licenses, approvals, permits and consents. For further information, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ”. Additionally, our government approvals and licenses are subject to numerous conditions, some of which are onerous including making an application for amending the existing approval and require us to make substantial expenditure. Most of these approvals and licenses are subject to ongoing inspection and compliance requirements and are valid only for a fixed period of time subject to renewals and accreditations. Additionally, we may need to apply for more approvals in the future including renewal of approvals that may expire from time to time. If we fail to renew, obtain or retain any of such approvals, in a timely manner, or at all, our business and operations may be adversely affected. 

**_23. All of our manufacturing facilities are located in Gujarat exposing us to regulatory and other geography specific risks such as labour unrests, terrorist attacks, other acts of violence and occurrence of natural and man-made disasters._** 

All of our manufacturing facilities (which includes our R&D Facilities and Pilot Plant) are located at Sachin in Surat, Gujarat. Additionally, our Proposed Greenfield Project is situated in the same area. The concentration of all of our operations in Gujarat heightens our exposure to adverse developments related to regulation, as well as political or economic, demographic and other changes in Gujarat as well as the occurrence of natural and man-made disasters in Gujarat, which may adversely affect business, financial condition and results of operations. Our manufacturing operations require significant labour and are also reliant on government policies in terms of taxes, duties and incentives made applicable by the state government. While during the last three financial years (Fiscal 2019 to Fiscal 2021), we have not been affected by such risk, in case of any unfavourable policies of the state government or state or local governments in this region, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

However, Gujarat has experienced social and civil unrest in the past within the state and such tensions could lead to political or economic instability in Gujarat and a possible adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. There can be no assurance that such situations will not recur or be more intense than in the past. 

**_24. We face competition from both domestic as well as multinational corporations and our inability to compete effectively may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Although the specialty chemicals industry provides for significant entry barriers, competition in our business is based on pricing, relationships with customers, research and development, product registration, product quality, customisation, and innovation. We face pricing pressures from companies, principally in China, that are able to produce chemicals at competitive costs and consequently, may supply their products at cheaper prices. Moreover, Indian chemical companies are faced with poor infrastructure and lack of adequate facilities at ports and railway terminals as well as poor pipeline connectivity, which imposes difficulties in raw material procurement and at a cost competitive price with global peers. We are unable to assure you that we shall be able to meet the pricing pressures imposed by such multinational competitors which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, some of our competitors in the intermediates and speciality chemicals business may have greater financial, research and technological resources, larger sales and marketing teams and more established reputation. They may also be in a better position to identify market trends, adapt to changes in industry, innovative new products, offer competitive prices due to economies of scale and also ensure product quality and compliance. For more information regarding our industry peers, please see the section “ _Industry Overview – Overview of Financial Performance of Key Players_ ”. 

# **_25. Our failure to manage growth effectively may adversely impact our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our ability to sustain growth depends primarily upon our ability to manage key issues such as our ability to sustain existing relationships with our clients, ability to obtain raw materials at better prices, ability to compete effectively, ability to scaling up our operations, adhering to high quality and execution standards, our ability to expand our manufacturing capabilities and our presence in India as well as globally, the effectiveness of our marketing initiatives, selecting and retaining skilled personnel. Sustained growth also puts pressure on our ability to effectively manage and control historical and emerging risks. Our inability 

36 

to effectively manage any of these issues may adversely affect our business growth and, as a result, impact our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

# **_26. Our investments in new products may not be successful and may be less profitable or may be loss-making._** 

In accordance with our strategy, we are investing in developing new intermediates and speciality chemicals to add to our product mix. Although we follow a careful plan and strategy to develop our products, the development of new products is subject to number of risks including, but not limited to, our failure to develop products that meet market demands and market requirements, our failure to meet competition and our failure to comply with applicable regulation. Accordingly, our new intermediates and speciality chemicals may not be successful for these and other reasons. In addition, our new products may require significant capital expenditure for development and roll out and may take substantial management time. For example, during Fiscal 2022-23, we plan to add Dolutegravir (Antiretroviral to treat HIV/AIDS), Carbamazepine (Anti-epileptic), Oxcarbazepine (Anticonvulsant), Memantine (treats symptoms of Alzheimer’s) and Ambroxol (treatment of respiratory disease) to our product portfolio. In the nine months ended December 31, 2021, Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019, our R&D expenses (capital as well as revenue) were ₹242.47 million, ₹192.83 million, ₹120.92 million and ₹52.91 million, respectively, which represented 5.40%, 4.25%, 3.98% and 2.60% of our total income, respectively. In addition, in the nine months ended December 31, 2021, Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019, our capital expenditure on R&D was ₹136.04 million, ₹79.38 million, ₹39.43 million and ₹22.42 million, respectively. Further, our investments in new products, may be less profitable than what we have experienced historically or estimated, may be lossmaking, may consume substantial financial resources and/or may divert management’s attention from existing operations, all of which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_27. There are pending litigations against our Company and certain of our Directors. Any adverse decision in such proceedings may render us/them liable to liabilities/penalties and may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Certain legal proceedings involving our Company and certain of our Directors are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and authorities. In the event of adverse rulings in these proceedings or consequent levy of penalties, we may need to make payments or make provisions for future payments and which may increase expenses and current or contingent liabilities. 

A summary of outstanding litigation proceedings involving our Company and Directors, as disclosed in “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 321 in terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus is provided below. 

|**Name of**<br>**Entity**<br>**Criminal**<br>**proceedings**<br>**Company**<br> <br> <br>|**Tax**<br>**proceedings**<br>|**Statutory or**<br>**regulatory**<br>**proceedings**<br>|**Disciplinary**<br>**actions by**<br>**the SEBI or**<br>**Stock**<br>**Exchanges**<br>**against our**<br>**Promoters**<br>|**Material**<br>**civil**<br>**litigation**<br>|**Aggregate**<br>**amount**<br>**involved (₹ in**<br>**million)**<sup>*****</sup><br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|By<br>the<br>Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Company||||||
|Against<br>the<br>Nil|3|Nil|Nil|Nil|20.97|
|Company||||||
|**Directors**<br> <br> <br>||||||
|By<br>the<br>Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Directors||||||
|Against<br>the<br>Directors<br>Nil|2|Nil|Nil|Nil|86.94|
|**Promoters**||||||
|By<br>the<br>Promoters<br>Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Against<br>the<br>Promoters<br>Nil|2|Nil|Nil|Nil|86.94|
|Disciplinary<br>action in the<br>Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|



37 

|**Name of**<br>**Entity**|**Criminal**<br>**proceedings**|**Tax**<br>**proceedings**|**Statutory or**<br>**regulatory**<br>**proceedings**|**Disciplinary**<br>**actions by**<br>**the SEBI or**<br>**Stock**<br>**Exchanges**<br>**against our**<br>**Promoters**|**Material**<br>**civil**<br>**litigation**|**Aggregate**<br>**amount**<br>**involved (₹ in**<br>**million)**<sup>*****</sup>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|last<br>five<br>Fiscals|||||||



_*to the extent quantifiable_ 

For further information, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 321. 

We cannot assure you that any of the outstanding litigation matters will be settled in our favour, or that no (additional) liability will arise out of these proceedings. Our Company is in the process of litigating these matters, and based on the assessment in accordance with applicable accounting standard our Company has presently not made provision for any of the pending legal proceedings. In addition to the foregoing, we could also be adversely affected by complaints, claims or legal actions brought by persons, before various forums such as courts, tribunals, consumer forums or sector-specific or other regulatory authorities in the ordinary course or otherwise, in relation to our products and services, our technology and/or intellectual property, our branding or marketing efforts or campaigns or our policies or any other acts/omissions. Further, we may be subject to legal action by our employees and/or ex-employees in relation to alleged grievances such as termination of their employment with our Company and vesting and exercise of employee stock option plans granted to them during their employment. There can be no assurance that such complaints or claims will not result in investigations, enquiries or legal actions by any courts, tribunals or regulatory authorities against us. 

# **_28. Our Company may not be successful in penetrating new export markets._** 

Expansion into new export markets subjects us to various challenges, including those relating to our lack of familiarity with the culture and economic conditions of these new regions, language barriers, difficulties in staffing and managing such operations, and the lack of brand recognition and reputation in such regions. In addition, the risks involved in entering new geographic markets and expanding operations, may be higher than expected, and we may face significant competition in such markets. While there have been no instances during the last three financial years (Fiscal 2019 to Fiscal 2021) where we have faced issues in penetrating new markets, we cannot assure you that we shall not face such challenges while expanding into new export markets. In the eventuality we are unable to successfully expand into new geographical regions, our growth plans and future performance shall be adversely affected. Additionally, by expanding into new geographical regions we could be subject to additional risks associated with establishing and conducting operations, including compliance with a wide range of laws, regulations and practices; exposure to expropriation or other government actions; and political, economic and social instability. 

# **_29. The cost of implementing new technologies for our operations could be significant and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our future success may depend in part on our ability to respond to technological advances and emerging standards and practices on a cost effective and timely basis. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully make timely and cost-effective enhancements and additions to the technology underpinning our operational platform, keep up with technological improvements in order to meet our customers’ needs or that the technology developed by others will not render our services less competitive or attractive. In addition, rapid and frequent technology and market demand changes can often render existing technologies and equipment obsolete, requiring substantial new capital expenditures or write-down of assets. Our failure to successfully adopt such technologies in a cost effective and a timely manner could increase our costs (in comparison to our competitors who are able to successfully implement such technologies) and lead to us being less competitive in terms of our prices or quality of services we provide. Further, implementation of new or upgraded technology may not be cost effective, which may adversely affect our profitability. Any of the above events may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

**_30. We have incurred significant capital expenditure during the last three Fiscal Years. We may require substantial financing for our business operations and planned capital expenditure and the failure to obtain additional financing on terms commercially acceptable to us may adversely affect our ability to grow and our future profitability._** 

During the nine months ended December 31, 2021, Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019, we incurred capital expenditure of ₹489.86 million, ₹800.62 million, ₹452.22 million and ₹120.28 million, respectively. A significant amount of our capital expenditure in these periods was aimed at increasing our manufacturing and R&D capacities. Our management adopts and implements business strategies that take into account a number of macro and micro economic considerations, including our 

38 

current financial condition and expected levels of growth over the medium to long term. In addition, we expect to increase our expenditure from the objects of the Offer. For further information, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 92. 

There can be no assurance that our expansion plans will be implemented as planned or on schedule, or that we will achieve our increased planned output capacity or operational efficiency. If we experience significant delays or mishaps in the implementation of the expansion plans or if there are significant cost overruns, then the overall benefit of such plans to our revenues and profitability may decline. To the extent that the planned expansion does not produce anticipated or desired output, revenue or cost-reduction outcomes, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. 

In the future, we may require substantial capital for our business operations and planned capital expenditure to maintain and grow our existing infrastructure, purchase equipment and develop and implement new technologies in our new and existing manufacturing facilities. The actual amount and timing of our future capital requirements may differ from estimates as a result of, among other things, unforeseen delays or cost overruns in developing our products, changes in business plans due to prevailing economic conditions, unanticipated expenses and regulatory changes. To the extent our planned expenditure requirements exceed our available resources, we will be required to seek additional debt or equity financing. Additional debt financing could increase our interest costs and require us to comply with additional restrictive covenants in our financing agreements. Additional equity financing could dilute our earnings per Equity Share and your investment in our Company and could adversely impact our future Equity Share price. 

Our ability to obtain additional financing on favourable terms, if at all, will depend on a number of factors, including our future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, the amount and terms of our existing indebtedness, general market conditions and market conditions for financing activities and the economic, political and other conditions in the markets where we operate. Our ability to raise debt financing on acceptable terms also depends on our credit ratings. For further information on the risks associated with credit ratings, see “ _Any downgrade of our debt ratings could adversely affect our business._ ” We cannot assure you that we will be able to raise additional financing on acceptable terms in a timely manner or at all. Our failure to renew arrangements for existing funding or to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms and in a timely manner could adversely impact our planned capital expenditure, our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_31. Our performance may be adversely affected if we are not successful in forecasting customer demands, managing our inventory or working capital._** 

We maintain relatively high inventory levels of approximately three to five months of raw material requirements for the manufacture of the products. We use our enterprise resource planning software to evaluate our inventory balances of materials based on shelf life, expected sourcing levels, known uses and anticipated demand based on forecasted customer order activity and changes in our product sales mix. Efficient inventory management is a key component of the success of our business, financial condition and results of operations. To be successful, we must maintain sufficient inventory levels and an appropriate product sales mix to meet our customers’ demands, without allowing those levels to increase to such an extent that the costs associated with storing and holding other inventory adversely affects our results of operations. Based on the details of orders received from customers, our raw material inventory and our production of finished goods is planned. Our raw material inventory is planned for a longer period (at least 5 months) so that there is no shortfall in meeting customer demands for any products. Our inventory for finished goods is only available for not more than 7 days as the products are manufactured based on the orders received. Our working capital management is done taking into account all these factors. 

Our inventory levels have increased significantly over the last three fiscal years. The following table set forth our Inventory Turnover Ratio, Net Working Capital and Capital Turnover Ratio for the periods indicated. 

|**Particulars**|**As at Decem**|**ber 31,**|**As**|**at March 31,**||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2021**|**2020**|**2021**|**2020**|**2019**|
|Inventory Turnover Ratio (days)|192|106|134|169|133|
|<br>Net Working Capital (in ₹ millions)|1,880.89|420.09|716.22|299.33|73.42|
|<br>Net Capital Turn Ratio (times)|**2.35**|**7.95**|**6.28**|**10.08**|**27.40**|



If our raw materials purchase decisions do not accurately predict sourcing levels, customer trends or our expectations about customer demands and needs are inaccurate, we may have to take unanticipated markdowns or impairment charges to dispose of the excess or obsolete inventory, which can adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, our working capital requirements have increased in recent years due to the general growth of our business. If a client defaults in making its payment on a product to which we have devoted significant resources, it may also affect our profitability and liquidity and decrease the capital resources that are otherwise available for other uses. All of these factors may result, or have resulted, in increases in our working capital requirements. If we are unable to finance our working capital needs, or secure other financing when needed, on acceptable commercial terms or at all, it may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

39 

# **_32. Fluctuation in the prices of raw materials and crude oil may affect our ability to price our products competitively._** 

The costs of materials consumed make up a large portion of our operating expenses. During the nine months ended December 31, 2021, Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019, our cost of goods sold (cost of materials consumed and changes in inventories of finished goods and work-in-progress) amounted to ₹2,148.77 million, ₹2,306.88 million, ₹1,561.55 million and ₹1,095.75 million, respectively, and our cost of materials consumed as a percentage of our gross revenue from operations was 48.55%, 51.28%, 51.74% and 54.47%, respectively. We source raw materials primarily from third-party suppliers, including imports. Our primary raw materials include derivatives of crude oil, such as phenol, amongst others. Increases in prices of raw materials, or the unavailability thereof, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Prices of some of raw materials that we use are closely linked to crude oil prices. Crude prices globally have been volatile. In Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2021, crude oil prices fluctuated significantly in large part due to the COVID-19 pandemic and global economic slowdown and then partial recovery, and crude oil prices generally have been showing increases during Fiscal 2022. In February 2022, hostilities between Russia and the Ukraine commenced, which has led the market price of oil to rise sharply and experience significant volatility. 

While we have generally been able to pass on increase in prices of such raw materials to our customers, our inability to do so in the future could adversely affect our ability to price our products competitively and consequently, would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_33. Failure or disruption of our IT, manufacturing automation systems and/or ERP systems may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We have implemented various information technology (“ **IT** ”) and/or enterprise resource planning (“ **ERP** ”) solutions to cover key areas of our operations, procurement, dispatch and accounting. We also have various automation systems and software that automate our manufacturing and production. We also have cyber insurance policy and crime insurance policy. These systems are potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of sources, which could result from (among other causes) cyber-attacks on or failures of such infrastructure or compromises to its physical security, as well as from damaging weather or other acts of nature. A significant or large-scale malfunction or interruption of one or more of our IT systems, ERP systems or manufacturing automation systems could adversely affect our ability to keep our operations running efficiently and affect product availability, particularly in the country, region or functional area in which the malfunction occurs, and wider or sustained disruption to our business cannot be excluded. In addition, it is possible that a malfunction of our data system security measures could enable unauthorized persons to access sensitive business data, including information relating to our intellectual property or business strategy or those of our customers. While we have not faced significant disruptions in past, any such malfunction or disruptions in future could cause economic losses for which we could be held liable or cause damage to our reputation. Any of these developments, alone or in combination, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, unavailability of, or failure to retain, well trained employees capable of constantly servicing our IT, manufacturing automation systems and/or ERP systems may lead to inefficiency or disruption of our operations and thereby adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_34. We are dependent on third party transportation and logistics service providers. Any increase in the charges of these entities could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Pursuant to certain of our arrangements with our customers, based on customer preferences, we are required to pay the freight costs for the products we sell. In addition, we may have to pay for transportation costs in relation to the delivery of some of the raw materials and other inputs to our manufacturing facilities. We do not own any vehicles for the transportation of our products and/or raw materials, we therefore rely on third party transportation and logistics providers for delivery of our raw materials and products. We do not have any long-term contractual arrangements with such third-party transportation and logistics providers. While we have in past not faced any significant disruptions due to dependence on third party transportation and logistics service providers, any disruptions in future of logistics could impair our ability to procure raw materials and/or deliver our products on time, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In the nine months ended December 31, 2021, Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019, our expenses for freight (inward and outward) were ₹122.27 million, ₹123.52 million, ₹80.30 million and ₹46.08 million, respectively, which constituted 2.72%, 2.72%, 2.64% and 2.27%, respectively, of our total income, and, and which represented 3.62%, 3.43%, 3.25% and 2.70%, respectively, of our total expenses. We are subject to the risk of increases in freight costs. If we cannot fully offset any increases in freight costs, through increases in the prices for our products, we would experience lower margins. In addition, any increase in export tariffs also will increase expenses which in turn may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

While we believe we have adequately insured ourselves against the risk involved in maritime transport, we may be responsible 

40 

for the transport of our products and accordingly be exposed to the risk of theft, accidents and/or loss of our products in transit. While there have been no material instances of theft, accident or loss in the past three years, we cannot assure you that such incidents will not occur in future. Any such acts could result in serious liability claims (for which we may not be adequately insured) which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_35. We have not yet placed orders in relation to the capital expenditure to be incurred for the Proposed Greenfield Project. In the event of any delay in placing the orders, or in the event the vendors are not able to provide the equipment in a timely manner, or at all, may result in time and cost over-runs and our business, prospects and results of operations may be adversely affected. Our proposed capacity expansion plans via one of our new manufacturing facilities are subject to the risk of unanticipated delays in implementation and cost overruns._** 

We have made and intend to continue making investments to expand our manufacturing capacities to aid our growth efforts. We intend to use a part of the Net Proceeds to set-up a new manufacturing facility in Surat, Gujarat to expand capacities in our popular product segments and launch new product segments (“ **Proposed Greenfield Project** ”). This facility at Surat is intended to be funded from a combination of internal accruals and proceeds of the Fresh Issue. 

The total estimated cost for the Proposed Greenfield Project is ₹1,900.00 million. We propose to fund the cost of the Proposed Greenfield Project as follows: 

||**Source of funds for total estimated cost**|**(₹ million)**|
|---|---|---|
|Net Proceeds||1,630.00|
|Internal accruals||270.00|
|**Total**||**1,900.00**|



Total estimated cost as per certificate dated May 16, 2022 issued by Dr. Pankaj Jayantilal Gandhi (Chartered Engineer) in respect of the Proposed Greenfield Project. Our Proposed Greenfield Project remains subject to the potential problems and uncertainties that construction projects face including cost overruns or delays. Problems that could adversely affect our expansion plans include labour shortages, increased costs of equipment or manpower, inadequate performance of the equipment and machinery installed in our manufacturing facilities, delays in completion, defects in design or construction, the possibility of unanticipated future regulatory restrictions, delays in receiving governmental, statutory and other regulatory approvals, incremental pre-operating expenses, taxes and duties, interest and finance charges, working capital margin, environment and ecology costs and other external factors which may not be within the control of our management. Further, there can be no assurance that our budgeted costs may be sufficient to meet our proposed capital expenditure requirements. If our actual capital expenditures significantly exceed our budgets, or even if our budgets were sufficient to cover these projects, we may not be able to achieve the intended economic benefits of these projects, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete the aforementioned expansion and additions in accordance with the proposed schedule of implementation and any delay could have an adverse impact on our growth, prospects, cash flows and financial condition. 

The Proposed Greenfield Project will require us to obtain various approvals, which are routine in nature including approvals such as consent to establish and fire-no objection certificate. For further details, see “ _Objects of the Offer – Funding capital expenditure requirements for Proposed Greenfield Project – Government approvals_ ” on page 97. In addition to such pending approvals, we will also need to apply for certain additional approvals required for the Proposed Greenfield Project. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain these registrations and approvals including approvals in relations to power and water procurement in a timely manner or at all. Further, in the event of any unanticipated delay in receipt of such approvals, the proposed schedule implementation and deployment of the Net Proceeds may be extended or may vary accordingly. While we have procured quotations from various vendors in relation to the capital expenditure to be incurred for the Proposed Greenfield Project, we have not placed any firm orders for any of them. For details in respect of the foregoing, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 92. Such quotations are valid for a certain period of time and may be subject to revisions, and other commercial and technical factors. We cannot assure you that we will be able to undertake such capital expenditure within the cost indicated by such quotations or that there will not be cost escalations. Further, the actual amount and timing of our future capital requirements may differ from our estimates as a result of, among other things, unforeseen delays or cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, engineering design changes and technological changes. 

Further, if we are unable to procure the requisite raw materials from the vendors from whom we have procured quotations, we cannot assure you that we may be able to identify alternative vendors to provide us with the raw materials which satisfy our requirements at acceptable prices. Our inability to procure the machinery and equipment at acceptable prices or in a timely manner, may result in an increase in capital expenditure, the proposed schedule implementation and deployment of the Net Proceeds may be extended or may vary accordingly, thereby resulting in an adverse effect on our business, prospects and results of operations. 

41 

**_36. Restrictions on import of raw materials and an increase in shipment cost may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

During the nine months ended December 31, 2021, Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019, our cost of goods sold (cost of materials consumed and changes in inventories of finished goods and work-in-progress) amounted to ₹2,148.77 million, ₹2,306.88 million, ₹1,561.55 million and ₹1,095.75 million, respectively, and our cost of materials consumed as a percentage of our gross revenue from operations was 48.55%, 51.28%, 51.74% and 54.47%, respectively. In the nine months ended December 31, 2021, Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019, our purchase of imported raw materials was ₹790.96 million, ₹1,062.49 million, ₹804.07 million, and ₹471.16 million, and constituted 30.63%, 47.47%, 45.59% and 39.85%, respectively, of our total raw material purchase. Some of our raw material imports are regulated by the Manufacture, Storage and Import of Hazardous Chemical Rules, 1989 that, _inter alia_ , allows the concerned authority to stop any import if it is deemed that the chemicals proposed to be imported may cause major accidents. We are unable to assure you that such regulations would not be made more stringent which would consequently restrict our ability to import raw materials from other jurisdictions. We also cannot assure you that, under these circumstances, we will be successful in identifying alternate suppliers for raw materials or we will be able to source the raw materials at favourable terms in a timely manner. Any restriction on import of raw materials could have an adverse effect on our ability to deliver products to our customers, and our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, in the future, if there are any trade restrictions, sanctions or higher tariffs being placed by India on imports from another country or similar restrictions placed by the exporting country for supply of products to India, such trade restrictions, sanctions or higher tariffs may significantly impact our sourcing decisions and It may lead to increased cost of purchase, and shortages of materials, which could impact our supply commitment to our customers and adversely affect our manufacturing activities. While we have not experienced trade restrictions or sanctions in the last three Financial Years (Fiscal 2019 to Fiscal 2021), however, such trade restrictions, sanctions or higher tariffs if imposed in future could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_37. Our business may expose us to potential product liability claims and recalls, which could adversely affect our results operation, goodwill and the marketability of our products._** 

We may be exposed to risks of products recalls and returns. In addition, we may be exposed to potential product liability claims, and the severity and timing of such claims are unpredictable. While we have taken insurance to protect us from such claims; however, this insurance coverage may be inadequate or not applicable to a particular set of claims, please refer risk factor – “ _Our insurance coverage may not adequately protect us against all losses or the insurance cover may not be available for all the losses as per the insurance policy, which could adversely affect business, financial condition and results of operations_ ” for further information. We face the risk of loss resulting from, and the adverse publicity associated with, product liability lawsuits, whether or not such claims are valid. We may also be subject to claims resulting from manufacturing defects or negligence in storage or handling which may lead to the deterioration of our products. Product liability claims, regardless of their merits or the ultimate success of the defence against them, are expensive. Even unsuccessful product liability claims would likely require us to incur substantial amounts on litigation and require our management’s time and focus. Accordingly, such product liability claims, may adversely affect our results of operation, goodwill and the marketability of our products. 

**_38. If we are unable to establish and maintain an effective internal controls and compliance system, our business and reputation could be adversely affected._** 

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal measures commensurate with the size and complexity of operations. Our internal audit functions make an evaluation of the adequacy and effectiveness of internal systems on an ongoing basis so that our operations adhere to our policies, compliance requirements and internal guidelines. We periodically test and update our internal processes and systems and there have been no past material instances of failure to maintain effective internal controls and compliance system. However, we are exposed to operational risks arising from the potential inadequacy or failure of internal processes or systems, and our actions may not be sufficient to ensure effective internal checks and balances in all circumstances. 

We take reasonable steps to maintain appropriate procedures for compliance and disclosure and to maintain effective internal controls over our financial reporting so that we produce reliable financial reports and prevent financial fraud. As risks evolve and develop, internal controls must be reviewed on an ongoing basis. 

Further, our operations are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations. These laws generally prohibit us and our employees and intermediaries from bribing, being bribed or making other prohibited payments to government officials or other persons to obtain or retain business or gain some other business advantage. We participate in collaborations and relationships with third parties whose actions could potentially subject us to liability under these laws or other local anti-corruption laws. While our code of conduct requires our employees and intermediaries to comply with all applicable laws, and we continue to enhance our policies and procedures in an effort to ensure compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations, these measures 

42 

may not prevent the breach of such anti-corruption laws, as there are risks of such breaches in emerging markets, such as India, including within the chemicals sector. If we are not in compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement and other sanctions and remedial measures, and legal expenses, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Likewise, any investigation of any potential violations of anti-corruption laws by the relevant authorities could also have an adverse impact on our business and reputation. 

**_39. We are dependent on third parties for the supply of utilities, such as water, gas and electricity, at our manufacturing facilities and any disruption in the supply of such utilities could adversely affect our manufacturing operations._** 

We procure electricity for use at our facilities from the local grid. We procure water for use at our facilities from the Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation. As part of our manufacturing process, we use natural gas supplied by a state-owned gas company. Reliance on third parties for electricity, water and gas exposes us to risks such as shortage or break down in supply, the correction of which is in the hands of such third parties, and which, if not corrected, could result in a temporary of all or part of operations. While we have not faced challenges in supply in past due to dependence on third parties for the supply of utilities, we cannot assure you that we shall not face shortage or break down in supply of utilities in future. Additionally, in case of a break- down of our relationship with the utility providers, we are unable to assure you that we shall be able to source such utilities from alternate sources in a timely manner, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_40. The demand of our products in foreign countries is subject to international market conditions and regulatory risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We export our products to over 18 countries. During the nine months ended December 31, 2021, Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019, our total income from our exports (excluding deemed exports) amounted to ₹2,162.77 million, ₹2,278.25 million, ₹1,295.81 million and ₹918.26 million, respectively, which constituted 48.87%, 50.65%, 42.94% and 45.64%, respectively, of our revenue from operations. Therefore, any developments in the global chemical industry or the industries in which our customers operate could have an impact on our sales from exports. From time to time, tariffs, quotas and other tariff and nontariff trade barriers may be imposed on our products in jurisdictions in which we operate or seek to sell our products. There can be no assurance that the European Community and the United States, among others, where we seek to sell our products will not impose trade restrictions on us in future. We may also be prohibited from exporting to certain restricted countries that may be added to a sanctions list maintained by the Government of India or other foreign governments, such as the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons list maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the US Department of Treasury in the United States. Any such imposition of trade barriers may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_41. We are entitled to certain export incentives for a specified period of time. Expiry or early withdrawal of such subsidies or export incentives may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, our inability to fulfil our export obligations under Advance Authorization Licenses, could subject us to payment of customs duties together with interest thereby adversely impacting our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We benefit from certain subsidies and export incentives under export promotion schemes including the Merchandise Exports from India Scheme (MEIS) duty credit. While there have been no instances during the last three financial years (Fiscal 2019 to Fiscal 2021) where subsidies or export incentives have been withdrawn or non-receipt of disbursement of the benefit under such export schemes, if these subsidies or export incentives are withdrawn, or there is a delay in disbursements of benefits under such schemes, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. In addition, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected if we are subject to any dispute with the tax authorities in relation to these benefits or in the event, we are unable to comply with the conditions required to be complied with in order to avail ourselves of these benefits. 

Further, we avail ourselves of exemptions from customs duties under Advance Authorization Licenses. Under the Advance Authorization Licenses, we import certain important raw materials without the payment of Import Duties, which are then used in the manufacture of goods to be exported. Our inability to fulfil our export obligations under such Advance Authorization Licenses, could subject us to payment of customs duties together with interest thereby adversely impacting our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further information on our tax benefits, see our “ _Statement of Special Tax Benefits_ ” on page 111. 

# **_42. If any of our products or the products of our customers cause, or are perceived to cause, severe side effects, our reputation, revenues and profitability could be adversely affected._** 

We develop, manufacture and market a diverse range of chemical products and formulations including hazardous substances, which are primarily used as raw materials for a variety of end user applications. If our products or our customers’ products cause, or are perceived to cause, severe side effects to their end-users, we may face a number of consequences, including, a 

43 

severe decrease in the demand for, and sales of, the relevant products; the recall or withdrawal of the relevant products; withdrawal or cancellation of regulatory approvals for the relevant production facility; damage to our reputation and brand name; and exposure to lawsuits and regulatory investigation relating to the relevant products that result in liabilities, fines or sanctions. While there have been no material instances during the last three financial years (Fiscal 2019 to Fiscal 2021) of such risk, in case any of our products or products of our customer cause, or are perceived to cause, severe side effects our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

# **_43. We engage contract labour for carrying out certain business operations. Requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

In order to retain operational efficiencies, we engage independent contractors through whom we engage contract labour for performance of certain functions at our manufacturing units as well as at our offices. Although we do not engage these labourers directly, we are responsible for any wage payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractors. While there have been no past instances during the last three financial years (Fiscal 2019 to Fiscal 2021) where we have had to fund wage requirements of the contract labour, any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_44. We might infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others and any misappropriation of our intellectual property could harm our competitive position._** 

While we take care to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of others, we cannot determine with certainty as to whether we are infringing on any existing third-party intellectual property rights, which may require us to alter our technologies, obtain licenses or cease some of our operations. We may also be susceptible to claims from third parties asserting infringement and other related claims. If such claims are raised, those claims could: (a) adversely affect our relationships with current or future customers: (b) result in costly litigation; (c) cause product shipment delays or stoppages; (d) divert management's attention and resources; (e) subject us to significant liabilities; (f) require us to enter into potentially expensive royalty or licensing agreements and (g) require us to cease certain activities. While in the last three financial years (Fiscal 2019 to Fiscal 2021) we have not been involved in litigation or incurred litigation expenses in connection with our trademarks or intellectual property rights, in the case of an infringement claim made by a third party, we may be required to defend such claims at our own cost and liability and may need to indemnify and hold harmless our customers. Furthermore, necessary licenses may not be available to us on satisfactory terms, if at all. In addition, we may decide to settle a claim or action against us, which settlement could be costly. We may also be liable for any past infringement that we are not aware of. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, in certain cases, our customers share their intellectual property rights in the course of the product development process that we carry out for them. If our customer's intellectual property rights are misappropriated by our employees in violation of any applicable confidentiality agreements, our customers may seek damages and compensation from us. This could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and damage our reputation and relationships with our customers. 

**_45. Failure to maintain confidential information of our customers could adversely affect our results of operations or damage our reputation._** 

We enter into confidentiality agreements and non-disclosure agreements with our customers and other third parties. Our agreements with our customers also contain confidentiality and non-disclosure clauses. As per these agreements, we are required to keep confidential, the know-how and technical specifications, if any, provided to us by these customers. In the event of any breach or alleged breach of our confidentiality agreements with our customers, these customers may terminate their engagements with us or initiate litigation for breach of contract. Moreover, most of these contracts do not contain provisions limiting our liability with respect to breaches of our obligation to keep the information we receive from them confidential. As a result, if our customers’ confidential information is misappropriated by us or our employees, our customers may consider us liable for that act and seek damages and compensation from us, in addition, to seeking termination of the contract. While there have been no instances during the last three financial years (Fiscal 2019 to Fiscal 2021) of information technology breach or instances of cyber-attack, assertions of misappropriation of confidential information or the intellectual property of our customers against us, if successful, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if such assertions against us are unsuccessful, they may cause us to incur reputational harm and substantial cost. 

# **_46. An inability to comply with repayment and other covenants in the financing agreements could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and credit rating._** 

We have entered into agreements in relation to financing arrangements with certain banks for working capital facilities We have entered into agreements in relation to financing arrangements with certain banks for working capital facilities and bank 

44 

guarantees. As of December 31, 2021, we had total outstanding borrowings of ₹2,347.30 million comprising of non-current borrowings of ₹1,018.46 million and current borrowings (including current maturities of long-term borrowings) of ₹1,328.84 million. The agreements with respect to our borrowings contain restrictive covenants, including, but not limited to, requirements that we obtain consent from the lenders prior to undertaking certain matters including, among others, effecting a merger, amalgamation or scheme of arrangement, change in capital structure of our Company subject to the threshold prescribed for the shareholding of certain shareholders of our Company and entering into forward contracts, swaps, options, or other liability management contracts in respect of short term facilities. For details, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” beginning on page 318. 

Further, under the terms of our borrowings, we are required to create a charge by way of hypothecation on the entire current assets of our Company, together with cash in hand, bank accounts and receivables, and, in our term loans, fixed assets. As these assets are hypothecated in favour of lenders, our rights in respect of transferring or disposing of these assets are restricted. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the financial or other covenants prescribed under the documentation for our financing arrangements or that we will be able to obtain consents necessary to take the actions that may be required to operate and grow our business. Further, if we fail to service our debt obligations, the lenders have the right to enforce the security created in respect of our secured borrowings. If the lenders choose to enforce security and dispose our assets to recover the amounts due from us, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Any failure to comply with the conditions and covenants in our financing agreements or the creation of additional encumbrances that is not waived by our lenders or guarantors or otherwise cured or occurrence of a material adverse event could lead to an event of default and consequent termination of our credit facilities could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_47. Our Company has unsecured loans which are repayable on demand. Any demand from lenders for repayment of such unsecured loans may adversely affect our cash flows._** 

As of December 31, 2021, our Company has unsecured loans amounting to ₹149.20 million, and may in the future continue to avail unsecured borrowings (such as loans from our directors / promoters and financial institution), which may be recalled at any time, with or without the existence of an event of default, on short or no notice. Such recalls on borrowed amounts may be contingent upon happening of an event beyond our control and there can be no assurance that we will be able to persuade our lender to give us extensions or to refrain from exercising such recalls, which may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. 

The following table sets forth unsecured loans by our Promoters and Promoter Group for the dates indicated 

|||||_(in ₹ million)_|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Unsecured Loans Received**||**Unsecured**|**loans as on**||
||**December 31,**<br>**2021**|**March 31, 2021**|**March 31, 2020**|**March 31,2019**|
|Ashwin Jayantilal Desai|35.02|20.52|18.55|17.85|
|Purnima Ashwin Desai|11.11|11.11|9.51|8.51|
|Rohan Ashwin Desai|59.18|55.28|49.37|34.04|
|Aman Ashvin Desai|12.90|9.41|4.92|3.72|
|Payal Rohan Desai|4.70|3.10|2.00|0.00|
|Ishita Surendra Manjrekar|26.29|0.00|0.00|0.00|
|Aman Desai (HUF)|0.00|26.29|26.29|26.29|



For further details, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 318. 

# **_48. We do not own the premises of our Registered Office, one of our manufacturing facilities or our administration offices._** 

We do not own our Registered Office premises or the premises of our manufacturing facility at Plot No. 8203, Road No. 08, GIDC Industrial Estate, Sachin, Surat 394230, Gujarat, India. This manufacturing facility is occupied by us on a leasehold basis (99 years, remaining 79 years as on March 2015 when the premises was taken on lease). We cannot assure you that we will be able to renew our lease on commercially acceptable terms or at all. In the event that we are required to vacate our current registered office, we would be required to make alternative arrangements for new offices and we cannot assure that the new arrangements will be on commercially acceptable terms. 

# **_49. Employee misconduct could harm us and is difficult to detect and deter._** 

Although we closely monitor our employees, misconduct, including acts of bribery, corruption or fraud by employees or executives, such acts could include binding us to transactions that exceed authorized limits or present unacceptable risks, or 

45 

they may hide unauthorized or unlawful activities from us, which may result in substantial financial losses and damage to our reputation and loss of business from our customers. Employee or executive misconduct could also involve the improper use or disclosure of confidential information, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious reputational or financial harm, including harm to our brand. While we have not experienced any such employee misconduct in the past, it is not always possible to deter employee or executive misconduct and the precautions taken and systems put in place to prevent and detect such activities may not be effective in all cases. Any instances of such misconduct could adversely affect our business and our reputation. The Company has though obtained the criminal insurance policy for coverage against such misconduct. 

**_50. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the equity shareholders._** 

We have in the course of our business entered into, and will continue to enter into, several transactions with our related parties including remuneration paid to our Directors. For further information, see “ _Restated Financial Statements_ ” on page 219. We cannot assure you that we will receive similar terms in our related party transactions in the future and that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. 

The transactions we have entered into and any further transactions that we may have with our related parties could potentially involve conflicts of interest which may be detrimental to us. We cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on business and financial results, including because of potential conflicts of interest or otherwise. 

**_51. Our Directors and key management personnel may have interests other than reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration or benefits in our Company._** 

Our Directors and key management personnel may be interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses, to the extent of the Equity Shares and employee stock options held by them in our Company, and any dividends, bonuses or other distributions on such Equity Shares. For further details, other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or normal remuneration or benefits, see “ _Our Management – Interest of Directors_ ” on page 203. 

**_52. After the completion of the Offer, our Promoters will continue to collectively hold substantial shareholding in our Company._** 

Currently, our Promoters own an aggregate of 96.83% of our outstanding Equity Shares. Following the completion of the Offer, certain Promoter Shareholders will continue to hold a majority of our post-Offer Equity Share capital which will allow them to exercise significant control over the outcome of the matters submitted to our shareholders for approval. For details of their shareholding pre- and post- Offer, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 75. This concentration of ownership may delay, defer or even prevent a change in control of our Company and may make some transactions more difficult without the support of these shareholders. In addition, these Shareholders have the ability to exercise influence over our business, and may cause us take actions that are not in, or may conflict with, our or our other shareholder’s best interests, including matters relating to our management and policies and the election of our directors and senior management, the approval of lending and investment policies, revenue budgets, capital expenditure, dividend policy, strategic acquisitions and fund raising activities. The interests of our significant shareholders could conflict with our interests or the interests of our other shareholders. Any such conflict may adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy or to operate our business. 

**_53. Information relating to the installed manufacturing capacity of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates and future production and capacity may vary._** 

Information relating to the historical installed capacity and estimated capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus is based on various assumptions and estimates of our management and an independent chartered engineer, Dr. Pankaj Jayantilal Gandhi including assumptions relating to expected operations, availability of raw materials, expected unit utilization levels, downtime resulting from scheduled maintenance activities, downtime resulting from change in stock keeping units for a particular product, unscheduled breakdowns, mould changeover as well as expected operational efficiencies, please refer to “ _Our Business - Capacity Production and Utilization_ ” on page 173 of the DRHP for further details. Actual production volumes and capacity utilization rates, however, may differ significantly from the estimated production capacities and historical capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities. Investors should therefore not place undue reliance on our historical installed capacity information for our existing manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_54. Any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders’ approval._** 

46 

We intend to use the net proceeds raised pursuant to the Fresh Issue as set forth under “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 92. At this stage, we cannot determine with any certainty if we would require the Net Proceeds to meet any other expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of competitive environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. In accordance with Sections 13(8) and 27 of the Companies Act 2013, we cannot undertake any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds without obtaining the shareholders’ approval through a special resolution. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to undertake variation in the disclosed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain the shareholders’ approval in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such shareholders’ approval may adversely affect our business or operations. 

Further, our Promoters would be required to provide an exit opportunity to Shareholders who do not agree with our proposal to change the objects of the Offer or vary the terms of such contracts, at a price and manner as prescribed by SEBI. Additionally, the requirement on Promoters to provide an exit opportunity to such dissenting shareholders may deter the Promoter from agreeing to the variation of the proposed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. Further, we cannot assure you that the Promoters or the controlling shareholders of our Company will have adequate resources at their disposal at all times to enable them to provide an exit opportunity at the price prescribed by SEBI. In light of these factors, we may not be able to undertake variation of objects of the Issue to use any unutilized proceeds of the Offer, if any, or vary the terms of any contract referred to in this Red Herring Prospectus, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. This may restrict our Company’s ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition by re-deploying the unutilised portion of Net Proceeds, if any, or varying the terms of contract, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**_55. The objects of the Offer include funding working capital requirements of our Company, which are based on certain assumptions and estimates._** 

The objects of the Offer include funding working capital requirements of our Company, which are based on management estimates and certain assumptions in relation to inter alia sales of our products in the future, the cost and holding periods of inventories of raw materials and finished goods as well as capacity utilisation. For details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 92. Our working capital requirements may be subject to change due to factors beyond our control including force majeure conditions, an increase in defaults by our customers, availability of funding from banks or financial institutions. Accordingly, such working capital requirements may not be indicative of the actual requirements of our Company in the future and investors are advised to not place undue reliance on such estimates of future working capital requirements. 

**_56. Our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of Net Proceeds are not appraised by any independent agency are based on management estimates and may be subject to change based on various factors, some of which beyond our control. Any changes in the estimated funding requirements could affect our business and results of operations._** 

We intend to utilize the Net Proceeds of the Offer as set forth in “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” beginning on page 92. Our funding requirements are based on management estimates and our current business plans and has not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. The deployment of the Net Proceeds will be at the discretion of our Board. However, the deployment of the Net Proceeds will be monitored by the Monitoring Agency. We may have to reconsider our estimates or business plans due to changes in underlying factors, some of which are beyond our control, such as the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, interest or exchange rate fluctuations, changes in designs, increase in input costs, labour costs, logistics and transport costs, incremental preoperative expenses, taxes and duties, start-up costs, engineering procurement and construction costs, regulatory costs, environmental factors, other external factors and since we have not presently entered into any definitive agreements for the use of the Net Proceeds. Accordingly, prospective investors in the Offer will need to rely upon our management’s judgment with respect to the use of the Net Proceeds. If we are unable to deploy the Net Proceeds in a timely or an efficient manner, it may affect our business and results of operations. 

**_57. We track certain operational metrics with internal systems and tools. Certain of our operational metrics are subject to inherent challenges in measurement which may adversely affect our business and reputation._** 

We track certain operational metrics, including transaction volumes and key business and non-GAAP metrics such as EBITDA, EBITDA margin, ROCE, ROE, return on net worth, working capital, net worth, net asset value per share and debt equity ratio, among others, with internal systems and tools and which may differ from estimates or similar metrics published by third parties due to differences in sources, methodologies, or the assumptions on which we rely. We have implemented various management information systems to track our operational data accurately. We also review our data monthly and compare this data to various industry player to find any abnormal variations. However, our internal systems and tools still have inherent limitations, and our methodologies for tracking these metrics may change over time, which could result in unexpected changes to our metrics, including the metrics we publicly disclose. If the internal systems and tools /we use to track these metrics undercount or over count performance or contain algorithmic or other technical errors, the data we report may not be accurate. While these numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable estimates of our metrics for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring how our platforms are used across large populations. In addition, limitations or errors with 

47 

respect to how we measure data or with respect to the data that we measure may affect our understanding of certain details of our business, which could affect our long-term strategies. If our operating metrics are not accurate representations of our business, if investors do not perceive our operating metrics to be accurate, or if we discover material inaccuracies with respect to these figures, we expect that our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected. 

**_58. In the event the Offer is not completed within 12 months from November 27, 2021 or within 60 days from entering into SSA 4, SSA 5, SSA 6, SSA 7 and SSA 8, our Company has an obligation to buy-back Equity Shares allotted to investors on November 27, 2021 pursuant to SSA 1, SSA 2 and SSA 3 (such investors, the “New Investors 1”) and Equity Shares allotted to investors on May 5, 2022 pursuant to SSA 4, SSA 5, SSA 6, SSA 7 and SSA 8 (such investors, the “New Investors 2”)._** 

Pursuant to SSA 1, SSA 2 and SSA 3, each of the New Investors 1 has a right to require our Company to buy-back (subject to compliance with applicable law) their respective Equity Shares allotted to each of them on November 27, 2021, if the Equity Shares are not listed on the Stock Exchanges, on or before the expiry of 12 months from November 27, 2021 at the price at which Equity Shares were allotted to the New Investors 1 or the Company decides not to proceed with the listing prior to the expiry of 12 months from November 27, 2021, at a 1% interest per annum calculated from November 27, 2021 till the date of actual payment to the respective New Investor (“ **Purchase Consideration** ”), subject to applicable law. Further, if the Company is unable to buy-back the said Equity Shares from the New Investors 1 for the Purchase Consideration, the Company shall cause the existing shareholders of the Company or any third party to purchase the said Equity Shares within a period of 30 Business Days for the Purchase Consideration. Moreover, if the Equity Shares allotted on November 27, 2021 are not listed on the Stock Exchanges on or before expiry of 12 months from November 27, 2021 or the Company decides not to proceed with the listing prior to the expiry of 12 months from November 27, 2021, the Company shall create a fixed deposit of an amount equivalent to the price at which Equity Shares were allotted to the New Investors 1 and mark a lien on the said fixed deposit in favour of the New Investors. 

Pursuant to the SSA 4, SSA 5, SSA 6, SSA 7 and SSA 8, each of the New Investors 2 has a right to require our Company to buy-back (subject to compliance with applicable law) its Equity Shares allotted to it, if the Equity Shares are not listed on the Stock Exchanges, within 60 days from closing date of the initial term or such extended period agreed upon between parties in writing (“ **Initial Term** ”). In the event of failure the Company to perform its obligations, it shall buy-back the subscription shares within a period of 21 business days from Initial Term or such extended period agreed between the parties in writing (“ **Final Term** ”) in accordance with applicable laws and shall credit the buy-back consideration to the New Investors 2 on or before the Final Term provided that the New Investors 2 have released the lien on the fixed deposit to facilitate utilization of the same for the purpose of such buy-back. Upon completion of the aforesaid buy-back, the parties shall be released from all claims and further obligations in relation of the Agreement subject to applicable law. Further, in the event that the Company is unable to complete the buyback within the Final Term the New Investors 2, without prejudice to its rights and remedies, shall have the right to invoke the lien on the Fixed Deposit and appropriate the proceeds thereof 

While these above provisions automatically terminate on the listing of the Equity Shares pursuant to the Offer, we cannot assure you that the Offer will be consummated on or prior to such date. In the event these provisions are to be made effective, our Company and/or the existing shareholders of the Company, may require significant resources which in turn may have a material adverse impact on the Company and its prospects, to the extent applicable. 

# **_59. We have issued Equity Shares during the preceding one year at a price that may be below the Offer Price._** 

We have issued Equity Shares in the last 12 months at a price that may be lower than the Offer Price, as set out in the table below: 

|**Date of allotment**|**No. of Equity**<br>**Shares allotted**|<br>**Face value per**<br>**Equity**<br>**Share(₹)**|<br>**Issue**<br>**price/conversion**<br>**price per Equity**<br>**Share (₹)**|**Nature of**<br>**consideration**|**Nature of transaction**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|February 6, 2021|1,538,367|10|162.51|Not applicable|Conversion of 25,000,000<br>Preference Shares|
|November 17, 2021|100,985,670|10|-|Not applicable|Bonus Issue|
|November 27, 2021|1,607,160|10|642.00|Cash|Private Placement|
|May 5, 2022|2,024,921|10|642.00|Cash|Private Placement|



The price at which our Company has issued the Equity Shares in the preceding 12 months is not indicative of the Offer Price or that will prevail in the open market following listing of the Equity Shares. For details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” beginning on page 75. 

48 

# **External Risks** 

# _Risks Relating to India_ 

# **_60. A slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer._** 

Our performance and the growth of our business are necessarily dependent on the health of the overall Indian economy. Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy or future volatility in global commodity prices could adversely affect our business. Additionally, an increase in trade deficit, a downgrading in India’s sovereign debt rating or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively affect interest rates and liquidity, which could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business. In particular, the COVID-19 pandemic caused an economic downturn in India and globally. Any downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India could also adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

India’s economy could be adversely affected by a general rise in interest rates or inflation, adverse weather conditions affecting agriculture, commodity and energy prices as well as various other factors. A slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect the policy of the GoI towards our industry, which may in turn adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to implement our business strategy. 

The Indian economy is also influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market conditions in Asia. A decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves and exchange rate fluctuations may also affect liquidity and interest rates in the Indian economy, which could adversely impact our financial condition. A loss of investor confidence in other emerging market economies or any worldwide financial instability may adversely affect the Indian economy, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Further, other factors which may adversely affect the Indian economy are scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing of our expansions; volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies, like application of GST; political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; occurrence of natural or man-made disasters; infectious disease outbreaks or other serious public health concerns; prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; and other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India or its financial services sectors. 

# **_61. Our business is affected by global economic conditions, especially in the geographies we cater to, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

Our business depends substantially on global economic conditions. During the nine months ended December 31, 2021, Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019, our sales from exports (excluding deemed exports), as a percentage of our gross revenue from operations were 48.87%, 50.65%, 42.94% and 45.64%, respectively. A significant number of our customers and the majority of the end users of our products are located and primarily operating in Europe, North and South America, and Asia and some of them were adversely impacted by the economic downturn in these economies, disruption in banking and financial systems, economic weakness, unfavourable government policies, rising inflation, lowering of spending power and customer confidence, and political uncertainty. 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market countries in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia, U.S. and elsewhere in the world in recent years has affected the Indian economy. Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy. Financial disruptions may occur again and could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The global credit and equity markets have experienced substantial dislocations, liquidity disruptions and market corrections in recent years. Financial markets and the supply of credit could continue to be negatively impacted by ongoing concerns surrounding the sovereign debts and/or fiscal deficits of several countries in Europe, the possibility of further downgrades of, or defaults on, sovereign debt, concerns about a slowdown in growth in certain economies and uncertainties regarding the stability and overall standing of the European Monetary Union. 

A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and indirectly in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could influence the Indian economy. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States, Europe and other jurisdictions, including India, have implemented several policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. In 

49 

addition, any increase in interest rates by the United States Federal Reserve will lead to an increase in the borrowing costs in the United States which may in turn impact global borrowing as well. Furthermore, in several parts of the world, there are signs of increasing retreat from globalization of goods, services and people, as pressure for the introduction of a protectionist regime is building and such developments could adversely affect Indian exports. However, the overall impact of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. In the event that the current adverse conditions in the global credit markets continue or if there is any significant financial disruption, this could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations . 

In February 2022, hostilities between Russia and the Ukraine commenced, which has led stock, commodities and foreign exchange markets worldwide to fluctuate. In addition, the market price of oil has risen sharply since the commencement of hostilities in the Ukraine, which may have an inflationary effect in India and other countries. A prolonged war or a protracted period of hostilities in the Ukraine may lead to global economic disturbances. 

If we are unable to successfully anticipate and respond to changing economic and market conditions, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 

# **_62. Changing regulations in India could lead to new compliance requirements that are uncertain._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and is subject to change. The GoI may implement new laws or other regulations and policies that could affect our business in general, which could lead to new compliance requirements, including requiring us to obtain approvals and licenses from the Government and other regulatory bodies, or impose onerous requirements. 

For instance, the GoI has recently introduced (a) the Code on Wages, 2019; (b) the Code on Social Security, 2020; (c) the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020; and (d) the Industrial Relations Code, 2020 which consolidate, subsume and replace numerous existing central labour legislations. While the rules for implementation under these codes have not been notified, we are yet to determine the impact of all or some such laws on our business and operations which may restrict our ability to grow our business in the future and increase our expenses. In the absence of any precedents on the subject, the application of these provisions is uncertain and may or may not have an adverse tax impact on us. 

Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

**_63. A slowdown in our exports due to tariffs and trade barriers and international sanctions could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

A significant portion of our revenue is derived from exports. From time to time, tariffs, quotas and other tariff and non-tariff trade barriers may be imposed on our products in jurisdictions in which we operate or seek to sell our products. There can be no assurance that the European Community and the United States, among others, where we seek to sell our products will not impose trade restrictions on us in future. We may also be prohibited from exporting to certain restricted countries that may be added to a sanctions list maintained by the Government of India or other foreign governments, such as the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons list maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the US Department of Treasury in the United States.  In February 2022, hostilities between Russia and the Ukraine commenced, which has led to the imposition of sanctions of various Russian interests (and in some cases Belarus) by the European Union, Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand, Switzerland, South Korea, the United Kingdom and the United States. Any such imposition of trade barriers or international sanctions may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_64. Natural calamities, climate change and health epidemics and pandemics such as COVID-19 could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

India has experienced natural calamities, such as earthquakes and floods in recent years. Natural calamities could have an adverse impact on the Indian economy which, in turn, could adversely affect our business, and may damage or destroy our manufacturing and R&D facilities or other assets which are concentrated in one location. Any of these natural calamities could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

A number of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to contagious diseases and, for example, have had confirmed cases of the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in 

50 

birds and swine. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic, has caused a worldwide health crisis and economic downturn. Any future outbreak of health epidemics may restrict the level of business activity in affected areas, which may, in turn, adversely affect our business. See “ _Risk Factors_ - _The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is uncertain and still evolving, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations_ ” on page 33. 

Our operations including our manufacturing facilities and research and development activities may be damaged or disrupted as a result of natural calamities. Such events may lead to the disruption of information systems and telecommunication services for sustained periods. They also may make it difficult or impossible for employees to reach our business locations. Damage or destruction that interrupts our provision of services could adversely affect our reputation, our relationships with our customers, our senior management team’s ability to administer and supervise our business or it may cause us to incur substantial additional expenditure to repair or replace damaged equipment or rebuild parts of our facilities. Any of the above factors may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

India has from time-to-time experienced instances of social, religious and civil unrest and hostilities between neighbouring countries. Recently there have been ongoing mass protest by farmers, against three farm acts which were passed by the Parliament of India in September 2020. The introduction of the law caused protests in several parts of the country like Delhi, Haryana and Punjab. In case there are mass protests leading to civil unrest, such incidents could impact both our operations and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Present relations between India and Pakistan continue to be fragile on the issues of terrorism, armaments and Kashmir. In April 2019, skirmishes along India’s border with Pakistan and the downing of an Indian military jet fighter plane significantly escalated tensions between the two countries. India has also experienced terrorist attacks in some parts of the country. Military activity or terrorist attacks in the future could influence the Indian economy by disrupting communications and making travel more difficult and such political tensions could create a greater perception that investments in Indian companies involve higher degrees of risk. Events of this nature in the future, as well as social and civil unrest within other countries in Asia, could influence the Indian economy and could have a material adverse effect on the market for securities of Indian companies. 

# **_65. Inflation in India could have an adverse effect on our profitability and if significant, on our financial condition._** 

In recent months, consumer and wholesale prices in India have exhibited increased inflationary trends, as the result of an increase in crude oil prices, higher international commodity prices, and higher domestic consumer and supplier prices. The Consumer Price Index increased from 3.4% (average) in Fiscal 2019 to 4.8% (average) in Fiscal 2020 to an estimated 6.2% (average) in Fiscal 2021 although the RBI has enacted certain policy measures designed to curb inflation, these policies may not be successful. In February 2022, hostilities between Russia and the Ukraine commenced.  The market price of oil has risen sharply since the commencement of these hostilities which could have an inflationary effect in India. Continued high rates of inflation may increase our expenses related to salaries or wages payable to our employees, raw materials and other expenses. There can be no assurance that we will be able to pass on any additional expenses to our customers or that our revenue will increase proportionately corresponding to such inflation. Accordingly, high rates of inflation in India could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_66. Significant differences exist between Ind-AS and other accounting principles, such as U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which may be material to the financial statements prepared and presented in accordance with Ind-AS contained in this Red Herring Prospectus._** 

Our Restated Financial Statements as of, and for the nine month period ended December 31, 2021 and the years ended, March 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 and have been prepared and presented in accordance with Ind-AS. Ind-AS differs from accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries, such as U.S. GAAP and IFRS. Significant differences exist between Ind-AS, U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which may be material to the financial statements prepared and presented in accordance with Ind-AS contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. Accordingly, the degree to which the financial information included in this Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is dependent on the prospective investor’s familiarity with Ind-AS and the Companies Act. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Ind-AS on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited. 

# **_67. The Indian tax regime is currently undergoing substantial changes which could adversely affect our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by any change in the extensive central and state tax regime in India applicable to us and our business. Tax and other levies imposed by the central and state governments in India that affect our tax liability, include central and state taxes and other levies, income tax, turnover tax, goods and service tax, stamp duty and other special taxes and surcharges, which are introduced on a temporary or permanent basis from time to time. This extensive central and state tax regime is subject to change from time to time. The final determination of our tax liability involves the interpretation of local tax laws and related regulations in each jurisdiction, as well as the 

51 

significant use of estimates and assumptions regarding the scope of future operations and results achieved and the timing and nature of income earned and expenditures incurred. 

For instance, the Government of India has implemented two major reforms in Indian tax laws, namely the GST, and provisions relating to general anti-avoidance rules (“GAAR”). The indirect tax regime in India has undergone a complete overhaul. The indirect taxes on goods and services, such as central excise duty, service tax, central sales tax, state value added tax, surcharge and excise have been replaced by Goods and Service Tax with effect from July 1, 2017. GAAR became effective from April 1, 2017. The tax consequences of the GAAR provisions being applied to an arrangement may result in, among others, a denial of tax benefit to us and our business. In the absence of any precedents on the subject, the application of these provisions is subjective. If the GAAR provisions are made applicable to us, it may have an adverse tax impact on us. Further, if the tax costs associated with certain of our transactions are greater than anticipated because of a particular tax risk materializing on account of new tax regulations and policies, it could affect our profitability from such transactions. 

Further, the Finance Act, 2020, has, amongst others things, notified changes and provided a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime, including, without limitation, a simplified alternate direct tax regime and that dividend distribution tax (“DDT”), will not be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident and are subject to tax deduction at source. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source from such dividend. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. 

# **_68. Any adverse change in India’s sovereign credit rating by international rating agencies could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

In November 2016, Standard & Poor’s, an international rating agency, reiterated its negative outlook on India’s credit rating. It identified India’s high fiscal deficit and heavy debt burden as the most significant constraints on its rating, and recommended the implementation of reforms and containment of deficits. Standard & Poor’s affirmed its outlook on India’s sovereign debt rating to “stable”, while reaffirming its “BBB-” rating. In May 2017, Fitch, another international rating agency, affirmed India’s sovereign outlook to “stable” and affirmed its rating as “BBB-”. In November 2017 Moody's Investors Service (“Moody’s”) upgraded the Sovereign Credit Rating of India to Baa2 from Baa3 and changed the outlook on the rating to stable from positive. On June 1, 2020, Moody’s downgraded India’s sovereign rating to the lowest investment grade and maintained the outlook from stable to negative. In October 2021, Moody’s affirmed India’s sovereign rating to Baa3 with a stable outlook. Prior to the onset of the pandemic, India’s GDP growth slowed on account of existing vulnerabilities such as a weak financial sector and subdued private investment. Going forward, the sovereign ratings outlook will remain dependent on whether the government is able to transition the economy into a high-growth environment, as well as exercise adequate fiscal restraint. Any adverse change in India’s credit ratings by international rating agencies may adversely impact the Indian economy and consequently our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_69. The extent and reliability of Indian infrastructure, to the extent insufficient, could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

India's physical infrastructure is less developed than that of many developed nations. Any congestion or disruption with its port, rail and road networks, electricity grid, communication systems or any other public facility could disrupt our normal business activity. Any deterioration of India's physical infrastructure would harm the national economy, disrupt the transportation of goods and supplies including our chemical products, and add costs to doing business in India. These problems could interrupt our business operations, which could have adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_70. Foreign investors are subject to foreign investment restrictions under Indian laws which limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely impact the market price of our Equity Shares._** 

Under the foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfers of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions) if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then the prior approval of the RBI will be required. Such regulatory restrictions limit our financing sources and could constrain our ability to obtain financings on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert the Indian Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India will require a no objection/tax clearance certificate from the income tax authority. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other Indian government agency can be obtained on any particular terms, or at all. For further details, please see on “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 366. 

52 

In terms of Press Note 3 of 2020, dated April 17, 2020, issued by the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (“DPIIT”), the foreign direct investment policy has been recently amended to state that all investments under the foreign direct investment route by entities of a country which shares land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country will require prior approval of the GoI. Further, in the event of a transfer of ownership of any existing or future foreign direct investment in an entity in India, directly or indirectly, resulting in the beneficial ownership falling within the aforesaid restriction/ purview, such subsequent change in the beneficial ownership will also require approval of the GoI. Furthermore, on April 22, 2020, the Ministry of Finance, GoI has also made a similar amendment to the FEMA Rules. While the term “beneficial owner” is defined under the Prevention of Money-Laundering (Maintenance of Records) Rules, 2005 and the General Financial Rules, 2017, neither the foreign direct investment policy nor the FEMA Rules provide a definition of the term “beneficial owner”. The interpretation of “beneficial owner” and enforcement of this regulatory change involves certain uncertainties, which may have an adverse effect on our ability to raise foreign capital. Further, there is uncertainty regarding the timeline within which the said approval from the GoI may be obtained, if at all. 

# **_71. It may not be possible for investors to enforce any judgment obtained outside India against us, the Book Running Lead Managers or any of their directors and executive officers in India respectively, except by way of a lawsuit in India._** 

Our Company is a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of India. Our Board of Directors comprises members all of whom are Indian citizens. All of our Key Managerial Personnel are residents of India and majority of the assets of our Company and such persons are located in India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors outside India to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in India, or to enforce against them judgments obtained in courts outside India. 

India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with only a limited number of jurisdictions, which includes, among others, the United Kingdom, Singapore, United Arab Emirates and Hong Kong. In order to be enforceable, a judgment from a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions, which do not have reciprocal recognition with India, cannot be executed in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us or our officers or directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. However, the party in whose favour such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in a non-reciprocating territory within three years of obtaining such final judgment in the same manner as any other suit filed to enforce a civil liability in India. If, and to the extent that, an Indian court were of the opinion that fairness and good faith so required, it would, under current practice, give binding effect to the final judgment that had been rendered in the nonreciprocating territory, unless such a judgment contravenes principles of public policy in India. It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis or to the same extent as was awarded in a final judgment rendered by a court in another jurisdiction if the Indian court believed that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered pursuant to the execution of such a judgment. 

# **_72. Our business and activities may be regulated by the Competition Act, 2002 and proceedings may be enforced against us._** 

The Competition Act seeks to prevent business practices that have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India. Under the Competition Act, any arrangement, understanding or action in concert between enterprises, whether formal or informal, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India is void and attracts substantial monetary penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or provision of services, shares the market or source of production or provision of services in any manner by way of allocation of geographical area, type of goods or services or number of consumers in the relevant market or in any other similar way or directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition. 

The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. If it is proved that the contravention committed by a company took place with the consent or connivance or is attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other officer of such company, that person shall be also guilty of the contravention and may be punished. On March 4, 2011, the GoI notified and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011.These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to, and pre-approved by, the Competition Commission of India, or CCI. Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued the Competition Commission of India (Procedure in regard to the transaction of business relating to combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. 

53 

The Competition Act aims to, among other things, prohibit all agreements and transactions, including agreements between vertical trading partners i.e., entities at different stages or levels of the production chain in different markets, which may have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. We may also be subject to queries from the CCI pursuant to complaints by consumers or any third persons, which could be made without any or adequate basis given our market presence. Further, the CCI has extraterritorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside of India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. However, the effect of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements entered into by us cannot be predicted with certainty at this stage. 

# **_Risks Relating to the Equity Shares_** 

**_73. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the Offer Price may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book-building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 

- the failure of security analysts to cover the Equity Shares after this Offer, or changes in the estimates of our performance by analysts; 

- the activities of competitors and suppliers; 

- future sales of the Equity Shares by our Company or our shareholders; 

- investor perception of us and the industry in which we operate; 

- our quarterly or annual earnings or those of our competitors; 

- developments affecting fiscal, industrial or environmental regulations; 

- the public’s reaction to our press releases and adverse media reports; and 

- general economic conditions. 

As a result of these factors, investors may not be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the initial public offering price. In addition, the stock market often experiences price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of a particular company. These broad market fluctuations and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of the Equity Shares, regardless of our Company’s performance. There can be no assurance that the investor will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

# **_74. Currency exchange rate fluctuations may affect the value of the Equity Shares._** 

The exchange rate between the Rupee and other foreign currencies, including the U.S. Dollar, the British pound sterling, the Euro, the Hong Kong Dollar, the Singapore Dollar and the Japanese Yen, has changed substantially in recent years and may fluctuate substantially in the future. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the foreign currencies with which an investor may have purchased Rupees may affect the value of the investment in the Company’s Equity Shares. Specifically, if there is a change in relative value of the Rupee to a foreign currency, each of the following values will also be affected: 

- the foreign currency equivalent of the Rupee trading price of the Company’s Equity Shares in India; 

- the foreign currency equivalent of the proceeds that you would receive upon the sale in India of any of the 

- Company’s Equity Shares; and 

- the foreign currency equivalent of cash dividends, if any, on the Company’s Equity Shares, which will be paid 

- only in Rupees. 

You may be unable to convert Rupee proceeds into a foreign currency of your choice, or the rate at which any such conversion could occur could fluctuate. In addition, the Company’s market valuation could be seriously harmed by a devaluation of the Rupee if investors in jurisdictions outside India analyse its value based on the relevant foreign currency equivalent of the Company’s results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_75. We cannot assure payment of dividends on the Equity Shares in the future._** 

Our Company has a formal dividend policy as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. Our Company, however, has not declared dividends on our Equity Shares during the current Fiscal Year and the last three Fiscal Years. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon our dividend policy, future results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, 

54 

working capital requirements and capital expenditure requirements and other factors considered relevant by our directors and shareholders. Our ability to pay dividends may also be restricted under certain financing arrangements that we may enter into. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends on the Equity Shares at any point in the future. For details pertaining to dividend declared by us in the past, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 218. 

**_76. The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and the Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer. Further, the current market price of some securities listed pursuant to certain previous issues managed by the Book Running Lead Managers is below their respective issue prices._** 

The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions, and will be determined by our Company and the Promoter Selling Shareholder in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers. Furthermore, the Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company and the Promoter Selling Shareholder in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers through the Book Building Process. These will be based on numerous factors, including factors as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” beginning on page 106 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. 

In addition to the above, the current market price of securities listed pursuant to certain previous initial public offerings managed by the Book Running Lead Managers is below their respective issue price. For further details, see “ _Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Price information of past issues handled by the BRLMs_ ” commencing on page 335. The factors that could affect the market price of the Equity Shares include, among others, broad market trends, financial performance and results of our Company post-listing, and other factors beyond our control. We cannot assure you that an active market will develop or sustained trading will take place in the Equity Shares or provide any assurance regarding the price at which the Equity Shares will be traded after listing. 

# **_77. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of income arising on the sale of and dividend on the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares held as investments in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Any capital gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares on a Stock Exchange held for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to long term capital gains in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as whether the sale is undertaken on or off the Stock Exchanges, the quantum of gains and any available treaty relief. Accordingly, we may be subject to payment of long term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of Securities Transaction Tax (“STT”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. 

Further, any capital gains realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will not be chargeable to tax in India in cases where relief from such taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident and the seller is entitled to avail benefits thereunder, subject to certain conditions. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

Similarly, any business income realized from the transfer of Equity Shares held as trading assets is taxable at the applicable tax rates subject to any treaty relief, if applicable, to a non-resident seller. Additionally, in terms of the Finance Act, 2018, which has been notified on March 29, 2018 with effect from April 1, 2018, the tax payable by an assessee on the capital gains arising from transfer of long term capital asset (introduced as section 112A of the Income-Tax Act, 1961) shall be calculated on such long-term capital gains at the rate of 10%, where the long-term capital gains exceed ₹100,000, subject to certain exceptions in case of a resident individuals and HUF. 

Further, the Finance Act, 2019 has made various amendments in the taxation laws and has also clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non -delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. These amendments have come into effect from July 1, 2020. 

Additionally, the Finance Act does not require DDT to be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source pursuant to any corporate action including dividends. 

55 

Further, the Government of India has announced the union budget for the Fiscal 2022, pursuant to which the Finance Bill, 2021 (“Finance Bill”) has introduced various amendments. The Finance Bill has received assent from the President of India on March 28, 2021, and has been enacted as the Finance Act, 2021 (“Finance Act”). We have not fully determined the impact of these recent and proposed laws and regulations on our business. We cannot predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Act could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and prospects. Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. 

**_78. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after Bid/Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed including Allotment pursuant to the Offer within six Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date, or such other time period as required under the applicable laws, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

# **_79. Holders of Equity Shares could be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and could thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer holders of its Equity Shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of Equity Shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the Equity Shares who have voted on such resolution. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction that holders are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without us filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the holders will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. The Company may elect not to file a registration statement in relation to preemptive rights otherwise available by Indian law to the holders. To the extent that the holders are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares, they may suffer future dilution of your ownership position and their proportional interests in our Company would be diluted. 

**_80. Any future issuance of Equity Shares or convertible securities or other equity linked securities by our Company may dilute holders’ shareholding and sales of the Equity Shares by our major shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in us. Any disposal of Equity Shares by our major shareholders or the perception that such issuance or sales may occur, including to comply with the minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of the Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. Additionally, the disposal, pledge or encumbrance of the Equity Shares by any of our significant Shareholders, or the perception that such transactions may occur, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that the shareholders will not dispose of the Equity Shares. Such securities may also be issued at prices below the Offer Price. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of your investment in the Equity Shares. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of the Equity Shares. 

**_81. A third party could be prevented from acquiring control of our Company because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian law._** 

There are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company, even if a change in control would result in the purchase of your Equity Shares at a premium to the market price or would otherwise be beneficial to you. Such provisions may discourage or prevent certain types of transactions involving actual or threatened change in control of our Company. Under the Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in 

56 

concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to its stakeholders, it is possible that such a takeover would not be attempted. 

# **_82. Rights of shareholders of companies under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Our Articles of Association, composition of our Board, Indian laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive and widespread as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. 

# **_83. The requirements of being a listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a listed company and have historically not been subjected to the compliance requirements and increased scrutiny of our affairs by Shareholders, regulators and the public at large associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the SEBI Listing Regulations which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations or cash flows as promptly as other listed companies. 

Further, as a listed company, we will be required to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

# **_84. Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Offer._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entry, or demat accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to be completed within the period as may be prescribed under applicable law. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

57 

