# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares._ 

_To obtain a more detailed understanding of our business and operations, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Financial Information”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”, “Key Regulations and Policies in India” and “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments” on pages 160, 225, 297, 177 and 331, respectively, of this Red Herring Prospectus, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_We have described the risks and uncertainties that we believe are material, but these risks and uncertainties may not be the only risks relevant to us, the Equity Shares, or the industry in which we currently operate. In addition, the risks provided in this section may not be exhaustive and additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If any of the following risks (or a combination of them), or other risks that are not currently known or are now deemed immaterial, actually occur, our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could suffer, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and the terms of the Offer, including the merits and risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about particular consequences of investing in the Offer._ 

_Our Company had filed a draft red herring prospectus dated September 24, 2018 with SEBI and Stock Exchanges (“_ **_Erstwhile Offer Document_** _”). However, the same was subsequently withdrawn pursuant to the resolution passed by the IPO Committee dated December 26, 2018 owing to prevailing capital market conditions. Bidders are advised not to place any reliance on the Erstwhile Offer Document and refer to this Draft Red Herring Prospectus in relation to the Offer and details with respect to our Company._ 

_Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that we are incorporated under the laws of India and are subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries. This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For details, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 18 of this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_Our Company’s Fiscal commences on April 1 and ends on March 31 of the immediately subsequent year, and references to a particular Fiscal are to the 12 months ended March 31 of that year. Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, references in this section to “we”, “our” or “us” are to the Anand Rathi Wealth Management Group._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the report titled “Industry Research Report on Wealth Management” prepared and issued by the CARE Advisory Research, commissioned by and paid for by us. The CARE Advisory Research is available on the website of our Company at https://rathi.com/Wealth/Investorrelations.php. Also see, “Certain Conventions, Presentation of Financial, Industry and Market Data – Industry and Market Data” on page 16._ 

_Unless specified in the relevant risk factor below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial implication of any of the risks mentioned below. The financial information in this section is derived from our Restated Financial Information unless otherwise stated._ 

# **<u>Internal Risk Factors</u>** 

**_1. The continuing effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted._** 

26 

The COVID-19 pandemic and the preventative or protective actions that governments around the world have taken to counter the effects of the pandemic have resulted in an extended period of business disruption and a decrease in economic activity in several countries, including in India. In order to contain the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Government of India along with State Governments declared a lockdown of the country in March 2020, including severe travel and transport restriction and a directive to all citizens to shelter in place. The lockdown has since been extended several times with gradual relaxations of the restrictions conducted through phases. As a result, the current COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected workforces, consumer sentiment, economies and financial markets around the world and has led to uncertainty in the global economy and significant volatility in global financial markets. 

There remains significant uncertainty regarding the duration and long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as possible future responses by the Government, which makes it impossible for us to predict with certainty the impact that COVID-19 will have on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows in the future. Further, one or more states have imposed or may impose additional regional or local lockdowns. 

Following the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, our revenue from operations decreased from ₹ 3,318.27 million for Fiscal 2020 to ₹ 2,653.30 million for Fiscal 2021, representing a 20.04% decrease, and our profit before tax for the year decreased from ₹ 869.61 million to ₹ 635.84 million and our profit after tax decreased from ₹ 616.14 million to ₹ 450.95 million during the same period, representing decrease of 26.88% and 26.81% in our profit before tax and profit after tax respectively. Such decline in our revenue from operations and profits was primarily due to the adverse effect of the COVID-19 pandemic, extended period of business disruptions, stock market volatility and decrease in investor’s sentiments for new investment in the initial phase of the COVID-19 pandemic. The nature of our business requires personal meetings and face-to-face discussions with clients, which could not take place effectively during the initial phase of the pandemic. However, our robust and readily available technological solutions enabled our customers and employees to continue to function and interact seamlessly despite the unprecedented complex environment created by the COVID-19 pandemic, which we believe, has given us a competitive advantage during this period. For five-months period ended August 31, 2021; our overall revenue from operations was ₹ 1,669.26 million, profit before tax was ₹ 683.41 million and profit after tax was ₹ 510.88 million. 

The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency impacts our business, operations and financial results will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including the scope, severity, and duration of the pandemic; actions taken by governments, businesses and individuals in response to the pandemic; the effect on willingness of investors to make investments in asset classes; disruptions or restrictions on our employees’ ability to work and travel; volatility in financial markets and any extended period of remote work arrangements. 

Any intensification of the COVID-19 pandemic or any future outbreak of another highly infectious or contagious disease may materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Further, as much as COVID-19 adversely affects our business and results of operations, it may also have the effect of exacerbating many of the other risks described in this “ _Risk Factors_ ” section. For the purpose of the current impact of COVID-19 pandemic, see also “ _Management’s Discussions and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Developments in relation to the COVID-19 pandemic_ ” on page 300. 

**_2. Our revenues from distribution and sale of financial products are dependent on our sustained ability to increase our AuM as well as on the performance of the funds that we distribute. Any changes in the total expense ratio due to regulatory changes may reduce our distribution commission income which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operation._** 

We earn distribution commission income from asset management companies for our mutual fund distribution business. We also generate a part of our operating income through purchase and sale of financial products to our clients. The mutual fund products distributed, and financial products sold, to our clients constitute a significant part of our AuM and revenue. Our AuM comprises mutual fund schemes and other financial products such as bonds, market linked debentures other securities held by clients in their own demat accounts. Further, we do not include demat holdings of the clients in the AUM unless the client has also used the distribution service of our Company or have bought market linked debentures 

27 

through us. The details of break-up of our AuM are given in section “ _Our Business_ ” on page 161. If the asset management companies reduce the total expense ratio due to regulatory changes, then they may reduce our distribution commission income which would impact our revenues and results of operations. In September 18, 2018, SEBI announced changes in the total expense ratio (TER) of mutual funds to bring in transparency in appropriation of expenses, and reducing mis-selling and churning, whereby all commission and expenses, etc. shall necessarily be paid from the scheme only and not from the AMC/Associate/Sponsor/Trustee, or any other route. Further, SEBI said that the mutual fund industry must adopt the full trail model of commission in all schemes without payment of any upfront commission or upfronting of any trail commission. As mentioned in section “ _Our Business_ ” on page 172, from FY 2018 to FY 2020, the mutual fund distribution income has decreased in the industry due to the aforesaid changes in the TER. While the consolidated AUM of our Company has increased from ₹183.93 billion as at March 31, 2019 to ₹266.70 billion as at March 31, 2021 and to ₹302.09 billion as at August 31, 2021, as a consequence of change in TER, there has been a decline in our revenue from mutual fund distribution income from ₹1,040.00 million in FY 2019 to ₹ 902.34 million in FY 2021. For further details, please see “ _Our Business_ ” on page 172. 

The willingness of investors to make investments in asset classes is contingent on its ability to generate returns, in line with or in excess of client expectations. Market conditions, economic volatility or changing financial environment may render the asset classes or products we offer less attractive to investors. Any inability on our part to distribute or offer appropriate financial products to clients or if such products underperform either according to their relevant benchmarks, or similar investment products provided by our competitors, for various reasons including general market conditions, investment decisions taken by the fund manager, inability to identify appropriate investment opportunities and the performance of the companies in which the funds are invested in, may lead to a failure to meet the clients return expectations on their investments. Underperformance by the financial products distributed or sold by us may result in a withdrawal of clients and restrict our ability to attract new clientele, further leading to potential reduction in AuM. While the performance of the funds distributed by us is outside our control, it is an important factor for us to sustain the growth of our AuM. The performance of these funds depends, primarily, on the general market conditions, investment performance made by the respective fund managers and existing competition in the market. If we are unable to sustain the increase in our AuM or the funds that we distribute underperform, clients may seek distributors or directly invest in financial products themselves, which in turn could result in reduced revenue from distribution and sale of financial products and, thus, could adversely impact our revenues and results of operations. 

**_3. Anand Rathi Commodities Limited (“ARCL”), one of our promoter group entity and its Directors, on account of being a commodity broker with NSEL, are involved in a proceedings involved with SEBI and Economic Offence Wing of Mumbai Police (“EOW”). Also, proceedings under relevant section of IPC and MPID Act are pending against ARCL and one of its ex-Director who is also a Director in our Company. Any adverse outcome in the aforesaid proceedings would have an adverse effect on the brand and reputation of the Anand Rathi Group, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

By way of a notification dated June 5, 2007 (“ **Exemption Notification** ”), the Central Government exempted NSEL from complying with certain requirements of the FCRA in relation to all one day forward contracts, subject to certain conditions, including, amongst other things, no short selling by the members of the exchange and that all outstanding positions of the trade at the end of the day shall result in delivery. On April 27, 2012, the Ministry of Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution (Department of Consumer Affairs) (“ **MCA** ”) issued a show cause to NSEL to explain as to why action should not be initiated against it for violation of the conditions of the Exemption Notification. After considering NSEL’s response and other communications, MCA vide its letter dated July 12, 2013 directed NSEL to submit undertaking to the fact that (i) no further/fresh contracts shall be launched by NSEL until further instructions from the concerned authority; and (ii) all the existing contracts will be settled on the due dates. NSEL on July 31, 2013 issued a circular stating that there had been “loss of trading interest in the market due to underlying uncertainties, which led to trade in-equilibrium”. Further, NSEL vide the aforesaid circular suspended trading in all one day forward contracts (except e-series contracts) until further notice and merged the delivery and settlement of all such contracts and deferred settlement by 15 days. On August 14, 2013, NSEL issued a circular setting out details in respect of the revised schedule for settlement of outstanding dues payable to the members (including ARCL) however, failed to honour the revised settlement schedule resulting in default amounting to ₹5600 crores. 

28 

On complaint made by an investor regarding the aforesaid payment default, the Economic Offence Wing of Mumbai Police (“ **EOW** ”) registered a FIR bearing no. 89/2013 dated September 30, 2013 against NSEL, its officials, certain defaulting counter parties/defaulting borrowers and brokers. Pursuant to investigation, EOW filed charge sheet/s against NSEL, its officials, defaulting borrowers and brokers including ARCL and Mr. Amit Rathi (erstwhile director of ARCL) before the Sessions Judge, Special Court under ‘The Maharashtra Protection of Interest of Depositors (In Financial Establishments) Act, 1999’ (“ **MPID Act** ”) for offence under Section 120-B read with Sections 409, 420, 465, 467, 468, 471, 474, 477-A of the IPC and section 3 of MPID Act. By way of an order dated March 4, 2019, the Sessions Judge, Special Court under MPID Act issued process/summons to Mr. Amit Rathi and ARCL for attendance and to answer to a charge of commission of offense mentioned in the charge sheet. Mr. Amit Rathi and ARCL have challenged the aforesaid order dated March 4, 2019 in criminal writ petition bearing no. 555/2020 dated January 27, 2020, before the Bombay High Court. The aforesaid criminal writ petition is pending. 

EOW pending investigation in the aforesaid matter, forwarded its interim report dated April 4, 2015 to the FMC, particularly with respect to the role played by commodity brokers, in terms of which, while the EOW was taking cognisance of the criminal aspects of the matter, intervention of FMC was sought in relation to potential violations of codes of conduct or licensing terms. Subsequently, on October 28, 2016, in purported exercise of powers under Regulation 24 of the Intermediaries Regulations read with Section 19 of the SEBI Act, SEBI issued a Notice dated 28th October 2016 (“ **Notice** ”) to ARCL calling upon to show cause as to why appropriate recommendation should not be made against ARCL in terms of Regulation 27 of the SEBI Intermediaries Regulations, 2008, read with Section 12(3) of the SEBI Act, 1992, in relation to the application of the ARCL for registration as commodities derivatives broker. ARCL responded to the allegations set out in the Notice on January 6, 2017. Subsequently, on April 24, 2017, a show cause notice was issued by SEBI under Regulation 28(1) read with Regulation 7(2) of the SEBI (Intermediaries) Regulation (“ **2017 SCN** ”), based on an enquiry report dated April 11, 2017 submitted by a bench of designated authorities, which recommended rejection of an application submitted by ARCL for registration as a commodity derivative broker, and initiation of prosecution proceedings under the FCRA. Pursuant to personal hearings and submission of detailed written submissions, SEBI on December 27, 2018 issued another show cause notice (“ **2018 SCN** ”) informing that “reference to regulation 7(2) of SEBI (Intermediaries) Regulations, 2008 in the body of said notice shall be read as regulation 5(e) read with Regulation 7(1) of Brokers Regulations” and called upon ARCL to show cause as to why the information brought on record by the report filed by SFIO should not be considered while deciding the application for registration. Pursuant to personal hearings, the Hon’ble whole time member, SEBI, vide order dated February 25, 2019 (“ **2019 Order** ”), declared that ARCL is not a fit and proper person to hold, directly or indirectly, the certificate of registration as commodity derivatives broker, and accordingly, rejected the application dated December 16, 2015, filed by ARCL for registration as commodity derivatives broker. The 2019 Order does not hold that any of the allegations and/or the recommendations contained in the recommendation report of the Designated Authority as proved and simply concluded that ARCL is guilty, by association, only on account of them being members of the said NSEL. ARCL has challenged 2019 Order before Securities Appellate Tribunal, Mumbai (“ **SAT** ”). NSEL has also filed an Appeal no. 566 of 2019 to challenge the said order of SEBI. 

Also, a Gurgaon based company having traded at NSEL platform through ARCL has initiated proceedings under section 9 of IBC, 2019 before National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai against ARCL for alleged non-payment of the operational debt amounting to ₹ 28.81 million pertaining to its unsettled trades at NSEL platform. The aforesaid petition has not been admitted till date. 

An adverse outcome in relation to the criminal proceedings against ARCL and one of its ex-director Mr. Amit Rathi, who is also the Director of our Company, could result in, amongst other things, conviction of our Director and the imposition of monetary penalty on ARCL, who is also a part of our Promoter Group. Further any adverse finding in the aforesaid criminal proceeding and appeal pending before SAT and against 2019 Order and the NCLT proceedings, could have an adverse effect on the brand and reputation of the Anand Rathi Group, which could have an impact on the ability to conduct our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further details, please refer to “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 331 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_4. Non-compliance with regulatory guidelines and directions/ observations during inspection by regulatory organisations may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operation._** 

29 

We are subject to regular scrutiny and supervision by various regulators, statutory bodies and selfregulatory organisations such as SEBI and AMFI. The requirements imposed by these regulators are designed to ensure the integrity of the financial markets and to protect investors’ interests. Any noncompliance with regulatory guidelines and directions in future may result in regulatory actions, which includes issuance of administrative/warnings/deficiency letters, fines or sanctions imposed by these regulators and, in certain circumstances, could lead to revocation of certain of our licenses. While we attempt to comply with all regulatory provisions applicable to us, in the event we are not able to comply with the observations made by these regulators, we could be subject to supervisory actions, which may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, financial condition and results of operations. For details relating to litigations, please see _“Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments”_ on page 331 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_5. We will not receive any proceeds from the Offer._** 

This Offer includes an Offer for Sale up to 12,000,000 Equity Shares aggregating up to ₹ [ • ] million by the Selling Shareholders. The entire proceeds, net of the Offer expenses borne by the Selling Shareholders, from the Offer for Sale will be paid to the Selling Shareholders and our Company will not receive any such proceeds. For details, see, “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 104 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_6. Our distribution arrangement with AMCs can be terminated without notice, or due to failure on our part to comply/ perform._** 

A significant portion _i.e._ 33.29% and 34.01% of our revenue from operations for the five-month period ended August 31, 2021 and the Financial Year ended March 31, 2021 came as mutual fund distribution from asset management companies on the basis of mutual funds distributed by us. We are empanelled with several asset management companies for whom we act as a mutual fund distributor for their mutual fund schemes. In the Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019 and as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there have been no instances where the distribution arrangement with the asset management companies have been terminated without notice or otherwise. However, we cannot assure you that our empanelment with these companies will continue, or that we will be able to renew the same upon expiry at favourable terms or at all, which may result in reduced trail income and an adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. 

Furthermore, the increase in depth of the Indian financial markets and increasing investor preference for equity investment or equity-linked products may prompt more asset management companies to commence business operations and offer mutual fund products. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain empanelment with these asset management companies, which may affect our business prospects and our results of operations. 

# **_7. Our results are also dependent on the strength and reputation of the brand ‘ANANDRATHI’, as well as the reputation of other entities forming part of the Anand Rathi Group._** 

We operate our business under the aegis of ‘ANANDRATHI’, a brand which is owned by, and is registered in the name of ARFSL and is used by multiple entities in the Anand Rathi Group. This trademark is licensed to us through a license agreement dated April 1, 2018, which was subsequently replaced by the new brand policy approved by the board of ARFSL on March 11, 2019, which will continue to have effect unless mutually terminated by ARFSL and our Company. Our business prospects and ability to attract clientele are, to a certain extent, dependent on the strength and reputation of the brand ‘ANANDRATHI’ as well as the reputation of other entities forming part of the Anand Rathi Group. Our reputation could be affected by the conduct or performance of other entities forming part of the Anand Rathi Group, over which we have no control and have rights to use the same brand as us. While we believe that our brand is well recognised, we may be vulnerable to adverse market and client perception, particularly in an industry where integrity, trust and client confidence are paramount. We are exposed to the risk of litigation, misconduct, operational failure, negative publicity (including through social media channels) or press speculation which could harm our brand and reputation. 

30 

Further, negative publicity may result in greater regulatory scrutiny of our operations and of the industry generally. As the ‘ANANDRATHI’ brand is intrinsically linked to our Company, any reputational harm to entities in the Anand Rathi Group, can materially and adversely impact our business and operations. 

**_8. We operate in a highly regulated environment, which is subject to change, and existing and new laws, regulations and government policies affecting the sectors in which we operate could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We are subject to a variety of financial services regulation in the jurisdictions where we operate, including, the SEBI Act, the SEBI (Intermediaries) Regulations, 2008, the SEBI (Investment Advisers) Regulations, 2013 or directions issued by AMFI _._ The laws and regulations governing advisory and distribution services relating to financial products have become increasingly complex and cover a wide variety of issues, including registration, disclosures, conflicts and insider trading _._ We believe that significant regulatory changes in our industry are likely to continue on a scale that exceeds the historical pace of regulatory change, which is likely to subject industry participants to additional and generally more stringent regulations. The requirements imposed by our regulators are designed to ensure the integrity of the financial markets and to protect investors and other third parties who deal with us, and are not typically designed to protect our shareholders. Consequently, these regulations often serve to limit our activities and/or increase our costs, including through investor protection and market conduct requirements. We may also be adversely affected by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules by various governmental authorities and self-regulatory organisations. 

SEBI has recently amended the SEBI (Investment Advisers) Regulations, 2013, which inter alia provides that a non-individual investment adviser shall have client level segregation at group level for investment advisory and distribution services and the same client cannot be offered both advisory and distribution services within the group of the non-individual entity. Further, the amendment provides for maintaining an arm’s length relationship between activities as investment adviser and distributor by providing advisor services through a separately identifiable department or division, with a condition that advisory clients shall not be charged for distribution services and vice versa. Though, they can provide both services under different division/separately identifiable department on arm’s length basis but shall ensure that they do not have common clients for both services. Such changes have come into force from October 1, 2020 and from even date we have discontinued our operations under the SEBI (Investment Advisers) Regulations, 2013. One of our Subsidiaries, Freedom Wealth Solutions Private Limited (“ **FWSPL** ”) had earned Rs. 14.91 million as distribution and advisory fees for the period April 1, 2020 to September 30, 2020. Post discontinuation of operations under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Investment Advisers) Regulations, 2013, FWSPL has not earned any distribution and advisory fees till the filing of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

For further details, please see “ _Key Regulations and Policies in India_ ” on page 177 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_9. We are highly dependent on our management team and Relationship Managers. Any loss of such team members or the inability to attract or retain management personnel may have material adverse effect on our business performance._** 

Our business and the implementation of our strategy are dependent upon our management team, who oversee our day-to-day operations, strategy and growth of our business and also on our Relationship Managers, who are integral for our Company to manage existing client relationships as well as establish new client relationships. If one or more members of our management team are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, such persons would be difficult to replace and our business, prospects and results of operations could have a material adverse effect. 

Competition in our industry for skilled management and efficient employees is high, and we cannot assure that members of our management team or high performing Relationship Managers will not leave our Company and join our competitors, and that we will be able to find suitable replacements for them, in a timely manner or at all. This could result in an increase in our expenses, a decline in performance of our business, or damage to our reputation. In addition, we may need to increase employee compensation levels in order to retain our existing team and attract any additional personnel we may require. 

31 

Our success in expanding our business will also depend, in part, on our ability to attract, retain and motivate mid-to-senior management personnel and trained and skilled employees, to maintain a high standard of client service. The attrition rates for the employees other than the key managerial personnel have been 19.95%, 12.39% and 10.55% for the Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. We may be unable to successfully manage our personnel needs which could adversely affect our business prospects and results of operations. These risks could be heightened to the extent we invest in businesses or geographical regions in which we have limited experience. If we are not able to address these risks, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

**_10. Our Company may have been operating as a NBFC without authorization from RBI as observed by the Statutory Auditors in the Fiscal 2021 and 2020 reports. As part of the consequences for operating as an unregistered entity, our Company may be subject to penalty as determined by RBI. Further, we may be required to be registered as a NBFC in the future, but RBI may decide not to grant registration to our Company as a NBFC. This may impact the business of the Company and its subsidiaries._** 

As the principal business of our Company is wealth management, we earn profit on the sale of securities of ARGFL to clients as a part of our wealth management strategy. However, as per Press Note dated April 8, 1999 issued by RBI, a company will be treated as an NBFC if its financial assets are more than 50% of its total assets (netted off by intangible assets) and income from financial assets should be more than 50% of the gross income. Both these tests are required to be satisfied as the determinant factor for principal business of a company. This classification has led to a situation where our principal activity may be deemed to be one of financial business solely. 

Further, the value investment in equity shares of Subsidiaries at cost for the five-month period ended August 31, 2021 and Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019 is ₹ 898.32 million, ₹ 898.32 million, ₹ 898.32 million and ₹ 538.42 million, respectively. The amount deployed by the Subsidiaries in non-financial assets for the five-month period ended August 31, 2021 and Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019 is ₹ 410.13 million, ₹ 429.94 million, ₹ 559.53 million and ₹ 488.18 million, respectively.. 

We believe that our investments in our Subsidiaries are neither purchase and sale of securities nor the acquisition of marketable securities which falls within the purview of business of financial institution as defined in Section 45I (c) of the RBI Act. We further believe that our investments in business done through Subsidiaries should be excluded for this purpose as it primarily comprises of deployment in nonfinancial assets such as infrastructure, software development, technology upgradation etc., which in turn provides the physical and software platform for our Company to run our business operations smoothly. 

On account of the above requirements, we have sent a clarification letter dated June 10, 2021 to RBI requesting for guidance as to whether we may be excluded from making application to register as NBFC as we are purely and actively engaged in wealth management business and the investments in our subsidiaries are primarily for infrastructure and software which enables our wealth management business. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has received communication from RBI vide its letter dated October 22, 2021, seeking a copy of the aforesaid letter dated June 10, 2021. Our Company on November 1, 2021, has shared the copy of the aforesaid letter dated June 10, 2021 with the RBI. 

Further, in the CARO Report of Fiscal 2021, our Statutory Auditors have included the following observation: 

_“In our opinion, the Company is required to be registered under Section 45IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 considering that the Company’s Financial Assets and Financial income constitute more than 50 percent of the total assets and gross income. However, the Management is of the view that the Company is actively engaged in Wealth Management business and the investments in the subsidiaries, which are considered in the nature of financial assets are primarily for the purpose of infrastructure and software and should not be considered as Financial Assets. In the opinion of the management, the said investments in subsidiaries should not be considered as financial assets for computation of 50 percent test and thus the Company may not require to register as NBFC. The Company has also submitted request to RBI explaining this position and seeking guidance on captioned matter.”_ 

The above observation was also highlighted by the Statutory Auditors in the CARO Report of Fiscal 2020. In the event that the RBI does not agree with our interpretation or opines that we are required to seek 

32 

registration as an NBFC, we will be required to apply for registration as NBFC, which may have a material impact on account of increased compliances and consequent costs. For instance, if classified as an NBFC, we will also be required to comply with additional requirements, including for maintenance of regulatorily mandated capital limits, restrictions of access to funds, periodic inspections and reporting requirements, which in turn may adversely impact our ability to access capital or to raise funds in a timely manner, or at all. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with any requirements of being classified as an NBFC and failure to comply with registration requirements or additional compliance requirements may subject us to penalties, loss of licenses or reputational risks. We may also be required to spend substantial management time in order to comply with such requirements, which would adversely impact our current business plans and operations. 

**_11. Our Company is dependent on Anand Rathi Global Finance Limited (“ARGFL”), one of our Group Companies, for the business relating to the structured products. Any change in the regulatory environment of non-banking financial services may have an adverse impact on the business and operations of the Company._** 

ARGFL is in the business of non-banking financial services. As a part of its business activities, it issues financial products (non-convertible debentures / structured products) for our ultimate clients. As of August 31, 2021, we bought all these products from ARGFL which are then sold to certain of our clients. The percentage of revenue contributed by sale of structured products (market linked debentures) to the overall revenue of the Company for the five-month period ended August 31, 2021, Fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 are 63.21%, 59.23%, 66.10% and 52.35%, respectively. As a result, any adverse impact on the business of ARGFL due to any regulatory restrictions, may constrain our revenue stream from this business line. While we believe that such transactions are executed on an arm’s length basis, we cannot assure you that the respective regulatory authorities will concur with our views or will not seek adjustments to our income from taxation purposes. 

**_12. Certain minority shareholders of ARDWPL, one of our Subsidiaries, have filed a petition under the Companies Act, 2013, alleging, amongst other things, oppression and mismanagement against our Company, Subsidiaries and some of our Directors. Any adverse outcome in these proceedings could have an adverse impact on the Offer and our reputation._** 

Certain minority shareholders of ARDWPL (collectively, the “ **Petitioners** ”), one of the Company’s Subsidiaries, collectively holding, 428,490 equity shares of face value of ₹ 10 each of ARDWPL (7.97% of the shareholding) filed a petition (“ **Petition** ”) before the National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench (“ **NCLT Mumbai** ”), under Sections 241(1)(a) and (b), and Section 242, read with Section 244 of the Companies Act, 2013, against the Company, its Subsidiaries ( _i.e._ ARDWPL, FWSPL and FIINFRA), Mr. Anand Rathi, Mr. Amit Rathi, Mr. Rakesh Rawal and others (collectively, the “ **Respondents** ”), alleging, amongst other things, (a) oppression and mismanagement; (b) that the Respondents have acted against the interest of ARDWPL by transferring the investments held by ARDWPL in favour of our Company, wherein the Petitioners are not shareholders; (c) that the Petitioners have been kept away from the affairs of ARDWPL and (d) that the affairs of ARDWPL are being conducted as a sole proprietorship instead of a company. 

The Petitioners have sought various reliefs from the NCLT in the Petition, including, amongst other things, an exit on mutually agreeable terms, that the Respondents be directed to maintain _status quo_ in the board and shareholding of ARDWPL, that the Respondents be restrained from transferring the investments / assets of ARDWPL, FWSPL, FIINFRA and the Company, that an ad interim _ex parte_ order be passed directing SEBI to not consider the offer documents of our Company with respect to its initial public offering and to stay such offering and that a receiver be appointed to regulate the affairs of ARDWPL. Mr. Amit Rathi has filed a Miscellaneous Application under the National Company Law Tribunal Rules, 2016 challenging the maintainability of the Petition (“ **Application** ”), which has been responded to by the Petitioners, seeking dismissal of the Application. Further, Mr. Amit Rathi has also filed an affidavit dated February 6, 2021 (the “ **Reply** ”) on behalf of our Company and ARDWPL, before the NCLT Mumbai, denying the allegations in the Petition. Supriya Rathi, one of the Respondents, has also filed a miscellaneous application dated March 3, 2021, praying for dismissal of the Petition and that the NCLT refer the disputes arising from the Petition to arbitration. 

Further, SEBI filed its affidavit-in-reply dated July 20, 2021 praying that no interim relief be granted against and that it does not regulate on merits or approve an offer document such as DRHP but only 

33 

mandates true, fair and adequate disclosures by issuing a letter of observation(s) specifying changes about disclosures and accordingly, the offer document is required to be modified. 

NCLT vide order dated October 18, 2021 (“ **October 2021 Order** ”), while rejecting Petitioners’ prayer for grant of interim relief observed that “ _The rights of the shareholders qua the company in the Petition alleging the oppression and mismanagement are squarely covered under the SHA/SPA dated August 8, 2016 and hence are bound by the terms and conditions thereof. The Anand Rathi Group being the majority shareholders and in control of the management of the company have acted in the best interest of the Company due to the notification of MCA and the Petitioners have waived their rights to object to the transfers being made by acquiescence. Further, the action has been brought about with reference to the holding of meeting of EGM at a belated stage and hence there is no balance of convenience and irreparable loss cause to the Petitioner._ ” Also, vide October 2021 Order, NCLT while allowing the miscellaneous application dated March 3, 2021 directed the parties to refer the dispute to arbitration. The Petitioners have challenged the October 2021 Order in appeal before the National Company Law Appellate Tribunal, New Delhi. 

Any adverse outcome in this regard, could potentially have an adverse impact on our Offer and our reputation. For further details, please refer to “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 332 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_13. We require certain approvals and licenses in the ordinary course of business, and the failure to obtain or retain them in a timely manner may have a material adverse effect on our operations._** 

We require certain approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions for operating our business, some of which may have expired and for which we may have either made, or are in the process of making, an application for obtaining the approval for its renewal. We have filed necessary applications with various authorities such as Trademark Registry, Assistant Commissioner of Profession Tax, Employee State Insurance Corporation and Regional PF Commissioner in relation to change in name on the certificates pursuant to change in name of our Company and the same are pending for approval and our Company is yet to receive the copies of new certificate in the new name. While we have procured all material approvals for our operations, we are in the process of renewing/procuring certain approvals and licenses. If we are unable to obtain or retain any of these approvals or licenses, or renewals thereof, in a timely manner, our business may be adversely affected. Furthermore, our government approvals and licenses are subject to numerous conditions, some of which may be onerous and require us to make substantial compliance-related expenditure. If we are unable to comply or a regulator claims that we have not complied with these conditions, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. For details see " _Government and Other Approvals_ " on page 345 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_14. There are outstanding legal proceedings against our Company, our Subsidiaries, our Promoters, our Directors and our Group Companies, which if determined adversely, could affect our business and results of operations._** 

In the ordinary course of our business, our Company, our Subsidiaries, our Promoters, our Directors and our Group Companies are involved in certain legal proceedings, pending at varying levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and appellate authorities. Any such action may include claims for substantial or unspecified compensatory and punitive damages, as well as civil, regulatory or criminal proceedings against our Directors, officers or employees, and the probability and amount of liability, if any, may be significant or remain unknown for significant periods of time. In this Red Herring Prospectus, pending litigation involving our Company other than criminal proceedings, statutory or regulatory actions and taxation matters (pending actions or any actions taken in the past five years), are considered material if the monetary amount of claim by or against the entity or person in any such pending matter is in excess of ₹ 22.56 million. 

A summary of such legal proceedings, including material legal proceedings, is set out below: 

## **_Litigation against our Company_** 

||_(in _₹_million except where otherwise sta_|_ted, to the extent ascertainable)_|
|---|---|---|
|**Nature of litigation**|**Number of outstanding cases**|**Amount involved**|
|1. Criminalproceedings|Nil|N.A.|
|2. Regulatory/ statutory proceedings|2|0.84|



34 

|**Nature of litigation**|**Number of outstanding cases**|**Amount involved**|
|---|---|---|
|3. Taxation proceedings<br>- Direct<br>- Indirect|Nil|N.A.|
|4. Other matters exceeding the materiality<br>thresholds|1|N.A.|



## **_Litigation against our Directors_** 

|_(_<br>|_in_₹_million except where otherwise stat_<br>|_ed, to the extent ascertainable)_<br>|
|---|---|---|
|**Nature of litigation**|**Number of outstanding cases**|**Amount involved**|
|1. Criminal proceedings|7|107.87|
|2. Regulatory/ statutory proceedings|Nil<sup>@</sup>|N.A.<sup>@</sup>|
|3. Taxation proceedings<br>- Direct<br>- Indirect|1|3.63|
|4. Other matters exceeding the materiality<br>thresholds|3|73.15|



_@ This does not include the matter initiated by SEBI in 2001 against, inter alia, Mr. Anand Rathi, one of our Promoters and Directors. For details, see “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Orders passed by SEBI against the Group Companies – Mr. Anand Rathi, Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited” on page 340 of this Red Herring Prospectus”._ 

## **_Litigation against our Subsidiaries_** 

||_(in_₹_million except where otherwise stat_<br>|_ed, to the extent ascertainable)_<br>|
|---|---|---|
|**Nature of litigation**|**Number of outstanding cases**|**Amount involved**|
|1. Criminalproceedings|Nil|N.A.|
|2. Regulatory/ statutory proceedings|Nil|N.A.|
|3. Taxation proceedings<br>- Direct<br>- Indirect|1|4.62|
|4. Other matters exceeding the materiality<br>thresholds|1|N.A.|



## **_Litigation against our Promoters_** 

||_(in _₹_million except where otherwise stat_<br>|_ed, to the extent ascertainable)_<br>|
|---|---|---|
|**Nature of litigation**|**Number of outstanding cases**|**Amount involved**|
|1. Criminal proceedings|6|107.87|
|2. Regulatory/ statutory proceedings|Nil<sup>@ (1)</sup>|N.A.<sup>@ (1)</sup>|
|3. Taxation proceedings<br>- Direct<br>- Indirect|1|3.63|
|4. Other matters exceeding the materiality<br>thresholds|5|107.50|



_@ This does not include the matter initiated by SEBI in 2001 against, inter alia, Mr. Anand Rathi, one of our Promoters and Directors. For details, see “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Orders passed by SEBI against the Group Companies – Mr. Anand Rathi, Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited” on page 340 of this Red Herring Prospectus”._ 

_(1) This does not include 4 matters involving imposition of penalty of ₹0.60 million on ARFSL. (formerly Anand Rathi Securities Private Limited whose name got changed to Anand Rathi Securities Limited and thereafter Anand Rathi Financial Services Limited. The BSE Broking Business of ARFSL stands transferred to and vested in ARSSBL as per the Scheme of Arrangement sanctioned by the Bombay High Court in Company Petition No. 420/2009, 421/2009 and 422/2009). For details, see “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Orders passed by SEBI against the Group Companies – ARSSBL and ARFSL – Paragraph (ix)” on page 343 of this Red Herring Prospectus”_ 

**_Litigation against our Group Companies which has a material impact on our Company_** 

||_(in_₹_million except where otherwise stat_<br>|_ed, to the extent ascertainable)_<br>|
|---|---|---|
|**Nature of litigation **|**Number of outstanding cases**|**Amount involved**|
|1. Criminal proceedings|5|107.87|
|2. Regulatory/ statutory proceedings|1^|82.92^|
|3. Taxation proceedings<br>- Direct<br>- Indirect|Nil|N.A.|
|4. Other matters exceeding the materiality<br>thresholds|1|34.35|



35 

_^ This does not include the 12 orders passed by SEBI involving imposition of penalties of approximately ₹2.4 million on ARAL and ARSSBL (including 4 matters having penalty of ₹0.60 million imposed on ARFSL and whose BSE Broking Business stands transferred to and vested in ARSSBL as per the Scheme of Arrangement sanctioned by the Bombay High Court in Company Petition No. 420/2009, 421/2009 and 422/2009), our Group Companies._ 

Given the uncertainties and complexity of many of these regulatory or legal proceedings, their outcome generally cannot be predicted with any reasonable degree of certainty. 

We cannot assure you that any of the outstanding legal proceedings will be settled in our favour, or that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. We may incur significant expenses and management time in such legal proceedings and may have to make provisions in our financial statements, which could increase our expenses and liabilities. An adverse outcome in any of these proceedings could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

Moreover, even claims are withdrawn, or if we ultimately prevail in a relevant litigation, regulatory action or investigation, we could suffer significant harm to our reputation, which could materially affect our prospects and future growth, including our ability to attract new contracts, retain current contracts and recruit and retain employees and agents. 

For details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 331 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Given the uncertainties and complexity of many of these regulatory or legal proceedings, their outcome generally cannot be predicted with any reasonable degree of certainty. 

We cannot assure you that any of the outstanding legal proceedings will be settled in our favour, or that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. We may incur significant expenses and management time in such legal proceedings and may have to make provisions in our financial statements, which could increase our expenses and liabilities. An adverse outcome in any of these proceedings could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

Moreover, even claims are withdrawn, or if we ultimately prevail in a relevant litigation, regulatory action or investigation, we could suffer significant harm to our reputation, which could materially affect our prospects and future growth, including our ability to attract new contracts, retain current contracts and recruit and retain employees and agents. 

For details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 331 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_15. NSE has imposed a penalty on Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited (“ARSSBL”), one of our Group Companies. Any adverse finding in this proceeding may have an adverse effect on the brand and reputation of ARSSBL_** 

NSE, by way of its order dated April 9, 2021 (“ **April 9 Order** ”), imposed a penalty amounting to Rs. 82.92 million on Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited (“ **ARSSBL** ”), one of our Group Companies, in terms of NSE Circular No. NSE/INVG/39647 dated December 13, 2018, Circular No. NSE/INVG/2019/40175 dated February 7, 2019 and Circular No. NSE/INVG/2020/43435 dated February 4, 2020. NSE purportedly observed certain non-genuine trades in the F&O segment, declaring that ARSSBL is the trading member common on both sides of the reversal trades executed in a synchronized manner, and that the transactions involved were executed with the same companies (namely, Anand Rathi Global Finance Limited, one of our Group Companies, and our Company) under common management. ARSSBL has appealed the April 9 Order before the Securities Appellate Tribunal, Mumbai (“ **SAT** ”). The matter is currently pending. However, in compliance with the interim order dated May 20, 2021, passed by the SAT, ARSSBL deposited the penalty amount of ₹ 82.92 million with NSE on May 27, 2021, subject to the result of the appeal. 

Any adverse finding in this proceeding may have an adverse effect on the brand and reputation of ARSSBL. For further details, please refer to “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ – _Any pending litigation involving the Group Companies which has a material impact on our Company_ ” on page 339 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

36 

**_16. We have entered into related party transactions. We will continue to enter into such transactions and there can be no assurance that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions not been entered into with related parties._** 

We have entered into transactions with several related parties which were conducted in compliance with applicable laws. As on August 31, 2021, and for Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, the aggregate revenue from related parties was ₹ 14.46 million, ₹ 51.00 million, ₹ 37.76 million and ₹ 192.71 million, respectively, which was 0.86%, 1.83%, 1.12% and 6.78% of the total revenue of our Company for the respective period. Further, loans given to related parties are repayable on demand and have no tenure. The Company (on a consolidated basis) has surplus funds for short term which are utilized for extending inter-corporate deposits to the related parties on an arms-length basis in accordance with applicable law. It is likely that we will enter into related party transactions in the future and there can be no assurance that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, if any relevant regulatory authority disagrees with our views of such related party transactions, we may be required to expend senior management time to defend our positions on such matters and may have to face additional pay-outs and penalties. For more information regarding our related party transactions and for litigation involving relevant entities, see “ _Other Financial Information – Related Party Transactions_ ” and “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on pages 295 and 331, respectively, of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

For the corporate structure, please see “ _Our Business_ ” on page 162. 

**_17. Competition from existing and new market participants in our industry may affect our market share, or results of operations._** 

We face competition from the wealth management arms of several market participants, including established Indian and foreign banks, as well as private banks and dedicated wealth management companies. We also compete with a large number of independent financial advisors as a consequence of the fragmented wealth management market in India. As a result, we may face difficulty in attracting and retaining clients and their funds. Further, our competition consists of large, integrated banks with wide geographical reach which offer a variety of financial services and enables them to leverage their existing platforms and services to cross-sell their wealth management services. Further, with the rise in the use of technology, we may face competition from new entrants in the industry who may leverage technology to provide products and services similar to us or which our clients prefer over services provided by us. This increased competition may result in our inability to grow or maintain our market share. It may also result in reduced AuM, which may adversely affect our results of operations. 

**_18. Security breaches of clients’ confidential information that we store may harm our reputation and expose us to liability._** 

We store clients’ bank information, credit information and other sensitive data. While we have measures and systems in place to protect clients’ confidential data, any accidental or wilful security breach or other unauthorised access could cause the theft and criminal use of this data. Security breach or unauthorised access to confidential information could also expose us to liability related to the loss of the information, time-consuming and expensive litigation and negative publicity. In the past three Fiscals and as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have not had any instances of security breaches. If security measures are breached because of third party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, or if design flaws in our software are exposed and exploited, and, as a result, a third party obtains unauthorised access to client data, our relationships with clients will be severely damaged, and we could incur significant liability and reputational damage. Further, we engage with certain third party service providers, and although our contracts with them restrict the usage of client data and impose protective precautions, there can be no assurance that they will abide by such contractual terms or that the contracts will be found to be in compliance with data protection laws. 

Because techniques used to obtain unauthorised access or to sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognised until they are launched against a target, we and our third party hosting facilities may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. In addition, we may be required under applicable regulations to notify individuals of data security breaches involving their personal data. These mandatory disclosures regarding a security breach are 

37 

costly to implement and often lead to widespread negative publicity, which may cause clients to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our data security measures. 

Information Technology Act, 2000 (“ **IT Act** ”), as amended, read with rules and regulations thereunder requires us to maintain confidentiality of sensitive personal data or information. The IT Act also imposes stringent punishment, including imprisonment in case a person (including an intermediary), while providing services as per a contract, accesses, reveals or discloses personal information about another individual in violation of the contract or without consent of such other individual, knowing that the same will cause wrongful loss or wrongful gain. India has also implemented privacy laws, including the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011, which impose limitations and restrictions on the collection, use and disclosure of personal information. It also mandates body corporates to adopt a privacy policy, to obtain consent from data subjects for collecting or transferring their sensitive personal data or information and intimate them about recipients of such collected data, as a mechanism of establishing a robust security standard. Further, the Information Technology (Intermediary Guidelines and Digital Media Ethics Code) Rules, 2021 require body corporates and intermediaries (respectively) to implement appropriate security control measures that are commensurate with the information assets being protected. 

In September 2019, the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology of the GOI formed a committee of experts (“ **NPD Committee** ”) to recommend a regulatory regime to govern non-personal data (“NPD”). The NPD Committee has released two reports which recommend, among other items, a framework to govern NPD (defined as any data other than personal data), access and sharing of NPD with the GoI and corporations alike who will undertake a ‘duty of care’ to the community to which the NPD pertains and a registration regime for “data businesses”, meaning businesses that collect, process or store data, both personal and non-personal. In December 2019, the Personal Data Protection Bill 2019 (“ **PDP Bill** ”) was tabled in the Indian Parliament by the Government of India and has currently been referred to a joint parliamentary committee. The PDP Bill proposes a legal framework governing the processing of personal data, where such data has been collected, disclosed, shared or otherwise processed within India, as well as any processing of personal data by the GoI, Indian companies, Indian citizens or any person or body of persons incorporated or created under Indian law. The PDP Bill defines personal data and sensitive personal data, prescribes rules for collecting, storing and processing of such data and creates rights and obligations of data-subjects and processors. The Indian Government has also been mooting a legislation governing non-personal data. If these or similar legislation are enacted, we may incur additional compliance costs, it may affect us in ways that we are currently unable to predict and our business, results of operation and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Any security breach, whether actual or perceived, would harm our reputation, and result in loss of clients, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

**_19. We may not be able to fully comply with anti-money-laundering, insider trading and anti-terrorism rules and regulations, which could result in criminal and regulatory fines and severe reputational damage._** 

Although we have implemented comprehensive anti-money laundering (“ **AML** ”), ‘‘know your customer’’ (‘‘ **KYC** ’’) and insider trading policies and procedures and seek to adhere to all requirements under Indian law, there can be no assurances that these policies and procedures will be completely effective. If, in the future, we are unable to comply with reporting requirements or other AML, KYC or insider trading regulations, or are associated with money laundering or terrorist financing, our reputation, ability to continue our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could be adversely affected. In addition, involvement in such activities may carry criminal or regulatory fines and sanctions. 

**_20. There have been instances of discrepancies in relation to certain of our corporate records and statutory filings with the RoC under applicable laws. Any proceedings that may be initiated in this regard, or any adverse outcome of such proceedings, could adversely impact our reputation, business and our results of operations._** 

There have been certain discrepancies in relation to statutory filings required to be made by us with the RoC under applicable laws, as well as certain other non-compliances incurred by us under the Companies Act, 1956 and the Companies Act, 2013. We have filed applications for compounding with the RoC, with 

38 

respect to (a) delay in appointment of Independent Directors, (b) delay in constituting the Audit Committee; and (c) delay in constituting the Nomination and Remuneration Committee. For further details in relation to these compounding applications, please refer to “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 332 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

In addition to the above, there were certain other past instances of non-compliance relating to disclosure requirements under the Companies Act, pertaining to (i) disclosure in the Board report with respect to the composition of the Audit Committee and (ii) in name of the one of the initial subscribers as Mr. Sidharth Jadhav in our Memorandum of Association and our Register of Shareholders vis-a-vis the minutes of the meeting of our Board which stated that it was Mr. Santosh Jadhav. 

During Fiscal 2016-17, our Company had undertaken two allotments on a rights basis (collectively, “ **Rights Issues** ”), consisting of 4,371,000 Equity Shares on September 19, 2016, and 2,169,834 Equity Shares on October 25, 2016, which were erroneously recorded as private placements in the records of the Company. Subsequently, on discovery of these errors, our Company suo motu resolved to rectify its records and consequently filed the revised forms on November 1, 2019, with due references to the original erroneous documentation and correctly recording these allotments as rights issues. 

Further, our Company undertook two private placements of 34,000 Equity Shares and 50,000 Equity Shares on January 9, 2017 and January 19, 2017, respectively, wherein the Company failed to open separate bank accounts for receipt of funds, as prescribed under the Companies Act. On February 7, 2020, we applied for adjudication of penalties with the RoC (“ **Adjudication Application** ”), with respect to all the above matters. The RoC passed two orders with respect to the Adjudication Application, both dated March 30, 2021, and imposed penalties of ₹0.34 million and ₹0.50 million with respect to the two private placements and noted the facts with respect to the Rights Issues. Our Company has paid the abovementioned penalties, aggregating to ₹ 0.84 million, on April 21, 2021. For further details in relation to the Adjudication Application and the orders passed by the RoC, please refer to “ _Capital Structure_ ” and “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 79 and 332, respectively, of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

With respect to the above non-compliances and any non-compliances that may occur going forward, there can be no assurance that the RoC, or any other applicable statutory/regulatory authority, will not take an adverse view and, consequently, initiate proceedings against our Company or any of our Directors. Any such proceedings, or any adverse outcome of such proceedings could adversely impact our reputation, business and our results of operations. 

# **_21. If we are unable to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to successfully manage, or accurately report, our financial risks._** 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to manage our operations, prepare reliable financial reports and effectively avoid fraud. Moreover, any internal controls that we may implement, or our level of compliance with such controls, may deteriorate over time, due to evolving business conditions. In the CARO Report of Financial Year 2019-20 and 2020-21, while considering the internal control over the financial reporting criteria established by the Company, the Statutory Auditors have observed that in light of the essential component of internal control stated in the Guidance Note, appropriate documentation needs to be strengthened to make the same commensurate with the size of the Company and nature of its business. There can be no assurance that deficiencies in our internal controls will not arise in the future, or that we will be able to implement, and continue to maintain, adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls. Any inability on our part to adequately detect, rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls may adversely impact our ability to accurately report, or successfully manage, our financial risks, and to avoid fraud. 

# **_22. Failure or disruption of our IT systems may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

We have implemented various information technology (“ **IT** ”) solutions to cover key areas of our operations and accounting. 

These systems are potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of sources, which could result in a material adverse effect on our operations. An IT malfunction could disrupt our business or lead 

39 

to disclosure of sensitive company information. Our ability to maintain our business operations depends on the proper and efficient operation and functioning of various IT systems, which are susceptible to malfunctions and interruptions (including those due to equipment damage, power outages, computer viruses and a range of other hardware, software and network problems). 

Our DWM business, uses technology to interact with clients via online/mobile based services delivered by our employees and client engagement partners. A significant or large-scale malfunction or interruption of one or more of our IT systems could adversely affect our ability to keep our operations running efficiently. In addition, it is possible that a malfunction of our data system security measures could enable unauthorised persons to access sensitive business data, including information relating to our intellectual property or business strategy or those of our clients. Such malfunction or disruptions could cause economic losses for which we could be held liable. A failure of our information technology systems could also cause damage to our reputation which could harm our business. Any of these developments, alone or in combination, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, unavailability of, or failure to retain, well trained employees capable of constantly servicing our IT systems may lead to inefficiency or disruption of IT system thereby adversely affecting our ability to operate efficiently. 

During the last three Fiscals and as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there have been no instances of failure or disruption of our IT systems. Any failure or disruption in the operation of these systems or the loss of data due to such failure or disruption (including due to human error or sabotage) may affect our ability to plan, track, record and analyse work in progress and sales, process financial information, meet business objectives based on IT initiatives, or otherwise conduct our normal business operations, which may increase our costs and otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

# **_23. We are dependent on third party public cloud provider and any disruption in the cloud provider end will have an impact on our business._** 

<mark>Our services are hosted on</mark> third party public cloud provider <mark>and such cloud services are key to our business continuity. In the event, the</mark> third party public cloud provider <mark>fail to perform their contractual or other obligations satisfactorily, we may be unable to successfully carry out our operations or our clients and partners may face difficulties in their operations or we may be required to make additional investments, which could result in reduced profits or, in some cases, losses. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation.</mark> 

# **_24. We may introduce new products for our customers and we cannot assure you that such products will be profitable in the future_** 

We introduce new products and services in our existing lines of business. We may incur costs to expand our range of products and cannot guarantee that such new products will be successful once offered. Such failure may be due to factors outside of our control, such as general economic conditions, competition, changing customer demands, or our own errors in judgment of customer demands and product features. If we fail to develop and launch these products successfully, we may lose a part or all of the costs incurred in development and promotion or discontinue these products entirely, which could in turn increase our expenses without a corresponding increase in revenue. 

# **_25. Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to protect us against all potential losses, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our operations are subject to various risks inherent in the financial sector, as well as fire, theft, data crash, hacking, robbery, earthquake, flood, acts of terrorism and other force majeure events. We maintain insurance for a small portion of our assets including with respect to our private four wheeler vehicles, fire and special perils in India through third-party insurers. We do not have any keyman insurance policy in place, and are not insured against business interruption, consequential damages, environmental damages, terrorist acts and war-related events. None of our insurance policies are assigned in favour of any thirdparty. We may not have identified every risk and further may not be insured against every risk, including operational risk that may occur and the occurrence of an event that causes losses in excess of the limits 

40 

specified in our policies, or losses arising from events or risks not covered by insurance policies or due to the same being inadequate, could materially harm our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. There can be no assurance that the insurance availed by us or risks covered under such insurance policies are adequate or any claims filed will be honoured fully or timely under our insurance policies. Also, our financial condition may be affected to the extent we suffer any loss or damage that is not covered by insurance or which exceeds our insurance coverage. In addition, we may not be able to renew certain of our insurance policies upon their expiration, either on commercially acceptable terms or at all. Further, there have been no claims in the past three Fiscals. The Company also maintains insurance policies with respect to certain four wheelers, fire and special perils. The Company has taken insurance coverage of ₹ 107.37 million for the assets shown under the head of ‘capital work in progress (office premises)’ of ₹ 690.39 million as of March 31, 2021 and ₹ 653.86 million as of March 31, 2020. Over and above this, the Company also has insurance coverage for other fixed assets of the Company through the Anand Rathi Group level insurance policy. The coverage amount under the same is ₹ 935.60 million. 

# **_26. Our Company has experienced negative cash flows in some prior periods and may do so in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Our Company has experienced negative cash flows in Fiscal 2021, the details of which are provided below: 

||_(₹ in million)_|
|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**FY 2020-2021**|
|**Operating Profit Before Working Capital Changes**|**832.11**|
|Working Capital Changes|(803.21)|
|Direct Taxes Paid (Net)|(239.03)|
|**Net cash flow from operating activities**|**(210.13)**|



For details on the cash flows for the last three Fiscals, please refer the section titled “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Liquidity and Capital Resources”_ “ and “ _Financial Information – Restated IND AS Consolidated Summary Statement of Cash Flow_ ” on pages 323 and 233, respectively of this Red Herring Prospectus. We may incur negative cash flows in the future which may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_27. Our Subsidiary has incurred losses in some prior periods and may do so in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

One of our Subsidiary has incurred losses in the Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019, based on its audited financial statements. We cannot assure you that our Subsidiaries will not incur such losses in the future. 

Set forth are the details of our Subsidiary which has incurred losses in Fiscals 2020 and 2019, based on its audited financial statements: 

||||_(₹in million)_|
|---|---|---|---|
|**_Name of the entity_**|**_Profit /_**|**_(loss) for the_**|**_Fiscal_**|
||**_2021_**|**_2020_**|**_2019_**|
|Ffreedom Intermediary Infrastructure Private Limited|2.69|(21.77)|(20.97)|



For further details, see “ _Our Subsidiaries_ ” on page 188 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_28. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our future cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and financial condition._** 

The amount of our future dividend payments, if any, will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our future earnings, cash flows, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures, applicable Indian legal restrictions and other factors. There can be no assurance that we will pay dividends. We may decide to retain all of our earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business and, therefore, may not declare dividends on our Equity Shares. Additionally, in the future, we may be restricted by the terms of our financing agreements in making dividend payments unless otherwise agreed with our lenders. Our historical payment of 

41 

dividends is not indicative of any payments of dividends in the future. We may be unable to pay dividends in the near or medium term and our future dividend policy will depend on our capital requirements, financial condition and results of operations. For details, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 224 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_29. We have undertaken and may continue to undertake strategic investments and alliances, acquisitions and mergers in the future, which may be difficult to integrate and manage. These may expose us to uncertainties and risks, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial conditions and result of operations._** 

We have pursued and may continue to pursue strategic investments and alliances in India as a mode of expanding our operations. Going forward, we may undertake acquisitions, mergers, investments and expansions to enhance our operations and technological capabilities. There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient funds to finance such strategies for growth. Further, expansion and acquisitions may require us to incur or assume new debt, expose us to future funding obligations, legal claims, past liabilities, regulatory probes or integration risks and we cannot assure you that such expansion or acquisitions will contribute to our profitability. 

Furthermore, the return on capital deployed in such acquisitions will depend on the price of the acquisitions and efficiency of integration of acquired business employees and assets. We may also face numerous risks and uncertainties combining, transferring, separating or integrating the relevant businesses and systems, including the need to align accounting and data-processing systems and management controls and to integrate relationships with clients, trading counterparties and business partners. We may not be able to realise the benefits we might anticipate from any such acquisitions, which may adversely affect our growth prospects and results of operations. Moreover, we may expend significant management attention trying to do so, but may not see results. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to consummate our expansions, acquisitions, mergers or alliances in the future on terms acceptable to us, or at all. 

Additionally, factors such as competition, culture, regulatory regimes, business practices and customs and client requirements in the markets that we may target differ from those in our current markets and our experience in our current markets may not be applicable to these new markets. In addition, as we enter new markets and geographical regions, we are likely to compete with other banks and financial institutions that already have a presence in those jurisdictions and markets. As these banks and financial institutions are more familiar with local regulations, business practices and customs, they may have developed stronger relationships with clients. Our business expansion may be exposed to various additional challenges, including obtaining the necessary governmental approvals, identifying and collaborating with local business and partners with whom we may have no previous working relationship, successfully gauging market conditions in the local markets in which we have no previous familiarity, attracting potential clients in a market in which we do not have significant experience or visibility, being susceptible to local laws, including taxation in additional geographical areas in India and overseas, and adapting our marketing strategy and operations to the different regions. Due to the aforementioned challenges, if we are unable to expand our current operations on favourable terms or at all it may adversely affect our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

In the past our Company had made acquisitions of FWSPL and FIINFRA pursuant to ARDWPL Shareholders Agreement and purchase of certain assets from Religare Wealth Management Limited pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement. For details see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters_ ” on page 182 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_30. Industry information included in this Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from an industry report commissioned for this Offer, from CARE Advisory Research and Training Limited and paid by us for such purpose. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical, financial and other industry information is either complete or accurate._** 

Certain information in the sections entitled “ _Our Business_ ” “ _Industry Overview_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on pages 160, 113 and 297 of this Red Herring Prospectus includes information that is derived from a report dated October, 2021, titled “ _Industry Research Report on Wealth Management_ ” prepared by CARE Advisory Research and Training Limited (“ **CARE Advisory** ”), being appointed by the Company on April 15, 2021. We have 

42 

commissioned and paid for this report for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with the Offer. CARE Advisory has advised that while it has taken due care and caution in preparing the report based on information obtained from sources which it considers reliable, it does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the CARE Advisory or the data therein and is not responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of CARE Advisory or the data therein. The CARE Advisory highlights certain industry and market data relating to our Company and our competitors. Such data is subject to many assumptions. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which we conduct our business, and methodologies and assumptions may vary widely among different industry sources. Further, such assumptions may change based on various factors. We cannot assure you that CARE Advisory’s assumptions are correct or will not change and accordingly our position in the market may differ from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, the CARE Advisory is not a recommendation to invest or disinvest in our Company or any company covered in the CARE Advisory. CARE Advisory has stated that it is not responsible for any loss or damage arising from the use of the CARE Advisory. Prospective investors are advised not to unduly rely on the CARE Advisory when making their investment decision. 

Such data may also be produced on different bases from those used in the industry publications we have referenced. Therefore, discussions of matters relating to India, its economy and the industries in which we currently operate are subject to the caveat that the third-party and statistical data upon which such discussions are based may be incomplete or unreliable. For details, see “ _Industry Overview_ ” on page 113 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_31. We have certain contingent liabilities, which, if they materialize, may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

The following table sets forth certain information relating to our contingent liabilities as per Ind-AS 37, as of August 31, 2021: 

||_(₹ in million)_|
|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**As of August 31, 2021**|
|Liabilities disputed - appeals filed with respect to Income Tax demand for|4.62|
|Assessment Year 2013-14 (Penalty order under sec 271(1)(c))||
|**Total**|**4.62**|



If a significant portion of these liabilities materialize, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. For details of our contingent liabilities as of August 31, 2021, as per Ind-AS 37, see “ _Financial Information - Restated Ind AS Consolidated Summary Statement of Contingent Liability_ ” on page 278. 

# **_32. Certain of our Promoters, Directors and Key Management Personnel may be interested in our Company other than remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Certain of our Directors and Key Management Personnel are interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses, to the extent of their shareholding, direct and indirect, and stock options in our Company and benefits arising therefrom. Our Promoters are also interested in our Company to the extent of their shareholding in our Company. Our Promoters and certain of our Key Management Personnel may also be deemed to be interested to the extent of their shareholding in our Group Companies on account of related party transactions entered into by our Company with such Group Companies. There can be no assurance that our Promoters and our Key Management Personnel will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. Our Directors may also be interested to the extent of any transaction entered into by our Company with any other company/firm/entity in which they are director/promoter/partner. For details, see “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group_ ”, “ _Our Management_ ”, “ _Our Group Companies_ ” and “ _Other Financial Information - Related Party Transactions_ ” on pages 211, 191, 218 and 295, respectively, of this Red Herring Prospectus 

# **_33. Some of our offices, are held by us on lease or leave and license or tenancy agreements which subject us to certain risks._** 

Some of our offices are on premises that have been leased by us from third parties through lease or leave and license or tenancy arrangements for fixed terms, typically for 36-60 months. Upon expiration of the 

43 

term of the relevant agreement for each such premise, we will be required to negotiate the terms and conditions on which the lease agreement may be renewed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to renew these agreements on commercially reasonable terms in a timely manner, or at all. Further, some of our Subsidiaries and Group Companies use our Registered Office or Corporate Office as their respective registered offices. In the event that these existing leases are terminated, or they are not renewed on commercially acceptable terms or at all, it may have a limited impact on our operational activities for the time being. For further details of all the lease and license agreements entered by the Company along with relevant details, please see “ _Our Business_ ” on page 175. 

# **_34. Direct investment in mutual funds by our existing as well as potential clients will have an adverse impact on our revenue from mutual fund distribution._** 

While we initially commenced our mutual fund distribution business with a business model based on upfront commission, given the larger proportion of equity mutual funds historically distributed by us, we moved to a trail commission model, which has provided us with a recurring commission based on the performance of such funds in the market. Currently, we derive our revenue from operations, from the commission and trail income _i.e._ in the nature of a recurring periodic payment as long as the AuM is reflected in our ARN code that we earn by distribution of mutual funds through our business verticals and from fees received from funds that we distribute to our clients. With growing technology and increase in the ease of investments in such funds, our existing, as well as potential clients may not see significance in choosing to make their investments through us, and may choose to invest in such funds directly, thereby reducing or eliminating our involvement in the process of investments. Our AuM comprises mutual fund schemes and other financial products such as bonds, market linked debentures other securities held by clients in their own demat accounts. Further, we do not include demat holdings of the clients in the AUM unless the client has also used the distribution service of our Company or have bought market linked debentures through us. Our consolidated AuM has increased from ₹. 183.93 billion as on March 31, 2019 and ₹ 183.55 billion as on March 31, 2020 to ₹ 266.70 billion as on March 31, 2021. During five months period ended August 31, 2021 our total AuM increased by 13.27% to ₹ 302.09 billion as compared to ₹ 266.70 billion as on March 31, 2021. Our number of Clients in PWM vertical have increased from 4,258 as on March 31, 2019 and 5,121 as on March 31, 2020 to 6,109 as on March 31, 2021 and 6,564 as on August 31, 2021. For details of break-up of our AuM, see “ _Our Business_ ” on page 161. 

In the event that such existing or potential clients choose to invest in such funds directly, our AuM or growth in AuM may reduce which would have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 

**_35. We cannot ensure that our intellectual property is protected from being copied or used by others, including our competitors, and intellectual property infringement actions may be brought against us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business._** 

We use, among others, the name, brand and trademark ‘ANANDRATHI’ and associated logos in the ordinary course of our business and in our corporate name. The trademark and tagline of “Private Wealth. uncomplicated” are not registered, nor have they been applied for. The trademark ‘ANANDRATHI’ is owned by, and is currently registered in the name of ARFSL. This trademark is licensed to us through a license agreement dated April 1, 2018, which was subsequently replaced by the new brand policy approved by the board of ARFSL on March 11, 2019, which will continue to have effect unless mutually terminated by ARFSL and our Company. The said brand policy became effective from January 1, 2019, and the brand charges were paid as follows: From April 1, 2018 to December 31, 2018: ₹ 0.37 million (proportionately for nine months), ₹ 3.19 million from January 1, 2019 to March 31, 2019. The total amount of brand usage charges paid in Fiscal 2019 was ₹ 3.56 million. Further, the amount of ₹ 16.21 million was paid in Fiscal 2020, subject to levy of GST in accordance with the terms and conditions mentioned in the brand policy, i.e.: 0.5% of the gross revenue; or 5% of profit before tax (before brand charges); or 1% of net interest margin (only in case of NBFC), whichever is lower. 

As per the terms of the brand policy, the calculation for brand charges was done considering Profit before tax and Gross Revenue as the base. Profit before tax was as per the financial statements. Gross revenue includes all fee, commission, brokerage, interest etc. However, no charges will be levied on revenue not incidental to use of brand like following: 

- Gain on sale of investments 

44 

- Interest on fixed deposits and investments 

- Dividend on investments 

- Gain on sale of property / fixed assets 

- Interest on inter-corporate deposits to group companies 

In the event of termination of this brand policy, we would be required to change our name and brand, which could require us to expend significant resources to establish new branding and name recognition in the market, which could materially and adversely affect our reputation, business, operations, financial condition and results of operations. The brand usage charges for the five-month period ended August 31, 2021 was ₹ 8 million and for Fiscal 2021 was ₹ 12.69 million. 

As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, except for seven trademarks, being, OFA, FIINFRA logos, UNCAPPED ACCELERATOR, DECAY MULTIPLE, PROTECTED ACCELERATOR, PROTECTED CALL, PROTECTED CALL PLUS, ARWEALTH and REVERSE CHI SQUARE and three copyright Core Concept Note, Financial Strategy- V1 and Financial Strategy- V34; we do not have any other registered intellectual property rights, which may impact our ability to protect our intellectual property. We may be unable to detect the unauthorised use of, or take appropriate steps to enforce, our intellectual property rights. Failure to protect our intellectual property and trademarks adequately could harm our reputation and affect our ability to compete effectively. Further, defending our intellectual property rights may require significant financial and managerial resources, the expenditure of which may materially adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, we cannot assure you that such attempt to establish our brand will be successful or that ARFSL will not leverage the brand recognition created by us for ‘ANANDRATHI’ brand to itself enter into the wealth management business. 

We may also be subject to claims that we have breached our licensed use of software or otherwise infringed on the intellectual property of third parties, including infringement by service providers who use such licences to provide services to us. Any of the above matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial performance and the trading price of our Equity Shares. 

**_36. There were certain deficiencies observed in the mutual fund distribution activities of AR Venture Funds Management Private Limited and corrective actions were required to rectify the same. We cannot assure you that such deficiencies will not take place in the future and that we will not be subject to any corrective actions imposed by the competent regulatory authority in this regard._** 

There were certain deficiencies observed in the mutual fund distribution activities of AR Venture Funds Management Private Limited (previous name of our Company) (ARN-111569) in a due diligence report submitted by a firm of chartered accountants as part of the unified due diligence of mutual fund distributors facilitated by AMFI. The relevant details of the said deficiencies and the corrective actions taken to rectify the same are disclosed below: 

|**S.No**|**Deficiencies**|**Corrective actions**|
|---|---|---|
|1|Company is involved in offering execution<br>services only but the practice of obtaining<br>written communication from the investor is not<br>followed.|The mutual fund transactions are executed through both demat<br>and non-demat route.<br>Demat transactions are executed online through the BSE StAR<br>Exchange Platform (“**BSE Platform**”).<br>Online non-demat transactions are executed through BSE<br>Platform or through MFU after obtaining approval from the<br>Clients electronically.<br>Physical non-demat transactions are executed through respective<br>AMC / RTA common application/transaction forms duly signed<br>by the Clients and submitted at the official points of acceptance.|
|2|Company does not follow the practice of<br>retaining application forms submitted to AMC|Employee Unique Identification Number (“**EUIN**”) of the<br>interacting employee is quoted on the Transactions executed<br>through "Other than online mode". The photocopies of such<br>applications / transaction slips are photocopied and retained by<br>the respective branch under their custody for three months post<br>which they are stored in the central warehouse location.|



45 

|**S.No**|**Deficiencies**|**Corrective actions**|
|---|---|---|
|3|Documentation evidencing the process of<br>selection, deselection including ongoing review<br>of mutual fund products was not available for<br>review.|A documented selection process is in place for both equity and<br>debt mutual funds. The detail process documents was attached.|
|4|No written communication from investor was<br>available / provided to indicate implementation<br>of such said practice.|All transactions were executed on behalf of the Clients only after<br>obtaining necessary approvals from the Clients either<br>electronically through the in-house order generation system or<br>email.|
|5|No formal process exists to track / assess<br>customer feedback.|Until 2014 the Company participated in the Asia Money survey<br>which would measure customer satisfaction and post that till<br>today the Company holds client review meetings every month<br>with sales personnel where portfolio performance is discussed<br>and client feedback is taken. An annual review is held between<br>the client and senior management.|
|6|No documented hiring policy was made<br>available.|<br>A documented hiring policy is in place for the sales department.<br>The policy document was attached and provided.|
|7|On verification it was observed that 93 out of<br>165 sales personnel were operating without<br>NISM certificate.|The list of RMs along with their EUIN and its validity is<br>monitored regularly.<br>Three months ahead of the expiry of the EUIN, follow-up is done<br>with the respective RMs to renew their EUIN and the EUIN is<br>renewed by the RMs.<br>NISM Certification and EUIN are pre-requisites as part of the<br>RM hiring exercise|
|8|The Company explained that there is internal<br>audit process is in place.|.<br>Client accounts are opened both for demat & non-demat mode of<br>Investments.<br>Trading & demat accounts opened through application forms and<br>any subsequent modifications sought by Clients through signed<br>requests are audited through a concurrent audit process and any<br>observations are immediately sorted.<br>Non-demat accounts are opened through BSE Platform where the<br>Client approves the data captured in the account.<br>Transactions through demat and non-demat route are carried out<br>online through BSE Platform where clients approve the<br>transaction initiated on their behalf.|
|9|The Company explained that it recommended<br>goal based and long term investment plan to the<br>client, hence portfolio turnover ratio and % of<br>AUM redeemed within the exit load is below<br>the industry level. But no redemption details<br>were provided to corroborate the same.|Processed transaction data is received through the mailback<br>services of RTAs and these transactions are stored in in-house<br>system<br>for<br>AUM<br>monitoritoring,<br>Client<br>reporting<br>and<br>performance measurement purposes.<br>The average age of equity assets has been 2.52 years for FY 15-<br>16 and 2.51 years for FY 16-17.<br>The average age of debt assets has been 1.62 years for FY 15-16<br>and 2.13 years for FY 16-17.<br>The average age of liquid assets has been 0.85 years for FY 15-16<br>and 0.98 years for FY 16-17.<br>The average holding period above shows that we have a low<br>turnover ratio and assets are generally not redeemed during the<br>exit load period.|



We cannot assure you that such deficiencies will not take place in the future and that we will not be subject to any corrective actions imposed by the competent regulatory authority in this regard. 

**_37. Our success depends in large part upon our Promoters and certain members of our Promoter Group. If such individuals are unable or unwilling to continue in their present position, they would be difficult to replace and our business, prospects and results of operations could have a material adverse effect._** 

46 

Our individual Promoters, Mr. Anand Rathi and Mr. Pradeep Gupta, and our Director, Mr. Amit Rathi, who is also a part of our Promoter Group, have extensive experience in the financial services industry. We also operate our business under the aegis of brand ‘ANANDRATHI’, a brand used by multiple entities in the Anand Rathi Group, which is owned by, and is registered in the name of ARFSL. This trademark is licensed to us through a license agreement dated April 1, 2018, which was subsequently replaced by the new brand policy approved by the board of ARFSL on March 11, 2019, which will continue to have effect unless mutually terminated by ARFSL and our Company. They have been crucial to the growth of our business and we are highly dependent on them to manage our current operations and to meet future business challenges. In particular, the active involvement of certain of our Promoters and members of our Promoter Group in our operations, including through strategy, direction and client relationships have been integral to our development and business. If such individuals are unable or unwilling to continue in their present position, it would have a material adverse effect on our operations. We cannot assure you that their services will continue to be available to us, or that we will be able to find a suitable replacement if required. For further details on the risks in relation to usage of the ‘ANANDRATHI’ logo, refer to ‘- _Our results are also dependent on the strength and reputation of the brand ‘ANANDRATHI’, as well as the reputation of other entities forming part of the Anand Rathi Group_ .’ on page 30 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_38. Some of our Promoter Group entities are involved in similar line of business that may lead to real or potential conflicts of interest with our business._** 

Some of our Promoter Group entities are involved in a similar line of business which may have a potential conflict of interest with our business. The interests of some of our Promoter Group entities may conflict with the interests of our other Shareholders and for business considerations or otherwise, cause our Company to take actions, or refrain from taking actions, in order to benefit themselves instead of our Company's interests or the interests of its other Shareholders and which may be harmful to our Company's interests or the interests of our other Shareholders, which may impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_39. Our Company has issued Equity Shares during the preceding one year at a price that may be below the Offer Price and grants of stock options under our employee stock option plan may result in a charge to our profit and loss account and, to that extent, reduce our profitability and financial condition._** 

We have in the preceding one year prior to filing this Red Herring Prospectus, issued Equity Shares pursuant to the ESOP 2017 and ESOP 2018 at par value of ₹5 per Equity Share, which may be less than the Offer Price. The price at which the Equity Shares have been issued by our Company in the preceding one year is not indicative of the price at which they will be issued or traded. Further, going forward, our Company may continue to issue Equity Shares, including under the ESOP Scheme(s), at prices that may be lower than the Offer Price. Grants of stock options result in a charge to our statement of profit and loss and reduce, to that extent, our reported profits in future periods. Any issuance of the equity shares by us, including through exercise of employee stock options pursuant to the ESOP Scheme we may implement in the future, may dilute your shareholding in the Company, adversely affecting the trading price of the Equity Shares and our ability to raise capital through an issuance of new securities. For details, please see " _Capital Structure_ " on page 79 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_40. Some of our old corporate or secretarial records may not be traceable and some of our corporate records contain discrepancies. We cannot assure you that regulatory proceedings or actions will not be initiated against us in the future and we will not be subject to any penalty imposed by the competent regulatory authority in this regard._** 

We manage our internal compliance by monitoring and evaluating internal controls and ensuring all applicable statutory and regulatory compliances from time to time. However, there can be no assurance that deficiencies in our internal controls will not arise in future, or that we will be able to implement, and continue to maintain, take adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls, in a timely manner or at all. 

For instance, our Company is currently not in possession of certain secretarial records and filings for and including in relation to certain earlier transfer of equity shares of face value of ₹ 10 each and appointment of our directors such as share transfer forms, annual return, confirmation from directors and also records and filings such as, application for availability of name, certain records of the Company prior to 2005, 

47 

etc. Accordingly, some of the information included in the section “ _Capital Structure_ ” and “ _Our Management_ ” on pages 79 and 191, respectively, of this Red Herring Prospectus is based on other documentation available with our Company, including annual returns and alternate secretarial records and filings. While we believe that these secretarial records and filings were prepared and submitted to the relevant authorities by our Company, in due course; we cannot assure you that we will be able to locate these secretarial records and filings in the future. Accordingly, while we have obtained a practicing company secretary certificate for certain of these secretarial records and filings, we cannot assure you that our Company will not be subject to any action, including monetary penalties by the relevant regulatory authority on account of any inadvertent discrepancies in, or non-availability of, some of its secretarial records and filings. Any such outcome may adversely impact our reputation, business and our results of operations. 

# **_41. We may be unable to detect and deter misconduct of our employees or other third-party service providers which could harm our brand and our reputation, or lead to regulatory fines or litigation against us._** 

We operate in an industry in which we use hold and trade client monies, and in which personal relationships, integrity and the confidence of our clients are of critical importance. As a result, we are subject to the risk that our employees and other third parties whom we deal with could engage in misconduct that may adversely affect our business. For example, if an employee were to engage in illegal or suspicious activities, we could be subject to regulatory fines and suffer serious harm to our reputation (because of the negative perception resulting in such activities), financial position, client relationships and ability to attract new clients. While we have internal processes to detect, prevent and monitor our employees, agents, distributors and other third parties and have not faced such a situation so far, we may not be successful in our endeavours. Such misconduct could include, engaging in mis-selling, misrepresentation or fraudulent, deceptive or otherwise improper activities when marketing or selling products, binding us to transactions, hiding unauthorised or unsuccessful activities, such as insider trading, improperly using or disclosing confidential information, making illegal or improper payments, falsifying documents or data, recommending products, services or transactions that are not suitable for our clients; misappropriation of funds, engaging in unauthorised or excessive transactions detriment to our clients or not complying with applicable laws or our internal policies and procedures. 

Our business often requires that we deal with confidential information. If our employees were to improperly use or disclose this information, even if inadvertently, we could be subject to legal action and suffer serious harm to our reputation, financial position and current and future business relationships. It is not always possible to deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent such activities may not always be effective. Misconduct by our employees, or even unsubstantiated allegations of misconduct, could result in an adverse effect on our reputation and our business. While we have implemented specific initiatives to reduce the likelihood of such situations occurring in future, including enhanced due diligence measures for high-risk cases and additional verification measures during the client on-boarding process, there can be no assurance that we will not be subjected to fraudulent claims in the future. We may be also subjected to fraudulent behaviour and disclosures by client and third parties in respect of other areas of operations, including money laundering and forgery, which may negatively impact our ability to comply with applicable regulations, which could result in us being subjected to regulatory action, and have an adverse impact on our results of operations, profitability and reputation. 

# **_42. Our Promoters and Promoter Group will continue to have significant shareholding in us after the Offer, which will allow them to exercise significant influence over us._** 

After the completion of the Offer, our Promoters and Promoter Group will have significant shareholding in our Company. Accordingly, our Promoters and Promoter Group will continue to exercise significant influence over our business and all matters requiring shareholders' approval, including the composition of our Board of Directors, the approval of mergers, strategic acquisitions or the sales of substantially all of our assets, and the policies for dividends, lending, investments and capital expenditures. This concentration of ownership may also delay, defer or even prevent a change in control of our Company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of our Promoters and Promoter Group. Further, the Takeover Regulations may limit the ability of a third party to acquire control of our Company. The interests of our Promoters, as our Company's controlling shareholder, could conflict with our Company's interests, your interests or the interests of our other shareholders. 

48 

# **_43. Our operations are dependent on the performance of the Indian economy and securities market._** 

The growth in our business has been directly related to the growth in the Indian economy, specifically the growing GDP and growing household savings. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India or periods where inflation was high. Such economic growth is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports (oil and oil products), global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall, which affects agricultural production. Any slowdown or reversal in the growth of the Indian economy could result in a reduction in wealth in the Indian economy that can be diverted to savings and investment, a reduced interest in investment in the securities market and reduced foreign investment. Any such reductions could result in a reduction in our AuM and /or the commissions we can charge for our services. 

Additionally, an increase in India’s trade deficit, a downgrading in India’s sovereign debt rating or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively impact interest rates and liquidity, which could adversely impact the Indian economy and our business. Any adverse revisions to India’s sovereign debt ratings may also adversely affect our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing is available. This could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to obtain refinancing, as well as the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_44. The Restated Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus may not be comparable with the audited financial statements for the corresponding periods._** 

The Restated Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus have taken into consideration all the adjustments, as applicable, which have been reflected in the corresponding period and accordingly the Restated Consolidated Financial Statements may vary from the audited financials for the respective years or periods, as available on the website of the Company. Further we cannot assure you that the comparative descriptions of Restated Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus, including in the section _“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”_ beginning on page 297 provide any meaningful analysis for audited financials for the same periods. 

On account of such differences, our, investors will not have the benefit of considering comparable performance over prior periods and any reliance on our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements or the audited financial statements for any of our prior periods should be accordingly limited. 

**_45. Certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance like EBITDA have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. These non-GAAP financial measures are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by Ind AS and may not be comparable._** 

Certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance like EBITDA, EBITDA margin, net worth, return on net worth, Net Asset Value per Equity Share and capital gearing ratio have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. These non-GAAP Measures are not a measurement of our financial performance or liquidity under Ind AS, Indian GAAP, or IFRS and should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to cash flows, profit/ (loss) for the year/ period or any other measure of financial performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity, profitability or cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities derived in accordance with Ind AS, Indian GAAP, or IFRS. These nonGAAP financial measures and other statistical and other information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to financial measures and statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other companies and are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by Ind AS and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies 

# **<u>External Risk Factors</u>** 

**_46. Political, economic and social developments in India could adversely affect our business._** 

49 

Our current operations are conducted primarily in India and are subject to special considerations and significant risks typical for India. These include risks associated with, among others, the political, economic and legal environments and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 

Our results may be adversely affected by changes in the political and social conditions in India, and by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations, anti-inflationary measures, currency conversion and remittance abroad, and rates and methods of taxation, among other things. Volatility in social and political conditions in India may interrupt, limit or otherwise affect our operations. We continue to experience sporadic disruptions and disturbances at our branches located in certain states in India which tend to be more prone to protests or union activity involving persons other than our employees. Additionally, we cannot ensure that our employees may not join such unions in future. This could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations in those states. 

The central and state governments serve multiple roles in the Indian economy, including as producers, consumers and regulators, which have significant influence on the financial services sector and us. Economic liberalisation policies have encouraged foreign investment in the financial sector, and changes in these governmental policies could have a significant impact on the business and economic conditions in India in general and the financial sector in particular, which in turn could adversely affect our business, future financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any military activity, terrorist attacks or other adverse social, economic and political events could adversely impact our business prospects. The occurrence of any of these events may result in a loss of investor confidence, which could potentially lead to economic recession and generally have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our insurance policies do not cover loss of business from terrorist attacks, war or civil unrest. Any political instability in India may adversely affect the Indian securities markets in general, which could also adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. 

# **_47. If inflation were to rise significantly in India the trend towards increased saving rates in the Indian economy may decline or reverse._** 

India has experienced some of the highest levels of inflation measured by consumer price index of any of the 34 member states of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (“ **OECD** ”). 

Although the Government has initiated several economic measures to curb the rise in inflation rates, it is unclear at this stage whether these measures will have the desired effect. Annual inflation rate in India increased to 6.30 percent in May 2021, the lowest reading in three months from 5.03 percent in March 2021 (Source: Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation (MOSP). Any further rise in inflation rates may adversely affect saving or investment patterns of clients, potentially affecting growth in the Indian economy and our results of operations. 

# **_48. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of tax laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business and financial performance._** 

Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations applicable to us and our business. Please refer to “ _Key Regulations and Policies in India_ ” on page 177 of this Red Herring Prospectus for details of the laws currently applicable to us. 

There can be no assurance that the Government of India will not implement new regulations and policies which will require us to obtain approvals and licenses from the Government of India and other regulatory bodies or impose onerous requirements and conditions on our operations. For example, SEBI has recently amended the SEBI (Investment Advisers) Regulations, 2013, wherein it has introduced client level segregation of advisory and distribution activities which prescribes that an individual investment adviser shall not provide distribution services and a non-individual investment adviser shall maintain an arm’s length relationship between its activities as investment adviser and distributor by providing advisor services through a separately identifiable department or division. Furthermore, the same client cannot be offered both advisory and distribution services within the group of the non-individual entity and a client can either be an advisory client where no distributor consideration is received at the group level or distribution services client where no advisory fee is collected from the client at the group level. Any such changes and the related uncertainties with respect to the applicability, interpretation and implementation 

50 

of any amendment to, or change to governing laws, regulation or policy in the jurisdictions in which we operate may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may have to incur expenditures to comply with the requirements of any new regulations, which may also materially harm our results of operations. Any unfavourable changes to the laws and regulations applicable to us could also subject us to additional liabilities. 

The application of various Indian tax laws, rules and regulations to our business, currently or in the future, is subject to interpretation by the applicable taxation authorities. If such tax laws, rules and regulations are amended, new adverse laws, rules or regulations are adopted or current laws are interpreted adversely to our interests, the results could increase our tax payments (prospectively or retrospectively) and/or subject us to penalties. For example, the GAAR have come into effect from April 1, 2017. The tax consequences of the GAAR provisions being applied to an arrangement could result in denial of tax benefits, amongst other consequences. Further, changes in capital gains tax or tax on capital market transactions or sale of securities could affect investor returns. As a result, any such changes or interpretations could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 

Further, the Government of India has implemented a comprehensive national goods and services tax (" **GST** ") regime that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into a largely unified rate structure. Any such future increases or amendments may affect the overall tax efficiency of companies operating in India and may result in significant additional taxes becoming payable. Further, the Government of India has notified the Finance Act, 2021 (“ **Finance Act** ”) which has introduced various amendments to taxation laws in India. There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

**_49. It may not be possible for you to enforce a judgment obtained outside India against our Company or any of our Directors and executive officers that are resident in India, except by way of a law suit in India on such judgment._** 

We are incorporated under the laws of India and our Directors and executive officers reside in India. Furthermore, substantially all of our assets are located in India. As a result, you may be unable to effect service of process in jurisdictions outside India upon our Company or such persons, or enforce in Indian courts judgments obtained in courts of jurisdictions outside India against our Company, including judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of securities laws of jurisdictions outside India. 

India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions. A judgment from certain specified courts located in a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908, as amended, (the “ **Civil Code** ”). 

The United Kingdom, Singapore, Hong Kong and United Arab Emirates have been declared by the Government of India to be reciprocating territories for purposes of Section 44A of the Civil Code. A judgment of a court of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit on the judgment under Section 13 of the Civil Code, and not by proceedings in execution. Section 13 of the Civil Code provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated on except (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case, (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognise the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable, (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice, (v) where the judgment has been 

51 

obtained by fraud or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. 

The party in whose favour such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in such jurisdiction within three years of obtaining such final judgment. It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Moreover, it is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages to the extent awarded in a final judgment rendered outside India if it believes that the amount of damages awarded were excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice and public policy. It is uncertain whether an Indian Court would enforce foreign judgement that would contravene or violate Indian law. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain the prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered and may be subject to tax in accordance with applicable tax laws in India. 

**_50. Foreign investors are subject to foreign investment restrictions under Indian law, which may adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under the foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfers of shares between nonresidents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions) if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then the prior approval of the RBI will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert the Indian Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India will require a no objection/tax clearance certificate from the income tax authority. Further, in accordance with press note 3 of 2020, dated April 17, 2020, issued by the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade, Government of India, all foreign direct investments by entities incorporated in a country which shares land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country will require prior approval of the Government of India and shall have to be in conformity with the applicable provisions of the FEMA Rules. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other Indian government agency can be obtained on any particular terms, or at all. 

**_51. Differences exist between Ind-AS and other accounting principles, such as US GAAP and IFRS, which may be material to investors' assessments of our financial condition. Additionally, the financial measures and statistical information in the Restated Financial Information may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across the financial services industry, and therefore may not be comparable with financial or statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other financial services companies._** 

Our Restated Financial Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus are prepared under Ind-AS and presented in conformity with compliance to the Companies Act and restated under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, consistently applied during the periods stated, except as provided therein, and no attempt has been made to reconcile any of the information given in this Red Herring Prospectus to U.S. GAAP or IFRS or any other principles or to base it on any other standards. Ind-AS differs from accounting principles and auditing standards with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries, including U.S. GAAP or IFRS. Additionally, the financial measures and statistical information in the Restated Financial Information may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across the financial services industry, and therefore may not be comparable with financial or statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other financial services companies. 

Accordingly, the degree to which the financial information included in this Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is dependent on your familiarity with Ind-AS, the Companies Act, and the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Ind-AS, or these laws and regulations, on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited. All consideration of financial, and other, information with regard to an investor’s decision whether or not to invest in this Offer should be made on the basis of the Restated Financial Information. 

**_52. Any downgrading of India's debt rating by an independent agency may harm our ability to raise financing._** 

52 

Any adverse revisions to India's credit ratings for domestic and international debt by domestic or international rating agencies may adversely affect our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing is available. This could have an adverse effect on our capital expenditure plans, business and financial performance and the price of our Equity Shares. 

# **_53. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

# **_54. Difficult conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally have affected and may continue to affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations._** 

The Indian economy may be affected by changes in Government policies, economic conditions, demographic trends, employment and income levels and interest rates, among other factors. In the past, economic developments outside India have adversely affected the markets in which we operate and our overall business. For instance, on June 23, 2016, the United Kingdom held a referendum on its membership in the European Union and voted to leave (“ **Brexit** ”). In October 2019, a withdrawal agreement (the “ **Withdrawal Agreement** ”) setting out the terms of the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union, and a political declaration on the framework for the future relationship between the United Kingdom and European Union was agreed between the UK and EU governments. The Withdrawal Agreement, which became effective on January 31, 2020 includes the terms of a transition or **“** standstill **”** period until December 31, 2020. Following the Brexit, there remains significant uncertainty around the terms of their future relationship with the European Union and, more generally, as to the impact of Brexit on the general economic conditions in the United Kingdom and the European Union and any consequential impact on global financial markets. For example, Brexit could give rise to increased volatility in foreign exchange rate movements and the value of equity and debt investments. In addition, trade tensions between the U.S. and major trading partners, most notably China, continue to escalate following the introduction of a series of tariff measures in both countries. Although China is the primary target of U.S. trade measures, value chain linkages mean that other emerging markets, primarily in Asia, may also be impacted. China’s policy response to these trade measures also presents a degree of uncertainty. There is some evidence of China’s monetary policy easing and the potential for greater fiscal spending, which could worsen existing imbalances in its economy. This could undermine efforts to address already high debt levels and increase medium-term risks. 

These and other related factors such as concerns over recession, inflation or deflation, energy costs, geopolitical issues, slowdown in economic growth in China and Renminbi devaluation, commodity prices and the availability and cost of credit have had a significant impact on the global credit and financial markets as a whole, including reduced liquidity, greater volatility, widening of credit spreads and a lack of price transparency in the United States, Europe and the global credit and financial markets. A lack of clarity over the process for managing the exit and uncertainties surrounding the economic impact could lead to a further slowdown and instability in financial markets. This and any prolonged financial crisis may have an adverse impact on the Indian economy, and in turn on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and indirectly in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could influence the Indian economy. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States, Europe and other jurisdictions, including India, have implemented several policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. In addition, any increase in interest rates by the United States Federal Reserve will lead to an increase in the borrowing costs in the United States which may in turn impact global borrowing as well. Furthermore, in several parts of the world, there are signs of increasing retreat from globalization of goods, services and people, as pressure for the introduction of a protectionist regime is building and such developments could 

53 

adversely affect Indian exports. However, the overall impact of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. 

If there is a tightening of credit in financial markets globally, this could also affect the Indian market and debt could become significantly more expensive for us. We may not be able to arrange for debt financing for our capital requirements at all or debt financing which is available to us may not be on commercially acceptable terms; as a result, we may have to restrict our business operations. Any economic downturn could affect the overall sentiment of the market and our business. We are unable to predict the likely duration and severity of any future disruption in financial markets and adverse economic conditions in India, the United States and other countries, which may cause material adverse impact to our business and operating results. 

**_55. Natural disasters, fires, epidemics, pandemics, acts of war, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other events could materially and adversely affect our business._** 

Natural disasters (such as typhoons, flooding and earthquakes), epidemics, pandemics such as COVID19, acts of war, terrorist attacks and other events, many of which are beyond our control, may lead to economic instability, including in India or globally, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

Our operations may be adversely affected by fires, natural disasters and/or severe weather, which can result in damage to our property and generally reduce our productivity and may require us to evacuate personnel and suspend operations. Any terrorist attacks or civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic and political events in India could have a negative effect on us. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the price of the Equity Shares. 

A number of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to contagious diseases and, for example, have had confirmed cases of diseases such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID-19 virus. Certain countries in Southeast Asia have reported cases of bird-to-human transmission of avian and swine influenza, resulting in numerous human deaths. A worsening of the current outbreak of COVID-19 virus or future outbreaks of COVID-19 virus, avian or swine influenza or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the Indian economy and economic activity in the region and in turn have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **<u>Risk Relating to the Offer</u>** 

**_56. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer_** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares shall be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholders in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers, and through the Book Building Process. This price is based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” beginning on page 107 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that the investor will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

**_57. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges in a timely manner or at all and if they are listed you may not be able to immediately sell the Equity Shares you purchased in the Offer._** 

In accordance with Indian law and practice, permission for listing and trading of our Equity Shares will not be granted until after certain actions have been completed in relation to this Offer and until Allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to this Offer. There can be no guarantee that these actions will be completed in a timely manner or at all and as a result our Equity Shares may not be listed on the Stock Exchanges in a timely manner or at all. 

54 

In accordance with the current regulations and circulars issued by SEBI, our Equity Shares are required to be listed on the Stock Exchanges within such time as mandated under UPI Circulars, subject to any change in the prescribed timeline in this regard. However, we cannot assure you that the trading in our Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner, in accordance with timelines prescribed under the UPI Circulars, or at all. Any failure or delay in obtaining final listing and trading approvals may restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares. 

You can begin trading in the Equity Shares only after they have been credited to your demataccount and after final listing and trading permissions have been received from the Stock Exchanges, which will be within six working days of closing of the public issue. Final trading permissions may not be received from the Stock Exchanges, the Equity Shares allocated to you may not be credited to your demat account and trading in the Equity Shares may not commence within the time periods specified above. 

**_58. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a bookbuilding process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results of our Company, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. We cannot assure you that a liquid market for our Equity Shares will develop or that you will be able to sell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price or sell your Equity Shares at all. 

# **_59. The requirements of being a publicly listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a publicly listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the SEBI Listing Regulations which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. Further, as a publicly listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

# **_60. The trading volume and market price of the Equity Shares may be volatile following the Offer._** 

The market price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate as a result of, among other things, the following factors, some of which are beyond our control: 

- quarterly variations in our results of operations; 

- results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

- results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 

55 

- changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by research analysts and investors; 

- a change in research analysts’ recommendations; 

- announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments; 

- announcements by third parties of significant claims or proceedings against us; 

- new laws and government regulations applicable to the industries we operate in; 

- additions or departures of key management personnel; 

- changes in interest rates; fluctuations in stock market trading volume; and 

- • general economic and stock market conditions. 

Changes in relation to any of the factors listed above could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_61. Our Equity Shares are denominated, and once listed will be traded, in Indian Rupees. Erosion in the value of the Indian Rupee may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results and could result in a loss of your investment._** 

Our Equity Shares are denominated, and once listed will be traded, in Indian Rupees. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies or erosion in the value of the Indian Rupee may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results and could result in a loss of your investment. Further, any dividends on our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. 

# **_62. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the transfer of the Equity Shares._** 

Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the transfer of the Equity Shares. Any gain realised on the transfer of listed equity shares on a stock exchange held for more than 12 months will be subject to capital gains tax in India even if Securities Transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) has been paid on the transaction. STT is levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which equity shares are transferred. STT is payable on acquisition or transfer of Equity Shares. Any gain realised on the transfer of equity shares held for more than 12 months to an Indian resident, which are sold other than on a recognised stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, is subject to long-term capital gains tax in India. Further, any gain realised on the transfer of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short-term capital gains tax in India. 

Subject to any relief available under an applicable tax treaty or under the laws of their own jurisdictions, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdictions on gains arising from a transfer of our Equity Shares as Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose capital gains tax on transfer of Equity Shares. 

**_63. Any future issuance of Equity Shares may dilute your shareholding and_** **_<mark>earnings per share for future periods</mark> and sales of our Equity Shares by our Promoter or other major shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our Company has framed and implemented two employee stock option schemes, ESOP 2017 and ESOP 2018 (together, the “ **ESOP Schemes** ”). As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have 176,060 outstanding stock options under the ESOP Schemes. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering and under the ESOP Schemes, may lead to the dilution of investors' shareholdings in our Company. It may also lead to dilution in earnings per share for future periods. Any future equity issuances by us or sales of our Equity Shares by our Promoter may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences for us including difficulty in raising debt-financing. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. 

**_64. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

56 

Under the Companies Act, a company incorporated in India must offer its equity shareholders preemptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting rights on such resolution. 

However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of our Equity Shares, your proportional interests in our Company may be reduced. 

# **_65. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until the Offer Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within six Working Days from the Offer Closing Date, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares. 

# **_66. Our ability to raise foreign capital may be constrained by Indian law._** 

As a company registered in India, we are subject to foreign exchange control law that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies. Such regulatory restrictions limit our financing sources and could constrain our ability to obtain financings on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, we cannot assure you that any required regulatory approvals for borrowing in foreign currencies will be granted to us without onerous conditions, or at all. Limitations on foreign debt may have an adverse effect on our business growth, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_67. The determination of the Price Band is subject to various factors and assumptions and the Offer Price may not be indicative of the trading price of the Equity Shares, upon listing on the Stock Exchanges subsequent to the Offer. Further, the current trading price of equity shares listed pursuant to certain past issues handled by the BRLMs is below their respective issue price._** 

The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions, and was determined by our Company in consultation with the BRLMs. Further, the Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholders in consultation with the BRLMs through the Book Building Process. This price is based on certain factors, as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 107 of this Red Herring Prospectus and may not be indicative of the trading price of the Equity Shares, upon listing on the Stock Exchanges subsequent to the Offer. The trading price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure that you will be able to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. In addition to the above, the current trading price of equity shares listed pursuant to certain past issues handled by the BRLMs is below their respective issue price. For further details regarding the track record of the public issues handled by the BRLMs, as specified in circular reference CIR/MIRSD/1/2012 dated January 10, 2012 issued by SEBI, please see section “ _Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures_ ” on page 353 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_68. The average cost of acquisition of the Equity Shares for the Selling Shareholders may be lesser than the lower end of the Price Band._** 

The Price Band for the Equity Shares is ₹[ • ] to ₹[ • ] per Equity Share. For more information on the determination of the Price Band, please see “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 107. If the average cost of acquisition of the Equity Shares for the Selling Shareholders is lesser than the lower end of the Price 

57 

Band, investors who purchase the Equity Shares in the Offer would do so at a cost that is higher than the average cost of acquisition of the Equity Shares for the Selling Shareholders even if the Equity Shares are acquired at the lower end of the Price Band. 

. 

58 

