# **SECTION II - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Potential investors should carefully consider all the information in the Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, the industry in which we operate or to India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not currently known to us or that we currently do not deem material may also adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. If any or some combination of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or believed to be adverse, actually occur, our business, results of operations and financial condition could suffer, the trading price of, and the value of your investment in, our Equity Shares could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. In order to obtain a complete understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “_ **_Our Business_** _”, “_ **_Industry Overview_** _”, “_ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_** _” and “_ **_Financial Statements_** _” on pages 132, 107, 248 and 189, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and our business and the terms of the Issue including the merits and risks involved._ 

_Potential investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Issue. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are unable to quantify the financial or other impact of any of the risks described in this section. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information for Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020 and for the nine months ended December 31, 2019 and 2020 included herein is derived from the Restated Financial Statements, included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “_ **_Financial Statements_** _” on page 189._ 

_Our Company’s Fiscal commences on April 1 and ends on March 31 of the immediately subsequent year, and references to a particular Fiscal are to the 12 months ended March 31 of that particular year. Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, in this section, references to “the Company” or “our Company” are to Anupam Rasayan India Limited on a standalone basis, and references to “the Group”, “we”, “us”, “our”, are to Anupam Rasayan India Limited on a consolidated basis._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section have been derived from the report “Independent Market Report on Crop Protection, Pharmaceuticals and Custom Synthesis” dated December 14, 2020 (the “_ **_F&S Report_** _”) prepared and released by Frost and Sullivan and commissioned and paid by our Company in connection with the Issue. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the F&S Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year. Also see, “_ **_Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information and Market Data and Currency of Presentation – Industry and Market Data_** _” on page 18._ 

# **INTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

**_1. We have incurred significant indebtedness, and an inability to comply with repayment and other covenants in our financing agreements could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and credit rating._** 

We have incurred significant indebtedness of ₹ 8,419.75 million as of December 31, 2020. We have entered into agreements with certain banks and financial institutions for short-term and long-term borrowings, which typically contain restrictive covenants, including, requirements that we obtain consent from the lenders prior to undertaking certain matters including changing or modifying our ownership, altering our capital structure, further issuance of any shares, effecting any scheme of amalgamation or reconstitution, alteration to the constitutional documents of the Company, restructuring or changing the management, dilution of Promoters’ shareholding, changing our shareholding pattern, and change in constitution of the Board of Directors. Further, in terms of security, we are typically required to create a charge on all our fixed and current assets (present and future), mortgage over our 

27 

immovable properties and hypothecation of our movable properties. Further, our Promoters and Directors, Mr. Anand S Desai, Ms. Mona Desai, RIRCPL and Mr. Milan Thakkar are required to provide individual and corporate guarantees, as applicable, in relation to the borrowings availed by our Company. Our individual Promoters Mr. Anand S Desai, Ms. Mona Desai, had provided guarantees for an aggregate amount of ₹ 5,338.70 million, our corporate Promoter, RIRCPL, had provided guarantees for an aggregate amount of ₹ 5,000.50 million and one of our Directors, Mr. Milan Thakkar, had provided guarantees for an aggregate amount of ₹ 5,338.70 million, in favour of our lenders, each as of December 31, 2020. While there have been no defaults/ delays in repayments, restructuring or covenant breaches in any loans or debt payments in the past three years, there can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with these financial or other covenants or that we will be able to obtain consents necessary to take the actions that we believe are required to operate and grow our business. We cannot guarantee that no adverse action will be taken by such lenders against our Company, in terms of the respective financing documentation entered into with them. 

Further, as of December 31, 2020, outstanding indebtedness amounting to ₹ 5,622.30 million was on floating rate of interest and ₹ 2,797.45 million was on fixed rate of interest. Any fluctuations in the interest rates may directly impact the interest costs of such loans and could adversely affect our financial condition. Our ability to make payments on and refinance our indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash from our future operations. We may not be able to generate enough cash flow from operations or obtain enough capital to service our debt. Our current or future level of leverage could have significant consequences or our Shareholders and our future financial results and business prospects, including increasing our vulnerability to a downturn in business in India and other factors which may adversely affect our operations; limiting our ability to pursue growth plans; requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service debt, thereby reducing the availability of cash-flows to fund capital expenditures and growth initiatives, meet working capital requirements and use for other general corporate purposes or make dividend payouts; limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; placing us at a competitive disadvantage to any of our competitors that have less debt; increasing our interest expenditure; and limiting our ability to raise additional funds or refinance existing indebtedness. Our financing agreements also generally contain certain financial covenants including the requirement to maintain, among others, specified debt-to-equity ratios. In addition, lenders under our credit facility could foreclose on and sell our assets if we default under our credit facilities. For further information, see “ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Indebtedness_** ” and “ **_Financial Indebtedness_** ” on pages 277 and 245, respectively. 

Any failure to comply with the conditions and covenants in our financing agreements that is not waived by our lenders or guarantors or otherwise cured could lead to a termination of our credit facilities, acceleration of all amounts due under such facilities or trigger cross-default provisions under certain of our other financing agreements, any of which could adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to conduct and implement our business plans. 

**_2. If we experience insufficient cash flows to meet required payments on our debt and working capital requirements, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected._** 

Our business operations require working capital for activities including purchase of raw materials, for our specialty chemicals manufacturing operations as well as for the purchase of packing materials for our products. Presently, we meet our working capital requirements through a mix of internal accruals and working capital facilities from banks and financial institutions. As on December 31, 2020, we had sanctioned working capital facilities amounting to ₹ 2,450.00 million. Our future success depends on our ability to continue to secure and successfully manage sufficient amounts of working capital. Management of our working capital requirements involves the timely payment of, or rolling over of, our short-term indebtedness and securing new and additional loans on acceptable terms, timely payment of, or re-negotiation of our payment terms for, our trade payables, collection of trade receivables and preparing and following accurate and feasible budgets for our business operations. If we are unable to manage our working capital requirements, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. We cannot assure that we will be able to effectively manage our working capital. Should we fail to effectively implement sufficient internal control procedures and management systems to manage our working capital and other sources of financing, we may have insufficient capital to maintain and grow our business, and we may breach the terms of our financing agreements with banks, face claims under cross-default provisions and be unable to obtain new financing, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_3. A portion of the Net Proceeds may be utilized for repayment or pre-payment of loans taken from Axis Bank, which is an affiliate of one of the Book Running Lead Managers_** . 

28 

We propose to repay certain loans obtained from Axis Bank Limited (“ **Axis Bank** ”), from the Net Proceeds as disclosed in “ **_Objects of the Issue_** ” on page 94. Axis Bank is an affiliate of Axis, one of our Book Running Lead Managers and is not an associate of the Company in terms of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Merchant Bankers) Regulations, 1992, as amended (“ **_SEBI Merchant Bankers Regulations_** ”). Loans and facilities sanctioned to our Company by Axis Bank is a part of its normal commercial lending activity and we do not believe that there is any conflict of interest under the SEBI Merchant Bankers Regulations, or any other applicable SEBI rules or regulations. For details, see “ **_Objects of the Issue_** ” on page 94. 

**_4. All our manufacturing facilities are operated on industrial land allotted to us by industrial development corporations on a leasehold basis. Failure to comply with the conditions of use of such land could result in an adverse impact on our business and financial condition. Further, our Registered and Corporate Office are located on leased premises and there can be no assurance that these lease agreements will be renewed upon termination or that we will be able to obtain other premises on lease on same or similar commercial terms._** 

All our manufacturing facilities are operated on industrial land allotted to us by Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation (“ **GIDC** ”) on a 99 years lease. Under the terms of the offer-cum allotment letter and the lease deed entered between GIDC and the Company, we are required to comply with certain ongoing conditions, including the requirement to (i) employ locally domiciled persons in the facility for 85% of the posts, including 65% of the managerial and supervisory posts, (ii) not change use of the plot and (iii) comply with certain effluent disposal and pollution control norms. If we fail to meet any such conditions, we may be required to incur liability. Further, according to the various statutory rules governing GIDCs functioning, GIDC also retains the power to cancel allotment of land in the event of breach of any rules of allotment. Cancellation of the land allotted to us due to, among other things, non-compliance of the conditions of the offer-allotment letter could have an impact on our financial condition, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our Registered and Corporate Office are located on leased premises. For further details, see “ **_Our Business – Properties_** ” on page 150. While our lease arrangements are typically entered into on a long term basis, these lease agreements may be terminated in accordance with their respective terms, and any termination or non-renewal of such leases could adversely affect our operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to retain or renew such leases on same or similar terms, or that we will find alternate locations for the existing offices on terms favorable to us, or at all. Failure to identify suitable premises for relocation of existing properties, if required, or in relation to new or proposed properties we may purchase, in time or at all, may have an adverse effect on our production and supply chain, the pace of our projected growth as well as our business and results of operations. 

**_5. We may become involved in claims concerning intellectual property rights, and we could suffer significant litigation or related expenses in defending our own intellectual property rights or defending claims that we infringed the rights of others._** 

As of  the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have registered two trademarks and are in the process of obtaining registrations for certain other trademarks. For further information on details of trademarks owned by our Company and applications made for other trademarks, see “ **_Government and Other Approvals – II. Intellectual Property Approvals_** ” on page 287. Also, see “ **_Our Business – Intellectual Property_** ” on page 150. We believe that our trademarks are important assets to our business. The use of our trademarks or logos by third parties could adversely affect our reputation, which could in turn adversely affect our business and results of operations. Therefore, we may have to take measures to protect our intellectual property by relying on Indian laws and initiating legal proceedings. However, such measures may not be adequate to prevent unauthorized use of our, intellectual property by third parties and thus, we may not be able to prevent infringement of our intellectual property. Further, the application of laws governing intellectual property rights in India is uncertain and evolving, and could involve substantial risks to us. Notwithstanding the precautions we take to protect our intellectual property rights, it is possible that third parties may copy or otherwise infringe on our rights, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, our current and future trademarks are subject to expiration and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to renew all of them prior to expiration. Our inability to renew registration of certain trademarks and loss of such trademarks could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

While we take care to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of others, we cannot determine with certainty whether we are infringing any existing third-party intellectual property rights which may force us to alter our offerings. We may also be susceptible to claims from third parties asserting infringement and other related claims. If similar claims are raised in the future, these claims could result in costly litigation, divert 

29 

management’s attention and resources, subject us to significant liabilities and require us to enter into potentially expensive royalty or licensing agreements or to cease certain offerings. Further, necessary licenses may not be available to us on satisfactory terms, if at all. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

**_6. One of our individual Promoters may not have adequate experience in the business activities undertaken by our Company._** 

One of our individual Promoters namely Dr. Kiran C. Patel, may not have adequate experience in the business activities undertaken by our Company. For further in relation to the experience of Dr. Kiran C. Patel, see “ **_Our Management – Brief Profiles of our Directors_** ” on page 164. The business operations and business related decisions of our Company is currently managed by our other Promoters. Our Company cannot assure you that the lack of such adequate prior experience of Dr. Kiran C. Patel in our line of business will not have any adverse impact on the management and/ or operations of the Company. 

**_7. We have had negative cash flows from operating activities in the past and a consequent net decrease in cash and cash equivalents in some of the recent years._** 

We have experienced negative cash flows from operating activities in Fiscal 2018 and may, in the future, experience negative cash flows. 

The following table sets forth certain information relating to our cash flows for the periods indicated below: 

|**Particulars**|**2018**<br>**(proforma)**|**Fiscal **<br>**2019**<br>**(**₹**million)**|**2020**|
|---|---|---|---|
|Net cashgenerated from/(utilized in)operations|(202.61)|389.20|949.43|
|Net cashgenerated from/(utilized in)investingactivities|(2,551.27)|(2,502.14)|(1,781.97)|
|Net cashgenerated from financingactivities|2,748.44|2,057.43|1,014.25|
|Net(decrease)/ increase in cash and cash equivalents|(5.44)|(55.52)|181.72|
|Cash and cash equivalents at closingof theyear|73.99|18.47|200.19|
||**Nin**|**e months ended**|**December**|
|**Particulars**||**31,**||
|||**2019**|**2020**|
|||**(**₹**million**|**)**|
|Net cashgenerated from/(utilized in)operations||973.10|138.46|
|Net cashgenerated from/(utilized in)investingactivities||(1,649.16)|(1,204.73)|
|Net cashgenerated from financingactivities||789.55|1,593.59|
|Net(decrease)/ increase in cash and cash equivalents||113.49|527.32|
|Cash and cash equivalents at closingof theperiod||131.97|727.51|



For further information, see “ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Cash Flows_** ” and “ **_Restated Financial Statements_** ” on pages 274 and 189, respectively. 

Negative cash flows over extended periods, or significant negative cash flows in the short term, could materially impact our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

**_8. Failure to maintain confidential information of our customers could adversely affect our results of operations and, or, damage our reputation_** 

The agreements with our customers include clauses on confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations. As per these agreements, we are required to keep confidential, the know-how and technical specifications provided to us by these customers. In addition, certain of our agreements with our customers also provide that the confidentiality clause shall remain valid for a period ranging between five years to 20 years, as applicable, post the termination of the agreement. In the event of any breach or alleged breach of our confidentiality agreements with our customers, these customers may terminate their engagements with us or initiate litigation for breach of contract. Moreover, most of these contracts do not contain provisions limiting our liability with respect to breaches of our 

30 

obligation to keep the information we receive from them confidential. As a result, if our customers’ confidential information is misappropriated by us or our employees, our customers may consider us liable for that act and seek damages and compensation from us, in addition, to seeking termination of the contract. Assertions of misappropriation of confidential information or the intellectual property of our customers against us, if successful, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if such assertions against us are unsuccessful, they may cause us to incur reputational harm and substantial cost. 

**_9. The specialty chemicals industry provides for significant entry barriers. We face competition from both domestic as well as multinational corporations and our inability to compete effectively could result in the loss of customers, hence, our market share, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects._** 

The custom synthesis and manufacturing industry presents significant entry barriers, including customer validation and approvals, expectation from customers for process innovation and cost reduction, high quality standards and stringent specifications. In particular, our typical end customers are required to register the manufacturer with the regulatory bodies are register the manufacturer with the regulatory bodies as a supplier of intermediate products or active ingredients. As a result, any change in the manufacturer of the intermediate product or active ingredient may require customers to expend significant time and resources, resulting in the acquisition of customers becoming a long process. From the product testing stage, to the batch procurement phase, to the eventual customer approval stage – acquiring a new end customer typically takes approximately 12 to 24 months depending on product complexity. Further, customers in general avoid sharing product related information with numerous manufacturers in order to restrict the spread of confidential information and as a result, customers typically select manufacturers after carefully reviewing them and tend to develop long-term relationships with them as well as limit the number of such manufacturers ( _Source: F&S Report_ ). 

We face competition from both domestic and multinational corporations. The Indian specialty chemicals industry is fragmented in nature. The key players in contract manufacturing include, PI Industries and Aarti Industries ( _Source: F&S Report_ ). In addition, there are several international players, specifically from China, United States and European Union, engaged in contract manufacturing of specialty chemicals ( _Source: F&S Report_ ). Our failure to obtain new customers or to retain or increase our existing market share or effectively compete could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Competition in our business is based on pricing, relationships with customers, product quality, customization and innovation. We face pricing pressures from multinational companies that are able to produce chemicals at competitive costs and consequently, supply their products at cheaper prices. Further, Indian chemical companies are faced with poor infrastructure and lack of adequate facilities at ports and railway terminals as well as poor pipeline connectivity, which imposes difficulties in raw material procurement and at a cost competitive price with international peers ( _Source: F&S Report_ ). We are unable to assure you that we shall be able to meet the pricing pressures imposed by such multinational competitors which would adversely affect our profitability. Also, see “ **_Our Business – Competition_** ” and “ **_Industry Overview_** ” on pages 148 and 107, respectively, for further details on competitive conditions that we face across our various business segments. 

Additionally, some of our competitors in the specialty chemicals segment may have greater financial resources, technology, research and development capability, greater market penetration and operations in diversified geographies and product portfolios, which may allow our competitors to better respond to market trends. Accordingly, we may not be able to compete effectively with our competitors across our product portfolio, which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. Further, we may incur significant expense in preparing to meet anticipated customer requirements that we may not be able to recover or pass on to our customers. Increased competition may force us to improve our process, technical, product and service capabilities and/or lower our prices or result in loss of customers, which may adversely affect our profitability and market share, in turn, affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. There is no assurance that we will remain competitive with respect to technology, design, quality or cost. 

In addition, our competitors may develop competing technologies that gain market acceptance before or instead of our products. Our competitors’ actions, including expanding manufacturing capacity, expansion of their operations to newer geographies or product segments in which we compete, or the entry of new competitors into one or more of our markets could cause us to lower prices in an effort to maintain our sales volume. 

31 

**_10. We depend on the success of our relationships with our customers most of whom are multinational corporations. Any adverse developments or inability to enter into or maintain such relationships could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We perform custom synthesis and manufacturing of life science related specialty chemicals and other specialty chemicals for a diverse range of multinational companies. Our custom synthesis and manufacturing agreements are typically long-term in nature where the validity of the contract ranges between two to five years, with certain agreements being automatically renewed for a period of one year at a time. These agreements typically impose stringent confidentiality and secrecy obligations on us which typically survive expiry or termination of our contractual terms and require us to comply with various international and organizational codes and practices including the ethical code of conduct in relation to bribery and kickbacks, code of conduct for service providers and privacy policies. Our agreements also require us to strictly adhere to the know-how and technical specifications mentioned therein, and provide our customers the right to inspect our manufacturing facilities for quality assurance system typically after providing reasonable notice to us, and request a sample analysis of the products. In addition, we typically indemnify our customers against, amongst others, any claims, demands, losses and suits, arising on account of failure of the product to meet the required specifications. 

Our agreements typically require our customers to place purchase orders that include the quantity and price while certain agreements themselves include the purchase prices and minimum purchase quantities for the products during the tenure of the agreement. While typically the purchase price includes the cost of, amongst others, raw materials, packaging, labour, utilities and taxes as well as a margin, and is mutually agreed upon between our customers and us, the purchase price is generally pre-determined either annually or for the tenure of the agreement, which exposes us to volatility in the prices of raw materials and operational costs, which we may be unable to pass onto our customers and accordingly, reduce our profit margins. In addition, certain of agreements require the customers to provide a forecast indicating the quantities of the product they intend to purchase, however these are not binding in nature. We are also required to maintain and reserve a manufacturing capacity of 120% of our customers annual quantity forecast in certain agreements. In addition, for any changes in the product specifications, manufacturing process, manufacturing site, manufacturing method or raw material used, we are typically required to obtain prior written consent from our customers. Our agreements with certain customers also require us to provide the specific product exclusively to them. Further, certain existing agreements with our key customers also grants such customers a termination right for changes in the shareholding structure of our Company beyond a specific threshold as well as for acquisitions undertaken by our Company. For instance, an existing agreement with one of our customers specifies that if there is a change in shareholding that results in a change of control (i.e., a change in the ownership of more than 50% of the shareholding), the customer is entitled to terminate the agreement with our Company unilaterally while another existing agreement specifies that the customer has a right to terminate the agreement if there is a major change in the shareholding of the Company resulting in a change in control wherein control has been defined to mean the holding of at least 50% of the voting stock. Pursuant to the completion of the Issue, the aggregate proposed post-Issue shareholding of the Promoters will not fall below 50% of issued, subscribed and paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. Accordingly, the termination rights (as mentioned above) provided to certain customers in their respective agreements for any major change in control ( _i.e._ , a change in the ownership of more than 50% of the shareholding) would not be triggered, however, such provisions in our long-term agreements may adversely affect our business strategies, and therefore, our business, financial condition and/or results of operations. Additionally, to the extent our customer contracts stipulate dispute resolution mechanisms which are governed by foreign laws and conducted abroad, in the event of contractual disputes, we may be subject to significant costs arising out of bringing or defending claims arising out of our customer contracts. Further, we typically plan and incur capital expenditure for future periods based on letter of intents. However, our inability to successfully enter into long-term contracts may result in us incurring expenses and making investments without a proportionate increase in our revenues. The occurrence of any such event could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Our business, financial condition and results of operations are dependent on our relationships with such multinational corporations. In the nine months ended December 31, 2020, we manufactured products for over 53 domestic and international customer, including 17 multinational companies. However, some of our customers currently manufacture or may start manufacturing their own active ingredients and intermediates and may discontinue the use of our custom synthesis and manufacturing services. The loss of one or more of our significant customers or a reduction in the amount of business we obtain from them could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain historic levels of business with our significant customers. If we are unable to establish or maintain relationships with multinational companies on the existing terms and conditions or the current commercial arrangements, or if such multinational companies terminate their agreements with us, it could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, if these multinational companies terminate their agreements 

32 

with us or suspend our services, which could result in an adverse impact on our relationships and reputation with these multinational companies and could have a significant effect on our ability to provide services and solutions in the future and negotiate new relationships with these multinational companies. 

**_11. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the equity shareholders._** 

We have in entered into transactions with related parties in the past and from, time to time, we may enter into related party transactions in the future. These transactions principally include remuneration to executive Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and consideration paid to Atharva Exochem Private Limited, one of our Group Companies, in relation to land purchased from them. For further information relating to our related party transactions, see “ **_Restated Financial Statements – Related Party Disclosures_** ” and “ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Related Party Transactions_** ” on pages 231 and 279, respectively. While all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, we cannot assure you that we might have obtained more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. Further, it is likely that we may enter into additional related party transactions in the future. Such related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. 

In Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020 and in the nine months ended December 31, 2020, the aggregate amount of such related party transactions was ₹ 26.76 million, ₹ 141.47 million, ₹ 139.72 million and ₹ 220.05 million, respectively. The percentage of the aggregate value such related party transactions to our revenue from operations in Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020, and in the nine months ended December 31, 2020 was 0.78%, 2.82%, 2.64% and 4.08%, respectively. For further information on our related party transactions, see “ **_Summary of the Issue Document_ -** **_Related Party Transactions_** ” on page 25. While there has been no conflict of interest among our Shareholders in relation to related party transactions entered into the past three years, we cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will always be in the best interests of our minority shareholders and will not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_12. Our inability to collect receivables and default in payment from our customers could result in the reduction of our profits and affect our cash flows._** 

The majority of our sales are to customers on an open credit basis, with standard payment terms of generally between 60 to 90 days. While we generally monitor the ability of our customers to pay these open credit arrangements and limit the credit we extend to what we believe is reasonable based on an evaluation of each customer’s financial condition and payment history, we may still experience losses because of a customer being unable to pay. As a result, while we maintain what we believe to be a reasonable allowance for doubtful receivables for potential credit losses based upon our historical trends and other available information, there is a risk that our estimates may not be accurate. In Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020, and in the nine months ended December 31, 2020, our trade receivables were ₹ 883.92 million, ₹ 1,205.93 million, ₹ 1,294.94 million and ₹ 1,414.20 million, respectively, while our receivable turnover day was 92 days, 84 days, 88 days and 69 days, respectively, in the same periods. For further information, see “ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk – Credit Risk_** ” and “ **_Financial Statements – Note 37: Risk Management_** ” on pages 280 and 235, respectively. Any increase in our receivable turnover days will negatively affect our business. If we are unable to collect customer receivables or if the provisions for doubtful receivables are inadequate, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_13. Our Company, Subsidiary, Directors and Promoters may get involved in litigation proceedings. Any adverse outcome in such proceedings may have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there is no criminal, statutory, tax or material civil litigation which is outstanding involving the Company, Subsidiary, Directors and Promoters. For further information, see “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_** ” on page 284. However, there can be no assurance that in the future, our Company, Subsidiary, Directors and Promoters will not get involved in legal proceedings and these legal proceedings will be decided in our favor. Involvement in such proceedings could divert our management’s time and attention, and consume financial resources. In addition, we cannot assure you that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. Decisions in such proceedings adverse to our interests may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

33 

**_14. We are dependent on our Promoters, management team, a number of Key Managerial Personnel and persons with technical expertise and the loss of or our inability to attract or retain such persons could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are dependent on our Promoters, Directors, senior management and other Key Managerial Personnel as well as persons with technical expertise for setting our strategic business direction and managing our business. Experienced Promoters and senior management team with significant experience in the chemical industry lead us. For further information, see “ **_Our Management_** ” on page 162. We believe that the inputs and experience of our Promoters are valuable for the development of our business and operations and the strategic directions taken by our Company. We are also dependent on our Key Managerial Personnel including our business heads for the day to day management of our business operations. We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain these employees or find adequate replacements in a timely manner, or at all.  Our ability to meet continued success and future business challenges depends on our ability to attract, recruit and train experienced, talented and skilled professionals. Competition for individuals with specialized knowledge and experience is intense in our industry. The loss of the services of any key personnel or our inability to recruit or train a sufficient number of experienced personnel or our inability to manage the attrition levels in different employee categories may have an adverse effect on our financial results and business prospects. Further, as we expect to continue to expand our operations and develop new products, we will need to continue to attract and retain experienced management personnel. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, our results of operations may be adversely affected. 

**_15. Newly developed products may replace our existing products and our research and development efforts may not yield new products, processes and solutions consistently to enable us to remain competitive._** 

New specialty additives for the life science related specialty chemicals and other specialty chemicals may be developed, which may replace our existing products and/or render our existing products obsolete. While we conduct research and development to develop innovative and cost effective products, and to broaden our product range, we may not be able to develop new products consistently. For further information in relation to our R&D efforts, see “ **_Our Business – Research and Development_** ” on page 147. Any reduction in the utility of our products in general or to such industries including due to the emergence of cost effective and more efficient alternatives and the shift of the practice in these industries towards developing our products in-house, may have an adverse impact on the demand for our products and consequently, may have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Further, there can be no assurance that the lack of demand from any one of these industries can be offset by sales to other industries in which our products find application. 

**_16. Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of data security could adversely affect our business._** 

Our business is dependent upon information technology systems, including internet-based systems, to support business processes. For instance, our facilities are connected to our central IT network that facilitates monitoring of our operations and management of supply chain. We also utilize an enterprise resource planning solution which covers production, finance, sales, marketing logistics, purchase and inventory, across all our manufacturing facilities. For further information, see “ **_Our Business – Information Technology_** ” on page 149. The complexity of our computer systems may make them potentially vulnerable to breakdown, malicious intrusion and computer viruses. We cannot assure you that we will not encounter disruptions to our information technology systems in the future and any such disruption may result in the loss of key information or disruption of our business processes, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, our systems are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches, whether by employees or others that may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. Such data security breaches could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, or could lead to the public exposure of personal information (including sensitive personal information) of our employees, customers and others. Any such security breaches could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. 

**_17. Restrictions on import of raw materials and an increase in shipment cost may adversely impact our business and results of operations._** 

In Fiscal 2020 and the nine months ended December 31, 2020, we imported raw materials amounting to ₹ 699.23 million and ₹ 1,172.86 million, respectively, which amounted to 22.44% and 23.63%, respectively, of our total expenses incurred on raw materials. For further information in relation to our raw materials, see “ **_Our Business –_** 

34 

**_Procurement and Raw Materials_** ” on page 145. Some of our raw material imports are regulated by the Manufacture, Storage and Import of Hazardous Chemical Rules, 1989 that, _inter alia_ , allows the concerned authority to take any action if it deems that the chemicals proposed to be imported may cause major accidents or stop an import of chemicals based on safety and environmental considerations. We are unable to assure you that such regulations would not be made more stringent which would consequently restrict our ability to import raw materials from other jurisdictions. We also cannot assure you that, under these circumstances, we will be successful in identifying alternate suppliers for raw materials or we will be able to source the raw materials at favourable terms in a timely manner. Any restriction on import of raw materials could have an adverse effect on our ability to deliver products to our customers, business and results of operations. Further, any increase in export tariff will increase expenses which in turn may impact our business and results of operations. 

# **_18. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

While our Company has not made any dividend payments in the last three Fiscals and the nine months ended December 31, 2020, our Board in its meeting dated February 27, 2021, approved the payment of dividend amounting to ₹ 79,050 on the CCPS of our Company held by KPI LLC before conversion of the same into Equity Shares. For further information, see “ **_Dividend Policy_** ” on page 188. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. The declaration and payment of dividends will be recommended by the Board of Directors and approved by the Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act 2013. We may retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of the business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. Accordingly, realization of a gain on Shareholders’ investments will depend on the appreciation of the price of the Equity Shares. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will appreciate in value. 

# **_19. Any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders’ approval._** 

We propose to utilise the Net Proceeds towards repayment or prepayment of certain borrowings (including accrued interest) availed by our Company and for general corporate purposes. For further details of the proposed objects of the Issue, see “ **_Objects of the Issue_** ” on page 94. At this stage, we cannot determine with any certainty if we would require the Net Proceeds to meet any other expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of competitive environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. In accordance with Sections 13(8) and 27 of the Companies Act 2013, we cannot undertake any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds without obtaining the shareholders’ approval through a special resolution. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to undertake variation in the disclosed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain the shareholders’ approval in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such shareholders’ approval may adversely affect our business or operations. 

Further, our Promoters would be required to provide an exit opportunity to Shareholders who do not agree with our proposal to change the objects of the Issue or vary the terms of such contracts, at a price and manner as prescribed by SEBI. Additionally, the requirement on Promoters to provide an exit opportunity to such dissenting shareholders may deter the Promoters from agreeing to the variation of the proposed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. Further, we cannot assure you that the Promoters or the controlling shareholders of our Company will have adequate resources at their disposal at all times to enable them to provide an exit opportunity at the price prescribed by SEBI. 

In light of these factors, we may not be able to undertake variation of objects of the Issue to use any unutilized proceeds of the Issue, if any, or vary the terms of any contract referred to in the Red Herring Prospectus, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. This may restrict our Company’s ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition by re-deploying the unutilised portion of Net Proceeds, if any, or varying the terms of contract, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**_20. We have issued Equity Shares at prices that may be lower than the Issue Price in the last 12 months_** . 

35 

Our Company has issued 8,081,896 Equity Shares in the last 12 months, in connection with the preferential issue of Equity Shares, at a price lower than the Issue Price. Further, 28,124,900 Equity Shares were issued pursuant to conversion of CCPS in the ratio of 1:1 on October 10, 2020. However, the entire consideration for such Equity Shares (issued pursuant to such conversion) was paid at the time of issuance of such CCPS. For further details, see “ **_Capital Structure – Notes to Capital Structure_** ” on page 77. 

**_21. Our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of Net Proceeds are not appraised by any independent agency, which may affect our business and results of operations._** 

We intend to use the Net Proceeds for the purposes described in “ **_Objects of the Issue_** ” on page 94 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Our funding requirements are based on management estimates and our current business plans and has not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. The deployment of the Net Proceeds will be at the discretion of our Board. However, the deployment of the Net Proceeds will be monitored by a monitoring agency appointed pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations. We may have to reconsider our estimates or business plans due to changes in underlying factors, some of which are beyond our control, such as interest rate fluctuations, changes in input cost, inability to identify suitable location for our restaurants at favourable terms and other financial and operational factors. 

Accordingly, prospective investors in the Issue will need to rely upon our management’s judgment with respect to the use of proceeds. If we are unable to deploy the Net Proceeds in a timely or an efficient manner, it may affect our business and results of operations. 

**_22. Some of our Directors may have interest in entities, which are in businesses similar to ours and this may result in conflict of interest with us_ .** 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, some of our Directors namely, Mr. Anand S Desai, Mr. Milan Thakkar and Mr. Hetul Krishnakant Mehta, have interests in entities that are engaged in businesses similar to ours. Our Promoter and Managing Director, Mr. Anand S Desai is currently on the board of directors of RIRCPL. Mr. Milan Thakkar is currently a director on the board of directors of Arochem Industries Private Limited and is a shareholder of Atharva Exochem Private Limited. Further, one of our Independent Directors Hetul Krishakant Mehta, is currently a director on the board of directors of Praveen Laboratories Private Limited. 

While there is presently no conflict, there is no assurance that our Directors will not provide competitive services or otherwise compete in business lines in which we are already present or will enter into in future. Such factors may have an adverse effect on the results of our operations and financial condition. 

**_23. We are subject to increasingly stringent environmental, health and safety laws, regulations and standards. Non-compliance with and adverse changes in health, safety, labour, and environmental laws and other similar regulations to our manufacturing operations may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our operations generate pollutants and waste, some of which may be hazardous and flammable. We are therefore subject to a wide range of laws and government regulations, including in relation to safety, health, labour, and environmental protection. These safety, health, labour, and environmental protection laws and regulations impose controls on air and water release or discharge, noise levels, storage handling, the management, use, generation, treatment, processing, handling, storage, transport or disposal of hazardous materials, including the management of certain hazardous waste, and exposure to hazardous substances with respect to our employees, along with other aspects of our manufacturing operations. For instance, there is a limit on the amount of pollutant discharge that our manufacturing facilities may release into the air and water. Environmental laws and regulations in India have become and continue to be more stringent, and the scope and extent of new environmental regulations, including their effect on our operations, cannot be predicted with any certainty. In case of any change in environmental or pollution regulations, we may be required to invest in, among other things, environmental monitoring, pollution control equipment, and emissions management and other expenditure to comply with environmental standards. Any failure on our part to comply with any existing or future regulations applicable to us may result in legal proceedings, including public interest litigation, being commenced against us, third party claims or the levy of regulatory fines. Further, any violation of the environmental laws and regulations may result in fines, criminal sanctions, revocation of operating permits, or shutdown of our manufacturing facilities. While there have been no actions undertaken by the relevant authorities/ courts on environmental/ safety/ labour related non-compliances in the past, including in the previous three financial years, there can be no assurance that any material violation 

36 

may not occur in the future which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

As a consequence of unanticipated regulatory or other developments, future environmental and regulatory related expenditures may vary substantially from those currently anticipated. We cannot assure you that our costs of complying with current and future environmental laws and other regulations will not adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. In addition, we could incur substantial costs, our products could be restricted from entering certain markets, and we could face other sanctions, if we were to violate or become liable under environmental laws or if our products become non-compliant with applicable regulations. Our potential exposure includes fines and civil or criminal sanctions, third-party property damage or personal injury claims and clean-up costs. The amount and timing of costs under environmental laws are difficult to predict. 

We are also subject to the laws and regulations governing employees in such areas as minimum wage and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and termination of employees, contract labour and work permits. There is a risk that we may fail to comply with such regulations, which could lead to enforced shutdowns and other sanctions imposed by the relevant authorities, as well as the withholding or delay in receipt of regulatory approvals for our new products. We cannot assure you that we will not be involved in future litigation or other proceedings, or be held liable in any litigation or proceedings including in relation to safety, health and environmental matters, the costs of which may be significant. 

# **_24. Reliance has been placed on declarations and affidavits furnished by one of our Directors for details of his profile included in this Red Herring Prospectus._** 

Our Non-Executive Director, Mr. Milan Thakkar has been unable to trace copies of certain documents pertaining to his educational qualifications. While he has taken the requisite steps to obtain the relevant supporting documentation, including by making written requests and applications to his respective educational institution, he has been unsuccessful in procuring the relevant supporting documentation. 

Accordingly, the Book Running Lead Managers and us have placed reliance on declarations, undertakings and affidavits furnished by our Director to disclose details of his educational qualifications in this Red Herring Prospectus and we have not been able to independently verify these details in the absence of primary documentary evidence. Further, there can be no assurances that our Director will be able to trace the relevant documents pertaining to his educational qualifications in the future, or at all. Therefore, we cannot assure you that all or any of the information relating to his educational qualifications included in “ **_Our Management_** ” on page 162 are complete, true and accurate. 

**_25. Certain Promoters and Directors are interested in our Company’s performance in addition to their remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Certain of our Promoters and Directors are interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses and such interests are to the extent of their shareholding in our Company, their rights to nominate directors on our Board pursuant to such shareholding and interest received against a loan extended to us, amongst others. We cannot assure you that our Promoters and Directors will exercise their rights to the benefit and best interest of our Company. As shareholders of our Company, our Promoters or Directors may take or block actions with respect to our business which may conflict with the best interests of the Company or that of minority shareholders. For further information on the interest of our Promoters and Directors of our Company, other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or normal remuneration or benefits, see “ **_Our Management_** ”, “ **_Our Promoters and Promoter Group_** ” and **_“Financial Statements”_** on pages 162, 178 and 189, respectively. 

# **_26. We have certain contingent liabilities that have not been provided for in our financial statements, which if they materialise, may adversely affect our financial condition._** 

Our Company has issued cumulative compulsory convertible preference shares carrying dividend at 0.01% per annum. The cumulative amount of dividend outstanding was ₹ 79,050, ₹ 57,320, ₹ 64,332, ₹ 37,921 and ₹ 13,524, as of December 31, 2020, December 31, 2019, March 31, 2020, March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018, respectively. For further information on our contingent liabilities, see “ **_Financial Statements – Note 31: Contingent Liabilities and Commitments_** ” on page 229. If a significant portion of these liabilities materialize, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Subsequently, our Board in its meeting dated February 27, 2021, approved the payment of dividend amounting to ₹ 79,050 on the CCPS of our Company held 

37 

by KPI LLC before conversion of the same into Equity Shares. 

**_27. Our business is dependent on our manufacturing facilities and we are subject to certain risks in our manufacturing process. Any unscheduled, unplanned or prolonged disruption of our manufacturing operations could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our business is dependent upon our ability to efficiently manage our manufacturing facilities and the operational risks associated with it, including those beyond our reasonable control. For further information in relation to our manufacturing facilities, see “ **_Our Business - Manufacturing Facilities_** ” on page 143. Any unscheduled, unplanned or prolonged disruption of our manufacturing operations, including, power failure, fire and unexpected mechanical failure of equipments, performance below expected levels of output or efficiency, obsolescence, labour disputes, strikes, lock-outs, earthquakes and other natural disasters, industrial accidents, any significant social, political or economic disturbances or infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could reduce our ability to meet the conditions of our contracts and adversely affect sales and revenues from operations in such period. Disruptions in our manufacturing operations could delay production or require us to temporarily or permanently, cease operations at our manufacturing facilities. For instance, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, operations at certain of our manufacturing facilities were temporarily suspended for a certain period of time. Further, any significant malfunction or breakdown of our machinery may entail significant repair and maintenance costs and cause delays in our operations. In addition, we may be subject to manufacturing disruptions due to contraventions by us of any of the conditions of our regulatory approvals, which may require our manufacturing facilities to cease, or limit, production until the disputes concerning such approvals are resolved. As regulatory approvals are site specific, we may be unable to transfer manufacturing activities to another location immediately. Moreover, some of our products are permitted to be manufactured at only such facilities that have received specific approvals, and any shut down of any such facility, including due to non-renewal of specific approvals, will result in inability to manufacture the relevant products for the duration of such shut down. We may also be required to carry out planned shutdowns of our facilities for maintenance, statutory inspections and testing, or may shut down certain facilities for capacity expansion and equipment upgrades. Further, we may also face protests from local residents at our existing facilities or while setting up new facilities, which may delay or halt our operations. 

Certain raw materials that we use as well as our finished goods are corrosive and flammable and require expert handling and storage, failing which we may be exposed to fires or other industrial accidents. While our Company believes that it has necessary controls and processes in place and provides adequate training to employees who handle such products/ operations, any failure of such systems, mishandling of hazardous chemicals or any adverse incident related to the use of these chemicals or otherwise during the manufacturing process or storage of products and certain raw materials, may cause industrial accidents, fire, loss of human life, damage to our and third-party property and, or, environmental damage. If any industrial accident, loss of human life or environmental damage were to occur we could be subject to significant penalties, other actionable claims and, in some instances, criminal prosecution. In addition to adversely affecting our reputation, any such accidents, may result in a loss of property of our Company and/or disruption in our manufacturing operations entirely, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Similarly, there is no assurance that those of our manufacturing facilities unaffected by an interruption will have the capacity to increase their output to manufacture products for the affected manufacturing facilities, to the extent that all outstanding orders will be filled in a timely manner. In the event of prolonged interruptions in the operations of our manufacturing facilities, we may have to import various supplies and products in order to meet our production requirements, which could affect our profitability. 

**_28. We derive a significant portion of our revenue from certain customers, and the loss of one or more such customers, the deterioration of their financial condition or prospects, or a reduction in their demand for our products could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

We are dependent on a limited number of customers for a significant portion of our revenues. Revenues generated from sales to our top 10 customers represented 86.65% and 84.01% of our revenue from operations in Fiscal 2020 and in the nine months ended December 31, 2020, respectively. For further information in relation to our customers, see “ **_Our Business - Customers_** ” on page 147. While we have developed strong and long-term relationships with certain of our customers, there can be no assurance that our significant customers in the past will continue to place similar orders with us in the future. The loss of one or more of these significant customers or a significant decrease in business from any such key customer, whether due to circumstances specific to such customer or adverse market conditions affecting the chemical industry or the economic environment generally, 

38 

such as the COVID-19 pandemic, may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, one of our agreement provides the customer with the option to purchase similar products from third parties at a lower price, in case we are unable to provide a similar price and that they would not incur liability in this regard, which could result in a reduction in the sale of our products and accordingly, adversely affect our profitability and revenue of operations. 

Our reliance on a select group of customers may also constrain our ability to negotiate our arrangements, which may have an impact on our profit margins and financial performance. The deterioration of the financial condition or business prospects of these customers could reduce their requirement of our products and result in a significant decrease in the revenues we derive from these customers. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain historic levels of business from our significant customers, or that we will be able to significantly reduce customer concentration in the future. The loss of one or more of our significant customers or a reduction in the amount of business we obtain from them could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

# **_29. Our operations are dependent on research and development, and our inability to identify and understand evolving industry trends, technological advancements, customer preferences and develop new products to meet our customers’ demands may adversely affect our business._** 

The life sciences related specialty chemicals, comprising agrochemicals, personal care and pharmaceuticals, and other specialty chemicals, comprising specialty pigments and dyes, and polymers additives, are characterised by technological advancements, introduction of innovative products, price fluctuations and intense competition. The laws and regulations applicable to our products, and our customers’ product and service needs, change from time to time, and regulatory changes may render our products and technologies non-compliant or obsolete. Our ability to anticipate changes in technology and regulatory standards, understand industry trends and requirements, changes in consumer preferences and to successfully develop and introduce new and enhanced products to create new or address unidentified needs among our current and potential customers in a timely manner, is a significant factor in our ability to remain competitive. This depends on a variety of factors, including meeting development, production, certification and regulatory approval schedules; execution of internal and external performance plans; availability of supplier and internally produced parts and materials; performance of suppliers; hiring and training of qualified personnel; achieving cost and production efficiencies; identification of emerging regulatory and technological trends in our target end markets; validation and performance of innovative technologies; the level of customer interest in new technologies and products; and the costs and customer acceptance of the new or improved products. There can be no assurance that we will be able to secure the necessary technological knowledge through our own R&D or through strategic acquisitions that will allow us to continue to develop our product portfolio or that we will be able to respond to industry trends by developing and offering cost effective products. We may also be required to make significant investments in R&D, which may strain our resources and may not provide results that can be monetized. If we are unable to obtain such knowledge in a timely manner, or at all, we may be unable to effectively implement our strategies, and our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Our R&D efforts may not result in new technologies or products being developed on a timely basis or meet the needs of our customers as effectively as competitive offerings. We have invested substantial effort, funds and other resources towards our R&D activities and have set-up a dedicated in-house R&D facility at Sachin, Surat, Gujarat. We have also implemented certain process technologies, such as continuous processes, including flow chemistry and photo chemistry. In Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020, and the nine months ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, our capital expenditures, were ₹ 2,556.08 million, ₹ 2,482.65 million, ₹ 1,803.89 million, ₹ 1,658.95 million and ₹ 1,166.07 million, respectively, representing 74.86%, 49.50%, 34.11%, 44.62% and 21.63%, respectively, of our revenue from operations, in such periods. Further, we incurred ₹ 38.54 million, ₹ 23.25 million, ₹ 19.04 million, ₹ 6.41 million and ₹ 10.75 million as expenditure towards our R&D activities in Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020, and the nine months ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively. However, our ongoing investments in research and development for new products and processes may result in higher costs without a proportionate increase in revenues. Delays in any part of the process, our inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for our products or failure of a product to be successful at any stage could adversely affect our business. Consequently, any failure on our part to successfully introduce new products and processes may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In particular, we are in the process of developing a few products for customers by undertaking continuous photo chemistry technology, which is a relatively new technology for the specialty chemicals manufacturing industry and is yet to be applied on a commercial scale. Further, our competitors may develop competing technologies that gain market acceptance before or instead of our products. In addition, we may not be successful in anticipating or reacting to changes in 

39 

the regulatory environments in which our products are sold, and the markets for our products may not develop or grow as we anticipate. We are also subject to the risks generally associated with new process technologies and product introductions, including lack of market acceptance, delays in product development and failure of products to operate properly which may lead to increased warranty claims. 

**_30. We are subject to risks arising from interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Interest rates for borrowings have been volatile in India in recent periods. Our operations are partly funded by debt and increases in interest rate and a consequent increase in the cost of servicing such debt may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Changes in prevailing interest rates affect our interest expense in respect of our borrowings. A portion of our debt facilities carry interest at variable rates. Although we engage in interest rate hedging transactions or may exercise any right available to us under our financing arrangements to terminate the existing debt financing arrangement on the respective reset dates and enter into new financing arrangements, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so on commercially reasonable terms or that these agreements, if entered into, will protect us adequately against interest rate risks. Further, if such arrangements do not protect us adequately against interest rate risks, they would result in higher costs. In addition, we may experience foreign exchange losses and gains in respect of transactions denominated in foreign currencies. While we selectively enter into hedging transactions to minimize our foreign currency exchange risks, there can be no assurance that such measures will enable us to manage our foreign currency risks. As of December 31, 2020, our aggregate outstanding foreign exchange forward contracts, and interest rate and currency swaps amounted to ₹ 2,149.82 million. Also, see “- **_Exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect our results of operations as our sales from exports and a significant portion of our expenditures are denominated in foreign currencies._** ” on page 44. 

**_31. We do not have long-term agreements with suppliers for our raw materials and an increase in the cost of, or a shortfall in the availability or quality of such raw materials could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

We usually do not enter into long-term supply contracts with any of our raw material suppliers. The terms and conditions on warranties for product quality and return policy are set forth in the purchase orders. Pricing and production volumes are negotiated for each purchase order. There are no contractual commitments other than those set forth in the purchase orders. The purchase price of our raw materials generally follows market prices. The absence of long-term contracts at fixed prices exposes us to volatility in the prices of raw materials that we require and we may be unable to pass these costs onto our customers, which may reduce our profit margins. Further, the purchase prices for our customers are pre-determined either annually or for the duration of the agreement and accordingly, any subsequent variation in the price of the raw materials may not be passed onto our customers. In addition, our raw materials include para chloro phenol and meta dichloro benzene, the prices of which have been volatile in the past ( _Source: F&S Report_ ). We are also required to purchase raw materials from providers nominated by certain of our customers, who are also allowed to review the terms of our arrangements with such raw materials providers. Some of our raw materials also include derivatives of crude oil, such as benzene and toluene. The price of such raw materials is linked to a formula based on the international prices of such raw material and the variations are typically passed on to the customer. 

In Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020 and in the nine months ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, the cost of materials consumed represented 57.18%, 50.87%, 55.90%, 55.42% and 58.22%, respectively, of our revenue from operations in the same periods. Our imported raw materials as a percentage of our total raw materials purchases was 26.01%, 25.95%, 22.44% and 34.70%  in Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020, and the nine months ended December 31, 2020, respectively. Further, imported raw materials from China as a percentage of total raw materials purchases was 11.83%, 17.10% and 12.17% in Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively. The price and availability of such raw materials depend on several factors beyond our control, including overall economic conditions, foreign exchange rate, production levels, market demand and competition for such materials, production and transportation cost, duties and taxes and trade and regulatory restrictions. Raw materials, including packaging materials, are subject to supply disruptions and price volatility caused by various factors such as commodity market fluctuations, the quality and availability of raw materials, currency fluctuations, consumer demand, changes in government policies and regulatory sanctions. 

Our competitiveness, costs and profitability depend, in part, on our ability to source and maintain a stable and sufficient supply of raw materials, such as, phenol and benzene derivatives, bromine, difluorochloromethane, pyrazole, various chloro and fluoro intermediates, solvents, chloro-alkalies and metal catalysts, at acceptable 

40 

prices. For further information, see “ **_Our Business – Procurement and Raw Materials_** ” on page 145. We depend on third-party vendors and suppliers for the purchase of raw materials. We have historically sourced raw materials from multiple vendors in India, China and Japan and continue to diversify our procurement base. Although we have not faced significant disruptions in the procurement of raw materials in the past, the COVID-19 pandemic temporarily affected our ability to source raw materials from vendors China, who were unable to transport raw materials to us. In particular, purchase of raw materials from our suppliers in China, may be hampered due to _inter alia_ supply chain issues, change in government policies (including anti-dumping measures) and international geopolitical situations or any other circumstances which are beyond our reasonable control. The occurrence of any such event may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

While there have been no material disputes with suppliers in the past three financial years that have had an impact on the business operations and financials of our Company, we cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to obtain adequate supplies of our raw materials, in a timely manner, in the future. Any such reductions or interruptions in the supply of raw materials or equipment, and any inability on our part to find alternate sources for the procurement of such raw materials or equipment, may have an adverse effect on our ability to manufacture our products in a timely or cost-effective manner and we may be in breach of our contractual obligations. 

**_32. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from operations from a limited number of markets and any adverse developments in these markets could adversely affect our business._** 

We have historically derived a significant portion of our revenues from operations from a limited number of markets, namely, Europe, Japan and India. Revenue from Europe, Japan and India accounted for 35.97%, 5.83% and 31.95%, respectively, in Fiscal 2020, and 31.43%, 15.32% and 38.66%, respectively, in the nine months ended December 31, 2020. 

The following table sets forth our revenue from operations from the different markets in which we operate and revenues as a percentage of total revenue from operations in the periods indicated: 

|**Region**|**Fisca**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**Operations**<br>**(₹ million)**|**l 2018**<br>**Percentage**<br>**of Total**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**Operations**<br>**(%)**|**Fiscal**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**Operations**<br>**(₹ million)**|**2019**<br>**Percentage**<br>**of Total**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**Operations**<br>**(%)**|**Fiscal**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**Operations**<br>**(₹ million)**|**2020**<br>**Percentage**<br>**of Total**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**Operations**<br>**(%)**|**Nine mon**<br>**Decembe **<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**Operations**<br>**(₹ million)**|**ths ended**<br>**r31, 2020**<br>**Percentage**<br>**of Total**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**Operations**<br>**(%)**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Europe|1,466.68|42.96%|1,847.37|36.84%|1,902.17|35.97%|1,694.63|31.43%|
|Japan|34.70|1.02%|355.44|7.09%|308.15|5.83%|826.02|15.32%|
|USA|27.39|0.80%|71.55|1.43%|194.90|3.69%|53.49|0.99%|
|Singapore|412.91|12.09%|609.54|12.15%|911.35|17.23%|561.88|10.42%|
|India|1,377.62|**40.35%**|2,004.39|**39.97%**|1,689.58|**31.95%**|2,084.69|38.66%|
|Rest<br>of<br>world|94.95|**2.78%**|126.68|**2.53%**|282.65|**5.34%**|171.48|3.18%|
|**Total**|**3,414.26**|**100.00%**|**5,014.97 **|**100.00%**|**5,288.80**|**100.00%**|**5,392.20**|**100.00%**|



For further information on revenues from the various geographies where we export our products, see “ **_Our Business – Exports_** ” on page 147. 

Our revenues from these markets may decline as a result of increased competition, regulatory action, pricing pressures, fluctuations in the demand for or supply of our products or services, or the outbreak of an infectious disease such as COVID-19. Our failure to effectively react to these situations or to successfully introduce new products or services in these markets could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. Further, our international operations are subject to risks that are specific to each country and region in which we operate, as well as risks associated with international operations, in general. These risks include complying with changes in foreign laws, regulations and policies, including restrictions on trade, import and export license requirements, and tariffs and taxes, intellectual property enforcement issues and changes in foreign trade and investment policies. 

**_33. The specialty chemicals industry is capital intensive, and we may need to seek additional financing in the future to support our growth strategies. Any failure to raise additional financing could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

41 

The specialty chemicals industry is capital intensive. We require a substantial amount of capital and will continue to incur significant expenditure in maintaining and growing our existing infrastructure, purchase equipment and develop and implement new technologies in our new and existing manufacturing facilities. In Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020, and the nine months ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, our capital expenditures, were ₹ 2,556.08 million, ₹ 2,482.65 million, ₹ 1,803.89 million, ₹ 1,658.95 million and ₹ 1,166.07 million, respectively, representing 74.86%, 49.50%, 34.11%, 44.62% and 21.63%, respectively, of our revenue from operations, in such periods. For further information, see “ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Capital Expenditures_** ” on page 278. We cannot assure you that we will have sufficient capital resources for our current operations or any future expansion plans that we may have. If our internally generated capital resources and available credit facilities are insufficient to finance our capital expenditure and growth plans, we may, in the future, have to seek additional financing from third parties, including banks, venture capital funds, joint-venture partners and other strategic investors. Our ability to arrange financing and the costs of capital of such financing are dependent on numerous factors, including general economic and capital market conditions and the effect of events such as the COVID-19 pandemic, credit availability from banks, investor confidence, the continued success of our operations and other laws that are conducive to our raising capital in this manner. If we decide to meet our capital requirements through debt financing, we may be subject to certain restrictive covenants. If we are unable to obtain such financing in a timely manner, at a reasonable cost and on acceptable terms or at all, we may be forced to delay our expansion plans, downsize or abandon such plans, which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as our future prospects. 

**_34. We are subject to strict quality requirements, regular inspections and audits, and the success and wide acceptability of our products is largely dependent upon our quality controls and standards. Any failure to comply with quality standards may adversely affect our business prospects and financial performance, including cancellation of existing and future orders which may expose us to warranty claims._** 

All our products and manufacturing processes are subject to stringent quality standards and specifications as specified by our customers in terms of the various contractual arrangements entered into with them. While we believe we undertake the necessary measures and engage internal and external experts to ensure that our facilities comply with the applicable standards as imposed by our customers, any failure on our part to maintain the applicable standards and manufacture products according to prescribed specifications, may lead to loss of reputation and goodwill of our Company, cancellation of the order and even lead to loss of customers. Additionally, it could expose us to monetary liability and/ or litigation. Further, a significant part of our revenue is derived from custom synthesis and manufacturing of specialty chemicals for multinational companies. The agreements with our customers for custom synthesis and manufacturing require us to strictly adhere to the knowhow and technical specifications mentioned therein. Failure to adhere to the know-how and technical specifications mentioned in our agreements may lead to cancellation of existing and future orders or expose us to indemnity and/or warranty claims. Majority of our key customers have also audited and approved our facilities and manufacturing processes in the past, and may undertake similar audits periodically in the future. In addition, certain agreements also require us to retain certain samples of our products supplied to the customers for a specific period of time in order for them to conduct quality checks and inspections. Any such occurrence on account of errors and omission could result in damage to our reputation and loss of customers, which could adversely affect our business, operations, our cash flows and financial condition. Failure to meet quality and standards of our products and processes can have serious consequences including rejection of the product, which will require us to incur additional cost, which will not be borne by the customer, to replace the rejected product, and loss of customer which could have adverse effect on our reputation, business and our financial condition. This may result in our customers cancelling present or future purchases of our products. 

Our business also requires obtaining and maintaining quality certifications and accreditations from independent certification entities. Our Jhagadia Unit – IV is ISO 45001:2018 certified for occupational health and safety management system, while our Sachin Unit – 1, Sachin Unit – 2 and Sachin Unit – 3 have received ISO 9001: 2015 quality management systems certification. For further information, see “ **_Our Business - Quality Control, Testing and Certifications_** ” on page 148. Such specifications and standards of quality is an important factor in the success and wide acceptability of our products. If we fail to comply with applicable quality standards or if the relevant accreditation institute or agency declines to certify our products, or if we are otherwise unable to obtain such quality accreditations in the future, within time or at all, our business prospects and financial performance will be materially and adversely affected. 

The quality of our products is critical to the success of our business, and quality depends on the effectiveness of our quality control system, which, in turn, depends on a number of factors, including the design of our system, 

42 

our quality control training program, and the implementation and application of our quality control policies and guidelines. Any significant failure or deterioration of our quality control system could result in defective or substandard products, which, in turn, may result in delays in the delivery of our products and the need to replace defective or substandard products. As a result, our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

**_35. If any of the products of our customers cause, or are perceived to cause, severe side effects, our reputation, revenues and profitability could be adversely affected._** 

We develop, manufacture and market a diverse range of specialty chemicals, which are primarily used as raw materials for a variety of end user applications. If our customers’ products cause, or are perceived to cause, severe side effects to their end-users, we may face a number of consequences, including, a severe decrease in the demand for, and sales of, the relevant products; the recall or withdrawal of the relevant products; withdrawal or cancellation of regulatory approvals for the relevant production facility; damage to our reputation and brand name; and exposure to lawsuits and regulatory investigation relating to the relevant products that result in liabilities, fines or sanctions. As a result of these consequences, our reputation, revenues and profitability may be adversely affected. 

**_36. Our manufacturing facilities are concentrated in a single region and the inability to operate and grow our business in this particular region may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and future business prospects._** 

Our manufacturing facilities are located at Sachin, Surat, Gujarat and Jhagadia, Bharuch, Gujarat. Any materially adverse social, political or economic development, natural calamities, civil disruptions, or changes in the policies of the state government or state or local governments in this region could adversely affect manufacturing operations, and require a modification of our business strategy, or require us to incur significant capital expenditure or suspend our operations. Any such adverse development affecting continuing operations at our manufacturing facilities could result in significant loss due to an inability to meet customer contracts and production schedules, which could materially affect our business reputation within the industry. The occurrence of, or our inability to effectively respond to, any such events or effectively manage the competition in the region, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and future business prospects. 

**_37. Increasing use of alternative pest management and crop protection measures such as bio technology products, pest resistant seeds or genetically modified crops may reduce demand for our products and adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Alternative pest management and crop protection measures, such as, biotechnology products, pest resistant seeds or genetically modified crops may reduce the demand of our agrochemicals products. In particular, genetically modified crops are crops whose DNA has been altered to provide them with certain desirable characteristics. The characteristics are usually targeted at higher yields, lower sensitivity to weather conditions, and resistance to common pests. In particular, significant research is being carried out to develop and commercialize seed traits that carry resistance to many of the pests, such as insects and fungi, for which farmers currently use crop protection products. Successful commercialization of such traits may result in lower demand for certain of our products. Conversely, there have been instances of species of weeds and insects evolving to have resistance to agrochemicals products designed to control or eradicate them. Such resistance may result in reduced demand for the affected product, which may not be offset by increased sales of alternative products. If we fail to adapt our product range to respond to such developments, demand for our products or their price may decline and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**_38. We are dependent on third party transportation providers for the supply of raw materials and delivery of our products._** 

As a manufacturing business, our success depends on the smooth supply and transportation of the various raw materials required for our manufacturing facilities and of our products from our manufacturing facilities to our customers, or intermediate delivery points such as ports, both of which are subject to various uncertainties and risks. We transport our raw materials and our finished products by road and sea. Our suppliers undertake the delivery of our raw materials and we rely on third party logistic companies and freight forwarders to deliver our products. We do not have formal contractual relationships with such logistic companies and freight forwarders. 

43 

Transportation strikes may also have an adverse effect on supplies and deliveries to and from our customers and suppliers. In addition, raw materials and products maybe lost or damaged in transit for various reasons including occurrence of accidents or natural disasters. There may also be delay in delivery of raw materials and products which may also affect our business and results of operation negatively. A failure to maintain a continuous supply of raw materials or to deliver our products to our customers in an efficient and reliable manner could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any recompense received from insurers or third party transportation providers may be insufficient to cover the cost of any delays and will not repair damage to our relationships with our affected customers. We may also be affected by an increase in fuel costs, as it will have a corresponding impact on freight charges levied by our third party transportation providers. This could require us to expend considerable resources in addressing our distribution requirements, including by way of absorbing these excess freight charges to maintain our selling price, which could adversely affect our results of operations, or passing these charges on to our customers, which could adversely affect demand for our products. 

# **_39. Exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect our results of operations as our sales from exports and a significant portion of our expenditures are denominated in foreign currencies._** 

We have material exposure to foreign exchange related risks since a significant portion of our revenue from operations are in foreign currency, including the US Dollar. In Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020, and the nine months ended December 31, 2020, sales from exports accounted for 59.65%, 60.03%, 68.05% and 61.38%, respectively, of our total revenue from operations in such periods. Similarly, a significant portion of our expenses, including cost of imported raw material as well as certain of our capital expenditure on equipment imported, are denominated in currencies other than Indian Rupees. In Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020, and the nine months ended December 31, 2020, expenses in foreign currency accounted for 20.03%, 17.83%, 17.40% and 24.11%, respectively, of our total expenses in such periods. Any appreciation or depreciation of the Indian Rupee against these currencies can impact our results of operations. We may from time to time be required to make provisions for foreign exchange differences in accordance with accounting standards. 

We may experience foreign exchange losses and gains in respect of transactions denominated in foreign currencies. While we selectively enter into hedging transactions to minimize our foreign currency exchange risks, there can be no assurance that such measures will enable us to manage our foreign currency risks. Certain markets in which we sell our products may be subject to foreign exchange repatriation and exchange control risks, which may result in either delayed recovery or even non-realization of revenue. In addition, the policies of the RBI may also change from time to time, which may limit our ability to effectively hedge our foreign currency exposures and may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. 

**_40. We operate in a hazardous industry and are subject to certain business and operational risks consequent to our operations, such as, the manufacture, usage and storage of various hazardous substances._** 

Our manufacturing processes involve manufacturing, storage and transportation of various hazardous and flammable substances. Accordingly, while we believe we have invested in engineering and safety infrastructure, provided adequate training to our employees and engaged external and internal experts, we may still be subject to operating risks associated with handling of such hazardous materials such as possibility for leakages and ruptures from containers, explosions, and the discharge or release of toxic or hazardous substances, which in turn may cause industrial accidents, fire, personal injury, loss of human life, damage to our and third-party property damage and environmental contamination. While there have been no work related accidents in the past three years, in the event of occurrence of any such accidents, our business operations may be interrupted. Any of these occurrences may result in the shutdown of one or more of our manufacturing facilities and expose us to civil or criminal liability, including significant penalties, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, certain environmental laws imposes strict liability for accident/damages resulting from hazardous substances and any failure to comply with such laws may lead to penalties, fines and imprisonment. 

In addition, our operations are subject to various risks and hazards associated with the manufacturing of our products, which may adversely affect our profitability, including natural calamities, breakdown of operations, loss or shutting down of our manufacturing facilities, failure or substandard performance of equipment, third party liability claims, litigation filed by unsatisfied customers for non-receipt of committed supplies, labour disturbances or strikes due to wage demands, employee frauds and infrastructure failures. Further, our results of operations may fluctuate in the future due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, such as, economic downturn or stagnant economies in India and global markets; any adverse change in international and 

44 

domestic prices for our raw materials; adverse changes in purchasing practices of our customers; adverse fluctuations in the exchange rate of the rupee versus major international currencies, including the US dollar; statutory and/ or regulatory requirements; and competition from global and Indian manufacturing companies, including new entrants in the market. 

**_41. We are required to obtain, renew or maintain statutory and regulatory permits, licenses and approvals to operate our business and our manufacturing facilities, and any delay or inability in obtaining, renewing or maintaining such permits, licenses and approvals could result in an adverse effect on our results of operations. We are also required to be in compliance with  various laws that are applicable to us and any non-compliance may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operation._** 

Our operations are subject to extensive government regulation and we are required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory permits and approvals under central, state and local government rules in the geographies in which we operate, generally for carrying out our business and for our manufacturing facilities. For details of approvals relating to our business and operations, see “ **_Government and Other Approvals_** ” on page 286. 

Several of these approvals are granted for a limited duration. Some of these approvals have expired and we have either made or are in the process of making an application for obtaining the approval for its renewal. For details of pending approvals, see “ **_Government and Other Approvals_** ” on page 286. Further, while we have applied for some of these approvals, we cannot assure you that such approvals will be issued or granted to us in a timely manner, or at all.  If we do not receive such approvals or are not able to renew the approvals in a timely manner, our business and operations may be adversely affected. 

The approvals required by us are subject to numerous conditions and we cannot assure you that these would not be suspended or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged noncompliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business. In addition, these registrations, approvals or licenses are liable to be cancelled or the manufacture or sale of products may be restricted. In case any of these registrations, approvals or licenses are cancelled, or its use is restricted, then it could adversely affect our results of operations or growth prospects. 

Further, we are required to be in compliance with various laws that are applicable to us. We have had instances of certain non-compliances in the past in relation to Companies Act, for instance, non- appointment of company secretary for a certain period and non-compliance with certain corporate governance requirements in relation to composition of our statutory committees. While our Company is in compliance with all corporate governance requirements as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there can be no assurance that such non-compliances will not recur and that the relevant authorities or the RoC will not take cognizance of our non-compliance and impose penalties on us. Further, in the ordinary course of our business, there have been certain instances of delayed filings with ROC with the payment of additional fees. While no legal proceedings or regulatory action has been initiated against our Company in relation to the aforementioned non-compliances, we cannot assure you that no legal proceedings or regulatory actions will be initiated against us in the future in relation to these non-compliances or enquiries made, which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and reputation. 

**_42. Any adverse changes in regulations governing our business, products and the products of our customers, may adversely impact our business, prospects and results of operations._** 

Government regulations and policies of India as well as the countries to which we export our products can affect the demand for, expenses related to and availability of our products. For details of certain sector specific regulations and policies of India, see “ **_Key Regulations and Policies in India_** ” on page 152. We have incurred and expect to continue incurring costs for compliance with such laws and regulations. Any changes in government regulations and policies, such as the withdrawal of or changes in tax benefits, incentives and subsidies or antidumping duties levied by India or other countries, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Further, regulatory requirements with respect to our products and the products of our customers are subject to change. For instance, the Government of India proposed to ban 27 pesticides, including acephate, atrazine, benfuracarb, butachlor, captan, in India for the import, manufacture, sale, transport, distribution and usage on account of their hazardous nature with the potential to cause severe health problems including hormonal changes, carcinogenic, neurotoxic, reproductive and development health effect as well as environmental impacts ( _Source: F&S Report_ ). An adverse change in the regulations governing the development of our products and their usage 

45 

by our customers, including the development of licensing requirements and technical standards and specifications or the imposition of onerous requirements, may have an adverse impact on our operations. Our Company may be required to alter our manufacturing and/or distribution process and target markets and incur capital expenditure to achieve compliance with such new regulatory requirements applicable to us and our customers. We cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with the regulatory requirements. If we fail to comply with new statutory or regulatory requirements, there could be a delay in the submission or grant of approval for manufacturing and marketing new products or we may be required to withdraw existing products from the market. Moreover, if we fail to comply with the various conditions attached to such approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions once received, the relevant regulatory body may suspend, curtail or revoke our ability to market such products and/or we may be deemed to be in breach of our arrangements with our customers. Consequently, there is an inherent risk that we may inadvertently fail to comply with such regulations, which could lead to enforced shutdowns and other sanctions imposed by the relevant authorities, as well as the withholding or delay in receipt of regulatory approvals for our new products, which may adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_43. The demand of our products in foreign countries is subject to international market conditions and regulatory risks that could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

A significant portion of our revenue is generated from the sale of exports across Europe, Japan and United States. In Fiscal 2020 and the nine months ended December 31, 2020, revenue from operations from exports accounted for 68.05% and 61.38%, respectively, of our total revenue from operations in such periods. For further information on revenues from the various geographies where we export our products, see “ **_Our Business – Exports_** ” on page 147. Therefore, any developments in the global specialty chemical industry or the industries in which our customers operate could have an impact on our sales from exports. From time to time, tariffs, quotas and other tariff and non-tariff trade barriers may be imposed on our products in jurisdictions in which we operate or seek to sell our products. There can be no assurance that the European Community and the United States, among others, where we seek to sell our products will not impose trade restrictions on us in future. We may also be prohibited from exporting to certain restricted countries that may be added to a sanctions list maintained by the Government of India or other foreign governments, such as the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons list maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the US Department of Treasury in the United States. Any such imposition of trade barriers may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

**_44. A significant proportion of our revenues are derived from our life science related specialty chemicals segment and any reduction in the demand for such life sciences products could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We derive majority of our revenues from the sale of life sciences related specialty chemicals which comprise agrochemicals, personal care and pharmaceuticals. In Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020, and in the nine months ended December 31, 2020, life sciences related specialty chemicals segment accounted for 92.60%, 93.26%, 95.37% and 93.75% of our revenue from operations, respectively. Accordingly, our revenues are dependent on the end user industries that use our products as an input. However, our revenue from the sale of life sciences related specialty chemicals may decline as a result of, amongst other, (i) seasonality of demand for our customers’ products, which may cause our manufacturing capacities to be underutilized during specific periods; (ii) our customers’ failure to successfully market their products or to compete effectively; (iii) loss of market share, which may lead our customers to reduce or discontinue the purchase of our products; (iv) economic conditions of the markets in which our customers operate; (v) increased competition; (vi) outbreak of infectious disease, such as COVID-19, (vii) pricing pressures; and (viii) regulatory action, which could have an adverse effect on our business and sales to our customers would decline substantially. There can be no assurance that the lack of demand from any one segment can be off-set by sales to other segments in which our products find application. Accordingly, any significant downturn in the life science related specialty chemicals could have a significant impact on our financial condition and our growth prospects. 

**_45. Under-utilization of our manufacturing capacities and an inability to effectively utilize our expanded manufacturing capacities could have an adverse effect on our business, future prospects and future financial performance._** 

All of our existing manufacturing facilities are located in Gujarat. The success of any capacity expansion and expected return on investment on capital expenditure is subject to, among other factors, the ability to procure requisite regulatory approvals in a timely manner; recruit and ensure satisfactory performance of personnel to 

46 

further grow our business; and the ability to absorb additional infrastructure costs and develop new expertise. The product requirements of, and procurement practice followed by, our customers also affect our capacity utilization. In recent times, we have made significant investments for the expansion of our manufacturing capacities and are continuing to undertake additional investments to increase our existing capacity. In case of oversupply in the industry or lack of demand we may not be able to utilise our expanded capacity efficiently. Our aggregate capacity utilization was 86.45%, 75.38%, 59.59% and 74.65% in Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020 and in the nine months ended December 31, 2020, respectively. For further information, see “ **_Our Business - Capacity and Capacity Utilization_** ” on page 144. Under-utilization of our manufacturing capacities over extended periods, or significant under-utilization in the short term, or an inability to fully realize the benefits of our recently implemented capacity expansion, could materially and adversely impact our business, growth prospects and future financial performance. 

We also face the risk that our customers might not place any order or might place orders of lesser than expected size or may even cancel existing orders or make change in their policies, which may result in reduced quantities being manufactured by us resulting in under-utilization of our existing manufacturing capacity. Further, we make significant decisions, including determining the levels of business that we will seek and accept, production schedules, personnel requirements and other resource requirements, based on our estimates of customer orders. The changes in demand for their products (which are in turn manufactured by us) could reduce our ability to estimate accurately future customer requirements, make it difficult to schedule production and lead to over production and utilization of our manufacturing capacity for a particular product. The requirements of our customers are not restricted to one type of product and therefore variations in demand for certain types of products also requires us to make certain changes in our manufacturing processes thereby affecting our production schedules. This may lead to over production of certain products and under production of some other products resulting in a complete mismatch of capacity and capacity utilization. Any such mismatch leading to over or under utilization of our manufacturing facilities could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

# **_46. An inability to effectively manage our growth and expansion may have a material adverse effect on our business prospects and future financial performance._** 

We have experienced stable growth over the past three years. Our total revenue have increased at a CAGR of 24.29% from ₹ 3,491.82 million in Fiscal 2018 to ₹ 5,393.87 million in Fiscal 2020, and was ₹ 3,744.92 million and ₹ 5,631.61 million in the nine months ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively. However, there can be no assurance that our growth strategy will be successful or that we will be able to continue to expand further, or at the same rate. 

The success of our business will depend greatly on our ability to effectively implement our business and growth strategy. Our growth strategies, include, developing innovative process and value engineering, expanding business by capitalizing on industry opportunities and organic and inorganic growth, diversifying our product portfolio and expanding chemical expertise, and focusing on cost efficiency and improving productivity. For further information, see “ **_Our Business – Strategies_** ” on page 137. Our ability to achieve our growth strategies will be subject to a range of factors, including our ability to identify trends and demands in the industry, develop innovative products and technologies, compete with existing companies in our markets, consistently exercise effective quality control, hire and train qualified personnel and undertake complex chemistries. Many of these factors are beyond our control and there is no assurance that we will succeed in implementing our strategy. We may face increased risks when we enter new markets in India and internationally, and may find it more difficult to hire, train and retain qualified employees in new regions. In addition, we may have difficulty in finding reliable suppliers with adequate supplies of raw materials meeting our quality standards. 

Our business growth could strain our managerial, operational and financial resources. Our ability to manage future growth will depend on our ability to continue to implement and improve operational, financial and management information systems on a timely basis and to expand, train, motivate and manage our workforce. There can be no assurance that our personnel, systems, procedures and controls will be adequate to support our future growth. Failure to effectively manage our expansion may lead to increased costs and reduced profitability and may adversely affect our growth prospects. Our inability to manage our business and implement our growth strategy could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and profitability. 

**_47. Our agrochemicals related business is subject to climatic conditions and is cyclical in nature. Seasonal variations and unfavourable local and global weather patterns may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, any change in Government policies towards the_** 

47 

# **_agriculture sector or a reduction in subsidies and incentives provided to farmers could adversely affect our agrochemicals business and result of operations._** 

Our agrochemicals related business is sensitive to weather conditions such as drought, floods, cyclones and natural disasters, as well as events such as pest infestations. There is growing concern that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may have an adverse impact on global temperatures, weather patterns and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. Our revenue from sale of products used by the agrochemicals industry is significantly affected by weather conditions in the agricultural regions in which our products are used. The most important determinant of our sales of such products is the volume of crops planted. Adverse conditions early in the season, especially drought conditions, can result in significantly lower than normal plantings of crops and therefore lower demand for crop protection products. This can result in our sales in a particular region varying substantially from year to year. Weather conditions can also result in earlier or later plantings and affect the levels of pest infestations, which may affect both the timing and volume of our sales or the product mix. In addition, sales of agrochemical products in India are typically seasonal due to the monsoon. 

The agro revenue (revenue from the crop protection segment) out of the total revenue from life science related specialty chemicals for the below mentioned periods is as follows: 

|**Crop protection segment**|**Fiscal**<br>**2018**|**Fiscal**<br>**2019**|**Fiscal**<br>**2020**|**Nine Months ended December**<br>**31, 2020**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Total revenue(in ₹ million)|2,059.67|3,311.49|3,629.04|3,631.21|
|Percentage of revenue from crop protection<br>segment out of the total revenue from life science<br>related specialtychemicals(in %)|65.14%|70.80%|71.95%|71.83%|



Further, the any changes in the regulations and policies in the end-use sectors of our products can also adversely impact our results of operations. For example, any changes in government policies relating to the agriculture sector such as the reduction of government expenditure towards agriculture, the withdrawal of or changes in incentives and subsidies provided to farmers, export restrictions on crops, adverse changes in commodity prices or minimum support prices could affect the ability of farmers to spend on agrochemical products, which in turn could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**_48. The continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations is uncertain and it may be significant and continue to have an adverse effect on our business, operations and our future financial performance._** 

In late 2019, COVID-19 emerged and by March 11, 2020 was declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, repercussions across local, national and global economies and financial markets. In particular, a number of governments and organizations have revised GDP growth forecasts for 2020 downwards in response to the economic slowdown caused by the spread of COVID-19, and it is possible that the COVID-19 pandemic will cause a prolonged global economic crisis or recession. 

The global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has been rapidly evolving and public health officials and governmental authorities have reacted by taking measures, including in the regions in which we operate, such as prohibiting people from assembling in heavily populated areas, instituting quarantines, restricting travel, issuing lockdown orders and restricting the types of businesses that may continue to operate, ‘stay-at-home’ orders, and enforcing remote working regulations. These measures have led to a significant decline in economic activities. No prediction can be made of when any of the restrictions currently in place will be relaxed or when further restrictions will be announced. Although some governments are beginning to ease or lift such restrictions, the impacts from the severe disruptions caused by the effective shutdown of large segments of the global economy remain unknown. 

On March 14, 2020, India declared COVID-19 as a ‘notified disaster’ and imposed a nationwide lockdown announced on March 24, 2020. Subsequently, progressive relaxations have been granted for movement of goods and people and cautious re-opening of businesses and offices. However, since our life science related specialty chemicals operations were determined to be operating in an essential industry, we were allowed to resume operations in a phased manner and by April 15, 2020 all of our facilities restarted operations, subject to certain adjustments in working patterns and limited workforce. The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in some disruptions in 

48 

the supply of raw materials from our domestic and international suppliers during the months of March, April and May 2020. 

The scale of the pandemic and the speed at which the local and global community has been impacted, our quarterly and annual revenue growth rates and expenses as a percentage of our revenues, particularly, in Fiscal 2021, may differ significantly from our historical rates, and our future operating results may fall below expectations. The impact of the pandemic on our business, operations and future financial performance include, but are not limited to the following: 

- result in a complete or partial closure of, or disruptions or restrictions on our ability to conduct, our manufacturing operations and R&D activities, resulting from government action; 

- our inability to source key raw materials as a result of the temporary or permanent closure of the facilities of suppliers of our key raw materials; 

- a significant percentage of our workforce being unable to work, including because of travel or government restrictions in connection with COVID-19, including stay at home order, which could result in a slowdown in our operations; 

- our strategic projects/ proposed products becoming delayed or postponed indefinitely; 

- impact our ability to travel, pursue partnerships and other business transactions and delay shipments of our products; 

- delays in orders or delivery of orders, which will negatively impact our cash conversion cycle and ability to convert our backlog into cash; 

- inability to collect full or partial payments from customers due to deterioration in customer liquidity, including customer bankruptcies or payments to suppliers due to delay in collections or liquidity issue; 

- our inability to access debt and equity capital on acceptable terms, or at all; 

- impact our compliance with the covenants in our credit facilities and other financing agreements and could result in events of default and the acceleration of indebtedness; 

- uncertainty as to what conditions must be satisfied before government authorities completely lift lockdown orders; and 

- the potential negative impact on the health of our employees, particularly if a significant number of them are afflicted by COVID-19, could result in a deterioration in our ability to ensure business continuity during this disruption. 

Any resulting financial impact due to the above cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. While there has been no material adverse impact on account of COVID-19 on our Company’s liquidity/ solvency position, including our ability to service debt, non-fulfilment of the obligations of any existing contracts/ agreements by any party on account of COVID-19 and our Company’s receivables, the extent to which the COVID-19 impacts our business and results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, such as new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions taken globally to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. In addition, we cannot predict the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our customers, suppliers and other business partners, and each of their financial conditions; however, any material effect on these parties could adversely impact us. As a result of these uncertainties, the impact may vary significantly from that estimated by our management from time to time, and any action to contain or mitigate such impact, whether government-mandated or opted by us, may not have the anticipated effect or may fail to achieve its intended purpose altogether. Existing insurance coverage may not provide protection for all costs that may arise from all such possible events. 

As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there is significant uncertainty relating to the severity of long-term adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy, global financial markets and the Indian economy, and we are unable to accurately predict the long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. To the extent that the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this “ _Risk Factors_ ” section. 

**_49. Our commercial success depends on the success of our customer’s products with end consumers. Any decline in the demand for our customer’s products would adversely impact the demand for our products._** 

Our products are used by our customers as raw materials in the production of, amongst others, insecticides, antibacterial and ultra violet protection products, and pharmaceutical products. For further information, see “ **_Our Business – Our Businesses_** ” on page 139. Our commercial success also depends to a large extent on the success of our customers’ products with end consumers. The success of the end products manufactured by our customers 

49 

depends on our customers’ ability to identify early on, and correctly assess consumer market preferences. We cannot assure you that our customers will correctly assess consumer preferences in a timely manner or that demand for goods in which our products are used will not decline. If the demand for the products in which our products are used declines, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation 

# **_50. Our inability to accurately forecast demand or price for our products and manage our inventory may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our business depends on our estimate of the demand for our products from customers. As is typical in the specialty chemicals industry, we maintain a reasonable level of inventory of raw materials, work in progress and finished goods. For further information, see “ **_Our Business – Inventory Management_** ” on page 146. However, if we underestimate demand or have inadequate capacity due to which we are unable to meet the demand for our products, we may manufacture fewer quantities of products than required, which could result in the loss of business. While we forecast the demand and price for our products and accordingly, plan our production volumes, any error in our forecast could result in a reduction in our profit margins and surplus stock, which may result in additional storage cost and such surplus stock may not be sold in a timely manner, or at all. If we overestimate demand, we may incur costs to build capacity or purchased more raw materials and manufacture more products than required. Our inability to accurately forecast demand for our products and manage our inventory may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our ability to maintain as well as expand our international operations is dependent on us providing our products at prices competitive with international as well as local manufacturers. Further, a majority of our business involves having robust supply networks in place. To that extent, if any of our competitors is able to garner a better and more cost efficient supply network, they may be able to provide their products at competitive prices as compared to us. Our inability to price our products at the applicable prices in the international markets, may affect the demand for our products and consequently have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

**_51. We have in the past not incurred the entire of expenditure that we were required to incur under the Companies Act 2013 towards corporate social responsibility._** 

Companies meeting certain financial thresholds are also required to constitute a committee of the board of directors for corporate social responsibility activities and ensure that at least 2% of the average profit/(loss) before tax of the company during three immediately preceding financial years are utilized for corporate social responsibility activities. We have not incurred the entire amount of expenditure that we were required to incur under the Companies Act 2013, towards corporate social responsibility for the last three fiscals and for the nine months ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019. Penalties for instances of non-compliance have been prescribed under the Companies Act 2013, which may result in _inter alia_ , our Company, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel being subject to such penalties and formal actions under the Companies Act 2013. We cannot assure you that we will be able to expend the entire amount required to be spent towards corporate social responsibility in the future or that no regulatory actions will be initiated against us in the future in relation to such non-expenditure, which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and reputation. For details, see “ **_Restated Financial Statements_** ” on page 189. 

**_52. Our growth strategy includes augmenting our organic growth by pursuing selective acquisitions and strategic alliances that provide us access to better infrastructure, industry knowledge, technology expertise and geographical reach and allow us to expand our product offerings and customer base. If we are unable to successfully identify and integrate acquisitions, our growth strategy, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected._** 

We may rely on inorganic growth as a key part of our growth strategy, particularly by pursuing selective acquisitions and strategic alliances that provide us access to better infrastructure, industry knowledge, technology expertise and geographical reach and allow us to expand our product offerings and customer base. We may evaluate opportunities for alliances, collaborations, partnerships, investments and acquisitions that meet our strategic and financial return criteria, and to expand our portfolio of product. We may face several risks in relation to entering into strategic alliances and acquisitions in the future, including, but not limited to, the following: 

>  we may be unable to identify suitable acquisition or investment or strategic alliance targets; 

50 

- we may be unable to arrange for adequate financing on commercially reasonable terms or to negotiate commercially reasonable terms for such acquisitions or investments, or we may incur higher than anticipated costs in relation to proposed strategic transactions; 

- our due diligence processes may fail to identify all the risks, liabilities and challenges in relation to  proposed strategic transactions; 

- we may not be able to achieve the strategic purpose of our proposed acquisitions, investments, alliances, collaborations or partnerships; 

- we may face difficulties in integrating acquired entities’ accounting, management information, human resources and other administrative systems with our own; 

- our management may be distracted or strained by the challenges posed by strategic transactions, or related transition and integration activities; 

- we may fail to maintain the quality and consistency or sustain compliance and due performance of  contractual obligations by our business partners or acquisition targets; 

- our relationships with our current and new employees, distributors, dealers, customers and business  partners may be strained or impaired, as a result of our inability to successfully integrate an acquisition  target; and 

- we may inherit claims or  liabilities, as a result of a strategic acquisition, including claims from erstwhile employees, distributors, dealers, customers, business partners or other third parties. 

Accordingly, we cannot assure you that our future alliances, collaborations, partnerships, investments or acquisitions will prove value accretive to us. In the event that any of the risks discussed above, or any other incidental risks should materialize, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 

# **_53. We may be subject to product liability claims that could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We are exposed to risks associated with product liability claims if the use of our products results in personal injury. The products that we produce are subject to risks such as contamination, adulteration and product tampering during their production, transportation or storage. We face the risk of loss resulting from, and the adverse publicity associated with, product liability lawsuits, whether or not such claims are valid. While our products are extensively researched before being commercialized, there is no certainty of their long-term effects on soil or water supplies and any adverse effects caused by such products could adversely affect our business and reputation. We may also be subject to claims resulting from manufacturing defects or negligence in storage or handling, which may lead to the deterioration of our products, or from defects arising from deterioration in our quality controls. Further, while we seek to conform our products to meet a variety of contractual specifications and regulatory requirements, there can be no assurance that product liability claims or recall claims against us will not arise, whether due to product malfunctions, defects, or other causes. Product liability claims, regardless of their merits or the ultimate success of the defense against them, are expensive. Even unsuccessful product liability claims would likely require us to incur substantial amounts on litigation, divert our management’s time, adversely affect our goodwill and impair the marketability of our products. Although we have obtained product liability coverage and there have been no significant product liability and warranty claims in the past three years, if any product liability claim sustained against exceeds the policy limits, it could harm our business and financial condition. 

# **_54. An inability to maintain adequate insurance cover in connection with our business may adversely affect our operations and profitability._** 

Our operations are subject to various risks inherent in the speciality chemical manufacturing industry including defects, malfunctions and failures of manufacturing equipment, fire, riots, strikes, explosions, loss-in-transit for our products, accidents and natural disasters. Our insurance may not be adequate to completely cover any or all of our risks and liabilities. Further, there is no assurance that the insurance premiums payable by us will be commercially viable or justifiable. In addition, certain of our agreements with customers also provide for us to obtain insurance policy which covers the replacement value for any damaged raw material. While there have been no instances in the past three financial years where claims have exceeded the insurance coverage obtained by our Company, we cannot assure you that, in the future, any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. Our insurance cover for property, plant and equipment as of December 31, 2020 was ₹ 11,378.50 million, while our 

51 

gross block of property, plant and equipment was ₹ 11,262.19 million as of December 31, 2020. Consequently, our insurance cover as a percentage of gross block of property, plant and equipment was 101.03%, as of December 31, 2020. Our inability to maintain adequate insurance cover in connection with our business could adversely affect our operations and profitability. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage as a result of events for which we are not insured, or for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, or which is not covered by insurance, exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, financial performance and cash flows could be adversely affected. For further information on our insurance arrangements, see “ **_Our Business – Insurance_** ” on page 149. 

**_55. Our operations are labour intensive and our manufacturing operations may be materially adversely affected by strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees or those of our suppliers._** 

Our operations are labour intensive and we are dependent on a large labour force for our manufacturing operations. As of December 31, 2020, we had 1,291 permanent employees. The success of our operations depends on availability of labour and maintaining good relationship with our workforce. Shortage of skilled/ unskilled personnel or work stoppages caused by disagreements with employees could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. While we have not experienced any major prolonged disruption in our business operations due to disputes or other problems with our work force in the past, there can be no assurance that we will not experience any such disruption in the future. Such disruptions may adversely affect our business and results of operations and may also divert the management’s attention and result in increased costs. 

Further, we engage independent contractors through whom we engage contract labour for performance of certain functions at our manufacturing units as well as at our offices. Although we do not engage these labourers directly, we are responsible for any wage payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractors. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and our financial condition. 

India has stringent labour legislation that protects the interests of workers, including legislation that sets forth detailed procedures for the establishment of unions, dispute resolution and employee removal and legislation that imposes certain financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment. We are also subject to laws and regulations governing relationships with employees, in such areas as minimum wage and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and terminating of employees and work permits. 

**_56. Our ability to access capital at attractive costs depends on our credit ratings. Non-availability of credit ratings or a poor rating may restrict our access to capital and thereby adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

The cost and availability of capital, among other factors, depend on our credit rating. Our long term and short term bank loan facilities’ credit rating by CRISIL have improved from BBB+/Stable and A2, respectively, to A- /Stable and A2+, respectively, in the past three years. Our credit rating reflects, amongst other things, the rating agency’s opinion of our financial strength, operating performance, strategic position, and ability to meet our obligations. Our inability to obtain such credit rating in a timely manner or any non-availability of credit ratings, or poor ratings, or any downgrade in our ratings may increase borrowing costs and constrain our access to capital and lending markets and, as a result, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, non-availability of credit ratings could increase the possibility of additional terms and conditions being added to any new or replacement financing arrangements. 

**_57. A shortage or non-availability of essential utilities such as electricity and water could affect our manufacturing operations and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our business operations are heavily dependent on continuous and supply of electricity and water which are critical to our manufacturing operations. While our power requirements are met through local state power grid through interstate open access, we cannot assure you that these will sufficient and, or, that we will not face a shortage of electricity despite these arrangements. Further, while water is procured from Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation, any shortage or non-availability of water or electricity could result in temporary shut-down of a part, or all, of our operations at the location experiencing such shortage. Such shut-downs could, particularly if they are for prolonged periods, have an adverse effect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, if we are required to operate for extended periods of time on diesel-generator sets or if we are required 

52 

to source water from third parties, our cost of operations would be higher during such period which could have an adverse impact on our profitability. 

**_58. After the completion of the Issue, our Promoters along with the Promoter Group will continue to collectively hold substantial shareholding in our Company._** 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters and members of the Promoter Group held 75.80% of the share capital of our Company, for details of their shareholding pre and post Issue, see “ **_Capital Structure_** ” on page 81. After the completion of the Issue, our Promoters along with the Promoter Group will continue to collectively hold substantial shareholding in our Company. Upon listing of the Equity Shares on recognized stock exchanges, pursuant to the SSHA and the amendments thereto and the Articles of Association, certain of our Promoters (as defined in the SSHA) (the relevant “ **Group** ”) shall have a right to nominate one Director each, to the Board, as long as such Group holds 15% of the issued and paid-up equity share capital of our Company, on a fully diluted basis. Further, the directors appointed by the Groups may also be appointed on any committee constituted by the Board and on the board of the subsidiaries of our Company. Such nomination right shall be subject to ratification by the shareholders of the Company by way of a special resolution post the listing of the Equity Shares on recognised stock exchanges. For further details in relation to the SSHA, see _“_ **_History and Certain Corporate Matters - Other Material Agreements_** _”_ on page 159. 

Our Promoters will continue to exercise significant influence over our business policies and affairs and all matters requiring Shareholders’ approval, including the composition of our Board, the adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation, the approval of mergers, strategic acquisitions or joint ventures or the sales of substantially all of our assets, and the policies for dividends, lending, investments and capital expenditures. This concentration of ownership also may delay, defer or even prevent a change in control of our Company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of these stockholders. Further, some of our lenders require that our Promoters provide personal guarantees in order to secure debt availed by us. We cannot assure that our Promoters will be amenable to provide such security in future. The interests of the Promoters as our controlling shareholder could conflict with our interests or the interests of its other shareholders. We cannot assure you that the Promoters will act to resolve any conflicts of interest in our favour and any such conflict may adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy or to operate our business. For further details in relation to the interests of our Promoters in the Company, please see _“_ **_Our Promoters and Promoter Group_** _”, “_ **_Our Management_** _” and “_ **_Financial Statements_** _”_ on pages 178, 162 and 189, respectively. 

**_59. Information relating to the installed manufacturing capacity of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates and future production and capacity may vary._** 

Information relating to the installed manufacturing capacity of our facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates of our management that have been taken into account by an independent chartered engineer in the calculation of the installed manufacturing capacity of our manufacturing facilities. These assumptions and estimates include the standard capacity calculation practice of specialty chemicals industry after examining the reactor capacities and other ancillary equipment installed at the facilities, the period during which the manufacturing facilities operated in a year/ period, expected operations, availability of raw materials, expected utilization levels, downtime resulting from scheduled maintenance activities, unscheduled breakdowns, as well as expected operational efficiencies. For further information, see “ **_Our Business - Capacity and Capacity Utilization_** ” on page 144. Further, the requirements of our customers are not restricted to one type of product and therefore variations in demand for certain types of products also requires us to make certain changes in our manufacturing processes thereby affecting our production schedules. We often increase capacity to meet the anticipated demand of our customers or significantly reduce production of certain products depending on potential orders. Certain products require lesser process time whereas certain products require more process time in the same manufacturing set-out that we have installed. Accordingly, actual production levels and rates may differ significantly from the installed capacity information of our facilities or historical installed capacity information of our facilities depending on the product type. Further, the installed capacity, capacity utilisation and other related information may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to capacity information that may be computed and presented by other specialty chemical companies. Undue reliance should therefore not be placed on our historical installed capacity information for our existing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

53 

**_60. Industry information included in this Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from an industry report commissioned by us for such purpose. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical, financial and other industry information is either complete or accurate._** 

We have availed the services of an independent third party research agency, Frost and Sullivan, to prepare an industry report titled “ _Independent Market Report on Crop Protection, Pharmaceuticals and Custom Synthesis_ ” dated December 14, 2020, for purposes of inclusion of such information in this Red Herring Prospectus. Our Company had appointed Frost and Sullivan on September 23, 2020 to prepare this report. Further, this report is a paid report. This report is subject to various limitations and based upon certain assumptions that are subjective in nature. We have not independently verified data from this industry report. Although we believe that the data may be considered to be reliable, the accuracy, completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed and dependability cannot be assured. While we have taken reasonable care in the reproduction of the information, the information has not been prepared or independently verified by us, or the BRLMs or any of our or its respective affiliates or advisors and, therefore, we make no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of such facts and statistics. Due to possibly flawed or ineffective collection methods or discrepancies between published information and market practice and other problems, the statistics herein may be inaccurate or may not be comparable to statistics produced for other economies and should not be unduly relied upon. Further, there is no assurance that they are stated or compiled on the same basis or with the same degree of accuracy as may be the case elsewhere. Statements from third parties that involve estimates are subject to change, and actual amounts may differ materially from those included in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_61. Grants of stock options under our employee stock option plans may result in a charge to our statement of profit and loss account and, to that extent, adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects_** . 

We have issued and propose to continue to issue stock options under the ESOP Scheme. Under Ind AS, the grant of employee stock options results in a charge to our Company’s statement of profit and loss account equal to the difference between the fair value of our Equity Shares determined at the date of grant and the exercise price (which will amortize over the vesting period of these stock options). For further information on the employee stock option schemes of our Company, see “ **_Capital Structure – Employee Stock Option Scheme_** ” on page 90. 

Further, we may continue to introduce such employee stock option schemes in the future, where we issue options to our employees at substantial discount to the market price of the Equity Shares, which may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. The holders of our Equity Shares may experience dilution of their shareholding to the extent that we issue any Equity Shares pursuant to any options issued under our employee stock option schemes. 

**_62. We currently avail benefits under certain export promotion schemes and are entitled to certain incentives. Any change in these benefits and incentives applicable to us or a delay in disbursement of benefits under such schemes may affect our results of operations._** 

We currently avail benefits under certain export promotion schemes as the Merchandise Exports from India Scheme under the Foreign Trade Policy of India and Excise Duty Drawback, which allow us duty free import of certain inputs used for manufacturing and availing excise duty drawbacks. In Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020, and the nine months ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, excise duty drawback income were ₹ 20.67 million, ₹ 28.82 million, ₹ 41.72 million, ₹ 32.68 million and ₹ 34.21 million, respectively, while export benefit (incentive) were ₹ 32.27 million, ₹ 79.97 million, ₹ 70.42 million, ₹ 50.25 million and ₹ 51.09 million, respectively, in the same periods. Any reduction or withdrawal of benefits or our inability to meet any of the conditions prescribed under any of the schemes would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, the benefits/ incentives under such industrial schemes are available to us for a fixed period subject to compliance with various terms and conditions and such incentive are not subject to renewal. However, there can be no assurance that we will continue to enjoy these benefits in the future or will be able to obtain timely disbursement of such benefits. 

**_63. We have, in the past, acquired land from an entity in which our Directors, Mr. Anand S Desai and Mr. Milan Thakkar are interested_** . 

Our Company acquired leasehold rights over plot no. 905/1 GIDC Estate, Jhagadia, Bharuch, Gujarat, from Atharva Exochem Private Limited, one of our Group Companies and Promoter Group member. Our Directors, Mr. Anand S Desai and Mr. Milan Thakkar are interested in Atharva Exochem Private Limited as it shareholders. 

54 

While we believe this transaction was conducted on an arm’s length basis, we cannot assure you that we could not have obtained more favourable terms had such a transaction been entered into with unrelated parties. We also cannot assure you that in the future, we will not be acquiring land from entities in which our Promoters and Directors are interested. For further details, see “ **_Our Management – Interest of Directors – Interest in Land and Property_** ” on page 168. 

# **_64. Our customers may engage in certain transactions in or with countries or persons that are subject to U.S. and other sanctions._** 

U.S. law generally prohibits U.S. persons from directly or indirectly investing or otherwise doing business in or with certain countries that are the subject of comprehensive sanctions and with certain persons or businesses that have been specially designated by the OFAC or other U.S. government agencies. Other governments and international or regional organizations also administer similar economic sanctions. We provide services to our customers, who may be doing business with, or located in, countries to which certain OFAC-administered and other sanctions apply, such as Iran. Although we believe we have compliance systems in place that are sufficient to block prohibited transactions, there can be no assurance that we will be able to fully monitor all of our transactions for any potential violation. Although we do not believe that we are in violation of any applicable sanctions, if it were determined that transactions in which we participate violate U.S. or other sanctions, we could be subject to U.S. or other penalties, and our reputation and future business prospects in the United States or with U.S. persons, or in other jurisdictions, could be adversely affected. We rely on our staff to be up-to-date and aware of the latest sanctions in place. Further, investors in the Equity Shares could incur reputational or other risks as the result of our customers’ dealings in or with countries or with persons that are the subject of U.S. sanctions. 

# **EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

# **_Risks Relating to India_** 

# **_65. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located elsewhere, including India. Adverse economic developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficit, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 

We are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in which we operate. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. Demand for our products may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional and global economies. Economic growth in the countries in which we operate is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports, global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall which affects agricultural production. Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Also, a change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could adversely affect economic conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular and high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our revenues, and as such decrease our operating margins. 

# **_66. Natural disasters, fires, epidemics, pandemics, acts of war, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other events could materially and adversely affect our business._** 

Natural disasters (such as typhoons, flooding and earthquakes), epidemics, pandemics such as COVID-19, acts of war, terrorist attacks and other events, many of which are beyond our control, may lead to economic instability, including in India or globally, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations may be adversely affected by fires, natural disasters and/or severe 

55 

weather, which can result in damage to our property or inventory and generally reduce our productivity and may require us to evacuate personnel and suspend operations. Any terrorist attacks or civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic and political events in India or countries to who we export our products could have a negative effect on us. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the price of the Equity Shares. A number of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to contagious diseases and, for example, have had confirmed cases of diseases such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID-19 virus. A worsening of the current outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic or future outbreaks of COVID-19 virus or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the Indian economy and economic activity in the region. As a result, any present or future outbreak of a contagious disease could have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_67. Adverse geopolitical conditions such as increased tensions between India and China, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Adverse geopolitical conditions such as increased tensions between India and China resulting in any military conflict in the region could adversely affect our business and operations. Such events may lead to countries imposing restrictions on the import or export of products or raw materials, among others, and affect our ability to procure raw materials required for our manufacturing operations. We could also be affected by the introduction of import tariffs in India, or in the countries to which we export our products, or changes in trade agreements between countries. 

# **_68. A downgrade in ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. India’s sovereign rating decreased from Baa2 with a “negative” outlook to Baa3 with a “negative” outlook by Moody’s and from BBB with a “stable” outlook to BBB with a “negative” outlook (Fitch) in June 2020; and from BBB “stable” to BBB “negative” by DBRS in May 2020. India’s sovereign ratings from S&P is BBB-with a “stable” outlook. Any further adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_69. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia,  Russia  and  elsewhere  in  the  world  in  recent  years  has  adversely  affected  the  Indian  economy.  Any worldwide  financial  instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby negatively affect the Indian  economy. Financial disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on our  principal markets. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and  volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. Following the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union (“ **Brexit** ”), there remains significant uncertainty around the impact of Brexit on the general economic conditions in the United Kingdom and the European Union and any consequential impact on global financial markets. 

In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy as well as a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. In  response  to  such  developments,  legislators  and  financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term  effect  of  these  and  other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing  effects. Any significant financial disruption could have a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  business, financial condition and results of operation. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, 

56 

have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets? and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_70. If there is any change in laws or regulations, including taxation laws, or their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect our financial statements_** 

Any change in Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. For instance, the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Ordinance, 2019, a new tax ordinance issued by India’s Ministry of Finance on September 20, 2019, prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. According to this new ordinance, companies can henceforth voluntarily opt in favor of a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which would ultimately reduce the effective tax rate for Indian companies from 34.94% to approximately 25.17%. While we have not opted for the concessional regime and continue to be subject to other benefits and exemptions, any such future amendments may affect our other benefits such as exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemption for interest received in respect of tax free bonds, and long-term capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. 

The Finance Act, 2020 (“ **Finance Act** ”), has, amongst others things, provided a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime, including, without limitation, a simplified alternate direct tax regime and that dividend distribution tax ( **“DDT** ”), will not be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident and are likely be subject to tax deduction at source. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source from such dividend. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. 

Further, a draft of the Personal Data Protection Bill, 2019 has been introduced before the Lok Sabha on December 11, 2019, which is currently being referred to a joint parliamentary committee by the Parliament. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

In addition, we are subject to tax related inquiries and claims. We may be particularly affected by claims from tax authorities on account of income tax assessment, service tax and GST that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into one unified rate of interest with effect from July 1, 2017. 

For instance, the Finance Act, 2019 stipulates any sale, transfer and issue of securities through exchanges, depositories or otherwise to be charged with stamp duty. The Finance Act, 2019 has also clarified that the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2019 may have on our Company’s business and operations. 

Further, the Government of India has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2021, pursuant to which the Finance Act, effective from July 1, 2020, has introduced various amendments. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2020 may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, 

57 

or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. 

**_71. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our services at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our clients thereby reducing our margins._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of transportation, wages, raw materials and other expenses relevant to our business. 

High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our clients, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or increase the price of our products to pass the increase in costs on to our clients. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Further, the Government of India has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

# **_72. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

**_73. A third party could be prevented from acquiring control of us post this Issue, because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian law._** 

As a listed Indian entity, there are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company. Under the Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company subsequent to completion of the Issue. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to our shareholders, such a takeover may not be attempted or consummated because of Takeover Regulations. 

# **_74. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us._** 

Our Company is a company incorporated under the laws of India. A majority of our Company’s Directors and officers are residents of India and a substantial portion of our assets and such persons are located in India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce judgments obtained against such parties outside India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if that court was of the view that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy, or if judgments are in breach or contrary to Indian law. In addition, a party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain approval from the RBI to execute such a judgment or to repatriate outside India any amounts recovered. 

Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13 and Section 44A of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908. India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial 

58 

matters with only a limited number of jurisdictions, such as the United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong. In order to be enforceable, a judgment from a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements established in the Indian Code of Civil Procedure, 1908. The CPC only permits the enforcement and execution of monetary decrees in the reciprocating jurisdiction, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India, including the United States, cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of  money  rendered  by  any  court  in  a  non-reciprocating  territory  for  civil  liability, whether  or  not  predicated  solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be directly enforceable in India. The party in whose favour a final foreign judgment in a non-reciprocating territory is rendered may bring a fresh suit in a competent court in India based on the final judgment within three years of obtaining such final judgment. However, it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought 

n India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or inconsistent with the public policy in India. 

# **_Risks Relating to the Equity Shares and this Issue_** 

# **_75. The trading volume and market price of the Equity Shares may be volatile following the Issue._** 

The market price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate as a result of, among other things, the following factors, some of which are beyond our control: 

- quarterly variations in our results of operations; 

- results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

- results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 

- changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by research analysts and investors; 

- a change in research analysts’ recommendations; 

- announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments; 

- announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us; 

- new laws and governmental regulations applicable to our industry; 

- additions or departures of key management personnel; 

- changes in exchange rates; 

- fluctuations in stock market prices and volume; and 

- general economic and stock market conditions. 

Changes in relation to any of the factors listed above could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_76. The Issue Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Issue._** 

The Issue Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ **_Basis for Issue Price_** ” on page 101 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Issue. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Issue, and may decline below the Issue Price. We cannot assure you that you will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price. 

**_77. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and the Issue may not result in an active or liquid market for the Equity Shares. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and the investors may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Issue, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the stock exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Issue. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations 

59 

in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India and volatility in the Stock Exchanges and securities markets elsewhere in the world. 

# **_78. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of income arising on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares held as investments in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Any capital gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares on a Stock Exchange held for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to long term capital gains in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as whether the sale is undertaken on or off the Stock Exchanges, the quantum of gains and any available treaty relief. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of Securities Transaction Tax (“ **STT** ”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. Further, any capital gains realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will not be chargeable to tax in India in cases where relief from such taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident and the seller is entitled to avail benefits thereunder. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

Similarly, any business income realised from the transfer of Equity Shares held as trading assets is taxable at the applicable tax rates subject to any treaty relief, if applicable, to a non-resident seller. Additionally,  in  terms  of the  Finance  Act,  2018,  which  has  been  notified  on  March  29,  2018  with  effect  from April 1, 2018, the tax payable by an assessee on the capital gains arising from transfer of long term capital asset (introduced as section 112A of the Income-Tax Act, 1961) shall be calculated on such long-term capital gains at the  rate  of 10%,  where  the  long-term capital gains exceed ₹100,000, subject to certain exceptions in case of a resident individuals and HUF. 

# **_79. Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Issue._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited with the Equity Shares within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Issue and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately six Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise any delay in commencing trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

**_80. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked instruments by us may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering of Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares including through exercise of employee stock options, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us or sales of our Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that we will not issue Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares or that our Shareholders will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

60 

**_81. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For further information, see “ **_Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_** ” on page 326. 

**_82. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as Indian GAAP, U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which investors may be more familiar with and may consider material to their assessment of our financial condition._** 

Our Restated Financial Statements for Fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020, and for the nine months ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, have been prepared and presented in conformity with Ind AS. Ind AS differs in certain significant respects from Indian GAAP, IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. If our financial statements were to be prepared in accordance with such other accounting principles, our results of operations, cash flows and financial position may be substantially different. Prospective investors should review the accounting policies applied in the preparation of our financial statements, and consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between these accounting principles and those with which they may be more familiar. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

**_83. Qualified Institutional Buyers and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after the submission of their Bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after closure of the Bid/ Issue Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/ Issue Period and withdraw their Bids until the Bid/ Issue Closing Date. While we are required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within six Working Days from the Bid/ Issue Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by the SEBI, events affecting the investors’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events may limit the Investors’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Issue or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

**_84. Investors may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting on such resolution. 

However, if the law of the jurisdiction the investors are in, does not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our Company filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless our Company makes such 

61 

a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in our Company would be reduced. 

# **_85. The requirements of being a publicly listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a publicly listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the SEBI Listing Regulations, which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. 

Further, as a publicly listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

# **_86. Compliance with provisions of Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act may affect payments on the Equity Shares._** 

The U.S. “Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act” (or “ **FATCA** ”) imposes a new reporting regime and potentially, imposes a 30% withholding tax on certain “foreign passthru payments” made by certain non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries). 

If payments on the Equity Shares are made by such non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries), this withholding may be imposed on such payments if made to any non-U.S. financial institution (including an intermediary) that is not otherwise exempt from FATCA or other holders who do not provide sufficient identifying information to the payer, to the extent such payments are considered “foreign passthru payments”. Under current guidance, the term “foreign passthru payment” is not defined and it is therefore not clear whether and to what extent payments on the Equity Shares would be considered “foreign passthru payments”. The United States has entered into intergovernmental agreements with many jurisdictions (including India) that modify the FATCA withholding regime described above. It is not yet clear how the intergovernmental agreements between the United States and these jurisdictions will address “foreign passthru payments” and whether such agreements will require us or other financial institutions to withhold or report on payments on the Equity Shares to the extent they are treated as “foreign passthru payments”. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the consequences of FATCA, or any intergovernmental agreement or non-U.S. legislation implementing FATCA, to their investment in Equity Shares. 

# **_87. U.S. holders should consider the impact of the passive foreign investment company rules in connection with an investment in our Equity Shares._** 

A foreign corporation will be treated as a passive foreign investment company (“ **PFIC** ”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes for any taxable year in which either: (i) at least 75% of its gross income is “passive income” or (ii) at least 50% of its gross assets during the taxable year (based on of the quarterly values of the assets during a taxable year) are “passive assets,” which generally means that they produce passive income or are held for the production of passive income. 

Our Company believes it was not a PFIC for fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, and does not expect to be a PFIC for the current year or any future years. However, no assurance can be given that our Company will or will not be considered a PFIC in the current or future years. The determination of whether or not our Company is a PFIC is a factual determination that is made annually after the end of each taxable year, and there can be no assurance that our Company will not be considered a PFIC in the current taxable year or any future taxable year because, among other reasons, (i) the composition of our Company’s income and assets will vary over time, and (ii) the manner of the application of relevant rules is uncertain in several respects. Further, our Company’s PFIC status may depend on the market price of its Equity Shares, which may fluctuate considerably. 

62 

