# **SECTION III - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. We have described the risks and uncertainties that we consider material, but these risks and uncertainties may not be the only risks relevant to us, the Equity Shares, or the industry in which we currently operate or propose to operate. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If any or a combination of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial, actually occur, our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. To obtain a complete understanding of our Company, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview”, “Key Regulations and Policies in India” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 222, 141, 242 and 346, respectively, as well as the financial, statistical and other information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and the terms of the Issue including the merits and risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisers about the particular consequences to you of an investment in our Equity Shares. Unless otherwise indicated or context requires otherwise, the financial information included herein is derived from our Restated Consolidated Financial Information for the six months period ended September 30, 2023 and Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021 included in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further details, please see section titled “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 21. Unless the context otherwise requires, under this section, references made to “we”, “us”, “our”, “the Company” or “our Company” refers to BLS E-Services Limited. For further details relating to various defined terms used in our business operations, please see section titled “Definitions and Abbreviations” on page 1._ 

_Unless stated otherwise, industry and market data used in this section have been obtained or derived from publicly available information as well as industry publications and sources such as the “Assessment of Business Correspondents, E-Governance, and other Digital Services in India” dated July 2023, prepared and issued by CRISIL (“_ **_CRISIL Report_** _”), paid and commissioned by our Company for the purposes of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with the Issue. There are no material parts, data or information that have been left out or changed in any material manner. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the CRISIL Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year. Our financial year commences on April 1 and ends on March 31 of the subsequent year, and references to a particular financial year are to the 12 months ended March 31 of that year. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section._ 

# **_Internal Risks_** 

# **_1. We predominantly undertake fee and commission-based activities, and our financial performance may be adversely affected by our inability to generate income from such activities._** 

The pivotal drivers of our revenue are the fees and commissions that we charge for our products and services, including our Business Correspondents, Assisted E-services and E-Governance Services, and the volume achieved from such fees and commissions. The table below set forth the revenue generated from our business segments: 

|**Particular**<br>**s**|**As of Sep**<br>**2023**|**tember 30,**|**Fiscal 202**|**3**|**Fiscal 20**|**22**|**Fiscal 20**|**21**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Amount**<br>**(in**<br>**₹**<br>**lakhs)**|**%**<br>**of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s**|**Amount**<br>**(in**<br>**₹**<br>**lakhs)**|**%**<br>**of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s**|**Amoun**<br>**t (in ₹**<br>**lakhs)**|**%**<br>**of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s**|**Amoun**<br>**t (in ₹**<br>**lakhs)**|**%**<br>**of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s**|
|BC|10,315.2|66.05|14,830.9|61.02|2,149.4|22.23|1,795.5|27.84|
|Business|8||5||9||6||



40 

|**Particular**<br>**s**|**As of Sep**<br>**2023**|**tember 30,**|**Fiscal 202**|**3**|**Fiscal 20**|**22**|**Fiscal 20**|**21**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Amount**<br>**(in**<br>**₹**<br>**lakhs)**|**%**<br>**of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s**|**Amount**<br>**(in**<br>**₹**<br>**lakhs)**|**%**<br>**of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s**|**Amoun**<br>**t (in ₹**<br>**lakhs)**|**%**<br>**of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s**|**Amoun**<br>**t (in ₹**<br>**lakhs)**|**%**<br>**of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s**|
|E-<br>Governanc<br>e|4,426.41|28.34|8,258.27|<br>33.98|7,073.6<br>6|73.15|4,612.0<br>2|<br>71.52|
|Assisted<br>E-Services|876.19|5.61|1,216.85|<br>5.01|446.66|4.62|41.14|<br>0.64|



Fees and commissions received from our business segments viz. Business Correspondents, E-Governance services and the Assisted E-services accounts for almost entire revenue from operations. The fees and commissions we charge from our customers can depend upon a number of factors that are, in part, within our control, which can include our overall business strategy, our expenses related to a particular transaction type, nature of product and service, the volume of transactions for a product or service (where the greater the number of expected transactions will typically result in us setting a smaller fee or commission, and _vice versa_ ), or promotions that we may be running at any given time. Further, they are also dependent upon various external factors, which can include general macro-economic conditions, the market value of certain infrastructure, the supply or demand for a product and service, regulatory instructions and competitive factors with certain other fintech companies, or within certain product/service lines. Competitive factors have and may continue to have an adverse effect on our ability to charge higher fees and commissions to improve our margins. 

Additionally, because we charge our fees and commission primarily on per transaction basis, the volume of transactions that we record is a primary driver of our revenue. The volume of transactions depend upon a number of factors that are, in part, within our control, which can include the number of and availability of BLS Touchpoints, the usability of our customer facing technology and the reliability and capacity of such technology to handle large volumes of transactions, our marketing efforts and customer care initiatives and the extent to which our touchpoints represent our brand(s) in a positive manner. The E-Governance Services offered by us are need based services and depends on the discretion of government. Hence, the volume of transaction in this case depends on the government's decision. Further, the volume of transactions also depends upon various external factors, which can include macro-economic conditions, critical technology and power infrastructure, government initiatives regarding financial inclusion, digitization of transactions and payments in India, competition and global pandemics. 

**_2. None of the e-governance projects are awarded to our Company directly. All of our contracts with respect to E-Governance projects are awarded to our Corporate Promoter, BLS International Services Limited by_** **_<mark>governmental agencies for providing G2C services to the citizens and to BLS Kendras, our subsidiary for providing E- Governance.</mark>_** 

<mark>Our contracts with respect to E-Governance projects are awarded to our Corporate Promoter, BLS International Services Limited through a tender process by the governmental agencies for providing G2C services. As of September 30, 2023, 28.34% of our revenue generated from the contracts. Further, the Punjab Sewa Kendras project operated by the BLS Kendras has reached the end of its contract period from November 27, 2023. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, BLS International Services Limited has signed letter of intent (i) to carry out aadhar enrolments and other related services in Punjab by government of Punjab; and (ii) aadhar data quality check and quality audit service agency by Government of India. These projects will be executed by our Company or through our material subsidiary, BLS Kendras. However, as on date we have not entered into any definitive agreements with respect to the aforementioned projects. Our Company has entered into a master service agreement with our Corporate Promoter i.e. BLS International Services Limited on November 19, 2020 (“</mark> **<mark>MSA</mark>** <mark>”). to secure all e-governance contracts awarded and contracts that may be awarded in future to our Corporate Promoter through competitive tendering process from the various State Governments. Pursuant to the terms of the MSA these e- governance contracts are being executed by our Company in an endeavour to provide differentiated focus and operational efficiency to our E-Governance Services.</mark> 

<mark>While we have also entered into a non-compete agreement with our Corporate Promoter, BLS International Services Limited (including its promoters) in order to ensure that our Corporate Promoter (including its promoters) don’t compete with our Company in relation to E-Governance Services even in cases where our Company do not</mark> 

41 

<mark>meet the eligibility conditions specified in the tendering documents for such services for all future tenders relating to e-governance services. The non-compete arrangement is valid for a period of 5 years within which period we believe that we would have achieved the credentials for participating in e-governance services tenders independently. In light of the above MSA and the non-compete arrangements, we cannot assure you the continuity of such contracts or ability to renew such contract upon expiry at the favourable terms or at all, which may adversely impact on our revenues and results of operations.</mark> 

# **_3. As a result of our limited operating history, we may not be able to compete successfully, and it may be difficult to evaluate our business and future operating results on the basis of our past performance._** 

Our Company has limited experience, having begun its operations as a special purpose vehicle (“ **SPV** ”) in 2016. Thereafter, we acquired Starfin in the month of August 2018 and ZMPL the month of June 2022, which had 1,384 active CSPs and more than 11,500 active CSPs, respectively at the time of acquisition. Further, in October 2022, we acquired BLS Kendras Private Limited, which had 365 Sewa Kendras, in the State of Punjab at the time of acquisition. Sewa Kendras provide E-Governance Services in two out of three zones in the State of Punjab. For further details, please see section titled “ _History and Corporate Structure of the Issuer_ ” on page 246. 

Prior to commencing BC, G2C and B2B2C operations, our Company was incorporated as a SPV for executing G2C contracts and providing citizen centric services in compliance with terms of tender documents by the Corporate Promoter, BLS International Services Limited. Our limited track record in BC segment, such as opening of savings account, fixed deposit including term deposits, recurring deposits etc. and B2B2C operations, such as BLS edutech services, domestic money transfer, pan card application, bus and air ticketing services, railway ticketing services, banking services, AePS enabled cash services, recharges, demat account opening, bill payments, exposes us to risks that more experienced competitors may not face. 

If we are not able to successfully compete in newer business segments, our quality of services may suffer, we may not be able to diversify our portfolio, and we may not be able to lower our cost. Moreover, as a result of our relatively shorter operating history, the limited historical data that is available may not be indicative of our financial position or results of operations for any future periods. 

# **_4. Our Company and our subsidiary, i.e. Zero Mass Private Limited have filed compounding applications before the Regional Director, Northern Region, Delhi and Regional Director, Western Region, Maharashtra, respectively for compounding and adjudication of certain past non-compliances._** 

In accordance with section 139 of the Companies Act, 2013, our Company was required to appoint statutory auditor for a period of 5 years from the conclusion of the AGM held on September 19, 2017, however, at the said AGM of the Company, the statutory auditor was appointed for a period of one year i.e. from the conclusion of the said AGM till the conclusion of the next AGM. In this regard, we have filed a compounding application with the Regional Director, Northern Region, Delhi on February 14, 2023, which is currently pending. The Regional Director, Northern Region vide its order dated September 19, 2023 compounded the offence and levied the compounding fees on the Company for ₹1.00 lakh- and for ₹0.50 lakhs on each of then Directors. The said compounding fees was paid on August 22, 2023 and August 23, 2023 by our Company and each of the Directors, respectively. The relevant statutory compliances were also made to the ROC on 17 October 2023. 

Further, in accordance with section 139 of the Companies Act, 2013, our subsidiary, Zero Mass Private Limited (“ **ZMPL** ”) was required to appoint statutory auditor for a period of 5 years from the conclusion of the AGM held on August 29, 2017, however, at the said AGM of ZMPL, the statutory auditor was appointed for a period of 4 years i.e. from the conclusion of the said AGM till the conclusion of the 14<sup>th</sup> AGM to be held in the year 2021. In this regard, ZMPL has filed a compounding application with the Regional Director, Western Region, Maharashtra on June 8, 2023, which is currently pending. 

Further, in accordance with section 179 of the Companies Act, 2013, ZMPL was required to appoint the Company Secretary (Key Managerial Personnel) through a resolution passed by the Board of Directors, however, ZMPL appointed the Company Secretary of the Company by passing of circular resolution. In this regard, ZMPL has filed an adjudication application with the Registrar of Companies, Maharashtra at Mumbai on June 9, 2023, which is currently pending. The Registrar of Companies, Mumbai, Maharashtra, Ministry of Corporate Affairs vide its order dated October 16, 2023, redirected the said application to its office itself, for compounding instead of adjudication, and the compounding is under process. 

42 

If we are subject to any penalties or other regulatory actions, our reputation, business and results of operation could be adversely affected. There can be no assurance that such lapses will not occur in the future, or that we will be able to rectify or mitigate such lapses in a timely manner or at all. 

**_5. In the past, SEBI had issued summons to our Corporate Promoter, for production of documents and for personal appearance before the investigating authority. Our Corporate Promoter may be subject to investigations, enquiries or legal actions._** 

On January 10, 2023, SEBI _vide_ its email to our Corporate Promoter, sought various information pertaining to the board meeting held on April 13, 2022, to consider the proposal for issue of bonus shares to the equity shareholders of BLS International Services Limited, for which detailed reply was submitted on January 17, 2023. Subsequently, SEBI _vide_ its letter bearing no. SEBI/HO/IVD/ID3/OW/SJ/2023/4418/1 dated February 02, 2023, summoned company secretary of our Corporate Promoter, Mr. Dharak Mehta for production of documents and personal appearance before SEBI on February 10, 2023, in the matter of “trading activities of certain entities in the scrip of BLS International Services Limited”. Consequently, the company secretary of our Corporate Promoter appeared before SEBI. However, as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, SEBI did not seek any additional information from the Corporate Promoter. 

We may be subject to legal action by SEBI and/or the investigating authority in this matter. We cannot assure you that such summons will not result in investigations, enquiries or legal actions by any courts, tribunals or regulatory authorities against us. 

**_6. A substantial portion of the revenue is generated by BC business operated by our subsidiaries, ZMPL and Starfin for our banking partners. The businesses of our banking partners are regulated by the RBI and any change in the RBI’s policies, decisions and regulatory framework could adversely affect our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition._** 

A substantial portion of the revenue is derived from BC business operated by our subsidiaries, ZMPL and Starfin for our banking partners, which primarily consist of opening of savings account, fixed deposit including term deposits, recurring deposits etc. 

Set forth below is our revenue from BC business, including as a percentage of our total revenue from operations, for the periods indicated: 

|||||_(in ₹ lakhs)_|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**As of**||**Fiscals**||
||**September 30,**<br>**2023**|**2023**|**2022**|**2021**|
|Revenue from BC business|10,315.28|14,830.95*|2,149.49|1,795.56|
|Revenue from BC business as a percentage<br>of total revenue from operations (%)|66.05|61.02|22.23|27.84|



_*The sudden increase in our revenue in Fiscal 2023, was on account of acquisition of Zero Mass Private Limited in June 2022._ 

Our banking partners are subject to certain regulations by various government authorities, including the RBI. Introduction of new laws or regulations by the RBI in respect of our arrangement with our banking partners, if promulgated, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Compliance with new regulations governing our banking partners could also result in significant expenditure for them that could cause them to renegotiate or terminate existing agreements, or curtail their operations, which could adversely affect our business and financial performance. Furthermore, any adverse regulatory action that changes a banking partner’s business or adversely affects its financial condition or results of operations, may adversely affect our partnership with such banking partner thereby adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further details, please see section titled _“Risk Factor - If we are unable to maintain successful relationships with merchants our ability to grow our business could also be adversely affected”_ on page 56. 

Certain of these laws and regulations are relatively new and evolving, and their interpretation and enforcement may involve uncertainties. As a result, we may be required to seek and follow additional procedures, modify or adjust certain activities, obtain new and additional licenses, registrations or authorizations and incur additional expenses to comply with such laws and regulations, any of which could adversely affect our future development and business. For instance, we are not required to obtain any authorizations or license from the RBI for undertaking our business in its current form; our banking partners, hold the requisite authorizations and licenses. If any change in laws or regulations requires us to obtain such authorization or licenses from the RBI, we cannot 

43 

assure you that we will be able to obtain such authorizations and licenses in a timely manner, or at all. Failure to obtain the relevant authorization or licenses from the RBI could result in loss of our ability to operate the relevant business, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

To the extent we are unable to enter into arrangements with new banking partners, and/or maintain our relationships with our existing banking partners, our operating results and financial condition could be impacted. Furthermore, the termination of our relationship with any of our banking partners may adversely affect our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_7. Deterioration in the performance of our Subsidiaries may adversely affect our results of operations and our ability to pay dividends on the Equity Shares depends on our ability to obtain cash dividends or other cash payments._** 

We conduct certain of our business operations, particularly Business Correspondents services, through our Subsidiaries and these entities generate a significant portion of our revenue and cash flow. Any default by our Subsidiaries in the performance of their respective obligations could adversely impact our business and results of operations. For further details, please see section titled “ _Our Business - Our Business Segments_ ” on page 231. 

Contribution of our subsidiaries towards the revenue from operations of our Company for six months period ended September 30, 2023 and Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

||**As of s**<br>|**ix months period**<br> <br>||**Fiscals**<br>||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**ended**<br>**2023**|**September**<br>**30,**|**2023**|**2022**|**2021**|
|Revenue from operations (₹ in lakhs)||15,617.88|24,306.07|9,669.82|6,448.72|
|% contribution of ZMPL*||60.67%|56.81%|-|-|
|% contribution of BLS Kendras**||21.39%|30.74%|67.29%|68.13%|
|% contribution of Starfin||7.80%|6.27%|22.32%|27.84%|



_*ZMPL was acquired by our Company in June 2022._ 

_** Punjab Sewa Kendras project operated by BLS Kendras has not been renewed._ 

We will be required to rely on free cash flows and cash dividends from our Subsidiaries. The ability of our Subsidiaries to make payments to us depends largely on their financial condition and ability to generate profits as well as regulatory conditions. In addition, because our Subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities, they will have no obligation to pay any dividends and may be restricted from doing so by contract, including other financing arrangements, other shareholders or partners or the applicable laws and regulations. 

We cannot assure you that our Subsidiaries will generate sufficient profits and cash flows, or otherwise prove willing or able, to pay dividends to enable us to meet our obligations and pay interest, expenses and dividends, if any, on the Equity Shares. Our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected should our equity stake in our Subsidiaries be diluted or in the event they cease to be our Subsidiaries. Further, in the event that the value of our investment in any of our Subsidiaries diminishes significantly, this could have a material adverse impact on our growth, business and results of operations. 

**_8. We are dependent on, and derive a substantial portion of our revenue from, a single customer, one of the largest PSU Bank. Cancellation of the agreement with our top customer could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are dependent on, and derive a substantial portion of our revenue from, a single customer, one of the largest PSU bank. In the six months period ended September 30, 2023 and in Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, our largest customer accounted for 59.75%, 59.47%, 14.89% and 27.27% respectively, of our revenue from operations. We do not have long term arrangement with our customers. We cannot assure you whether these agreements will be renewed in a timely manner. 

To the extent we are unable to enter into arrangements with new banking partners, and/or maintain our relationships with our existing banking partners, our operating results and financial condition could be impacted. Furthermore, the termination of our relationship with any of our banking partners may adversely affect our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

44 

**_9. We provide E-Governance Services only in the states of Punjab, Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal, and accordingly any adverse changes in the conditions affecting these regions can adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our E-Governance Services business accounted for ₹4,426.41 lakhs ₹8,258.27 lakhs, ₹7,073.66 lakhs and ₹4,612.02 lakhs representing 28.34%, 33.98%, 73.15% and 71.52%, respectively of our total revenue as of the six months period ended September 30, 2023 and Fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021. We provide E-Governance Services only in the states of Punjab, Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal. In the event of a regional slowdown in the economic activity in Punjab, Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal or any other developments including political unrest, disruption or sustained economic downturn or natural calamities in those regions affecting the ability of our merchants to continue their operations within their respective communities, or that make our services and/or products in these states less available or attractive and beneficial to the customer, we may experience an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, which are largely dependent on the performance, geo-political and other prevailing conditions affecting the economies of the state. The market for our products and services in Punjab, Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal may perform differently from, and be subject to, market and regulatory developments that are different from the requirements in other states of India. There can be no assurance that the demand for our products and services will grow, or will not decrease, in the future, in these regions. 

**_10. In the past Punjab State e-Governance Society has terminated master service agreement with our Company._** 

In the past, our Company had entered into an agreement dated April 18, 2016, with Punjab State e-Governance Society (“ **PSeGS** ”) for operation, maintenance and management of sewa kendras in certain zones of Punjab which could be pre-closed without cause either by us or by PSeGS with notice **_._** Accordingly, the Punjab State e- Governance Society _vide_ its letter dated January 30, 2018, pre-closed the agreement executed with our Company by exercising its right of termination of agreement for convenience. Therefore, the Company handed over the IT infrastructure to PSeGS. However, under retendering process, we continued to provide the same services by winning the tender again under separate contract from PSeGS in Punjab. We could have otherwise incurred losses if we had not participated and subsequently won the contract from PseGS, under the retendering process. 

While the contracts for our existing E-Governance projects have been awarded to our Corporate Promoter, which we are implementing through the MSA. We have also entered into a non-compete agreement with our Corporate Promoter, BLS International Services Limited (including its promoters) in order to ensure that our Corporate Promoter (including its promoters) don’t compete with our Company in relation to E-Governance Services even in cases where our Company do not meet the eligibility conditions specified in the tendering documents for such services for all future tenders relating to e-governance services. There is no assurance that such contracts cannot be terminated by the relevant State Government authorities in future and upon any such occurrence our revenues and results of operations will be adversely impacted. 

**_11. We presently do not own trademark or logo under which we currently operate and if third parties, including our current or future competitors are able to circumvent our protection measures which are put in place for the protection of trademark, logo and intellectual property and other proprietary rights, our business and reputation would be adversely affected._** 

In the business in which we operate, all our trademarks and other intellectual property rights are our material assets and are crucial to our business operations. We depend on a combination of trademark laws and domain name protection laws to protect our logo, brand name and domain names. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have not obtained trademark registration of our name and logo. Further, we cannot guarantee that our application for registration of the trademarks will be granted by the relevant authority or that there will not be instances where such applications are contested and/or objections are raised by third parties. In the event that we are unable to successfully defend such challenges or objections, we may be unsuccessful in obtaining the registration of our trademarks. In the absence of obtaining registration of these trademarks, we may not be able to initiate an infringement action against any third party infringing on our trademarks. Additionally, the use of trade names or trademarks by third parties which are similar to our trade names or trademarks may result in confusion among customers and loss of business, goodwill and confidence in us. 

While our agreements with our employees and consultants include confidentiality provisions, these agreements may not effectively prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, our intellectual property including our technology, systems and processes and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information or infringement of our intellectual property. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may copy aspects of our processes and 

45 

use information that we consider proprietary. In addition, unauthorized parties may also attempt, or successfully endeavour, to obtain our intellectual property, confidential information, and trade secrets through various methods, including through cybersecurity attacks. If our technical know-how is leaked to our competitors, it could significantly affect our competitive advantage and adversely affect our financial condition and business prospects. 

We may need to litigate to protect our intellectual property or to defend against third party infringement. Any such litigation could be time consuming and costly, and a favourable outcome cannot be guaranteed. We may not be able to detect any unauthorised use or take appropriate and timely steps to enforce or protect our intellectual property. Any inability to use or protect our intellectual property could affect our relationships with our customers, result in costly litigation and divert management’s attention and resources. An adverse ruling arising out of any intellectual property dispute could subject us to liability for damages and could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_12. We are yet to place orders for our technology infrastructure and capital expenditure equipment for which a significant portion of the Net Proceeds are proposed to be utilized. Unavailability or increase in costs of the technology infrastructure and equipment could adversely impact financial condition and our growth prospects. There can be no assurance that we shall be able to successfully deploy such portion of the Net Proceeds as per our estimates._** 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have not placed orders or entered into any definitive agreements for the purchase of technology infrastructure and equipment we propose to utilise for our capital expenditure such as setting up BLS Stores, technology development and Data Centre and Disaster Recovery site. Accordingly, orders worth ₹17,237.01 lakhs in respect of setting up of Data Centre and Disaster Recovery and setting up of BLS stores, which constitute 100% of the total estimated costs of the equipment in relation to setting up the BLS Stores and Data Centre and Disaster Recovery site are yet to be placed. While we have obtained the quotations from vendors in relation to such capital expenditure, most of these quotations are valid for a limited period of time and may be subject to revisions, and other commercial and technical factors. There can be no assurance that we will be able to place orders for such plant and machinery, in a timely manner or at all. The cost of such technology infrastructure and other equipment may escalate due to changes including but not limited to import duties, foreign exchange fluctuations, shortage, or increase in the cost of raw material. Additionally, in the event of any delay in placement of such orders, the proposed schedule of implementation and deployment of the Net Proceeds may be extended till 2025 or may vary accordingly We cannot assure you that we will be able to undertake such capital expenditure within the cost indicated by such quotations or that there will not be cost escalations. For further details, please see section titled “ _Objects of the Issue - Details of Objects of the Issue_ ” on page 108. 

# **_13. Our Group Companies are authorised by their memorandum of association to engage in a similar line of business as our Company and may compete with us._** 

Our Group Companies, namely, BLS E-Solutions Private Limited and BLS IT Services Private Limited, are authorised by their memorandum of association to engage in the same business as that of our Company and may have common pursuits with our Company. While there is currently no active conflict between our Group Companies and our Company, we cannot assure you that there will be no conflict of interest in allocating business opportunities between us and our Group Companies going forward. We have not entered into any non-compete agreement with our Group Companies, and there can be no assurance that our Group Company will not compete with our existing business or any future business that we might undertake or that we will be able to suitably resolve any such conflict without an adverse effect on our business and financial performance. For further details, please see section titled “ _Group Companies_ ” on page 284. 

# **_14. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have not identified any specific targets with whom we have entered into any definitive agreements._** 

While our Company will, from time to time, continue to seek opportunities for investments, acquisitions and strategic alliances that will fit well with our strategic business objectives and growth strategies. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we do not have any identified specific targets with whom we have entered into any definitive agreements. The amount of Net Proceeds to be used for acquisitions may not be the total value or cost of such acquisitions or investments, thereby resulting in a shortfall in raising requisite capital from the Net Proceeds towards such acquisitions or investments. Consequently, we may be required to explore a range of options to raise requisite capital, including utilising our internal accruals and/or seeking debt, including from third party lenders or institutions. 

46 

# **_15. Utilisation of the Net Proceeds from any given Objects may not result in increased revenue or profits._** 

We intend to utilise our net proceeds towards strengthening our technology infrastructure to develop new capabilities and consolidating our existing platforms; funding initiatives for organic growth by setting up of BLS Stores; achieving inorganic growth through acquisitions and general corporate purposes. We believe that our utilization of Net Proceeds towards the Objects will strengthen our technology infrastructure, capitalize our existing network of touchpoints for various cross selling opportunities and generate extra revenue and pursue opportunities for evaluation potential targets for strategic investments for our Company. Further, our successful and timely integration of acquisitions will enable us to capture relevant synergies to integrate acquired businesses into our current operations in a manner that maximizes such synergies. However, we cannot assure we will be able to capitalise through our Objects and our utilisation will result in increased revenue or profits for our Company. 

**_16. There have been instances of delay in filing of GST returns of the Company. We may be subject to regulatory actions and penalties for any such delays and our business, financial condition and reputation may be adversely affected._** 

There have been instances of delays in filing of GST returns, which were due to initial technological hiccups, delay in receipt of fees from PSeGS and other vendors and limited time frame for staff to align with the amendments in the initial years. 

The following table depicts the delays in filing of GST returns and steps taken by the Company to rectify the delay: 

|**_Financial Year_**|**_State_**|**_Return Type_**|**_Total Number of_**<br>**_Establishments_**|**_Establishments_**<br>**_with delayed filings_**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|2022-2023|Delhi|GSTR3B|3|1|
|2021-2022|Punjab|GSTR3B|3|2|
|2019-2020|Punjab|GSTR3B|2|1|
|2018-2019|Punjab|GSTR3B|2|1|
|2017-2018|Punjab|GSTR3B|2|1|



Though we have taken appropriate steps to rectify the delays, we may be subject to regulatory actions and penalties for any such delays and our business, financial condition and reputation may be adversely affected. There can be no assurance that there will be no such instances of delays in future, which may involve litigation, including monetary penalties, which may adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operation. 

**_17. We significantly depend on our merchants for our product and service distribution network. Changes in our relationships, or adverse conditions (such as COVID-19 pandemic), could impair their respective operations and therefore their ability to meet their obligations under our agreements, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our growth, business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our ability to deliver our products and services significantly depends on our merchants and employees. We rely on our merchant network to distribute products and provide services and we rely on our merchant network to provide E-Governance solutions to the customers. In each case, we rely on such merchants to interact with our customers and be the face of our brand. Malfunctions in the software we use, or human error could result in our inability to provide our products and services or cause unforeseen technical problems. 

Further, our subsidiaries, Starfin India Private Limited and Zero Mass Private Limited have approx. 19,362 active CSPs as of September 30, 2023, who are generally retail agents engaged by us to provide banking products and services on behalf of various PSU banks and at locations other than at traditional branches. Additionally, as on September 30, 2023, our Company has over 21,000 touch points across the states of Punjab, Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal and our material subsidiary, BLS Kendras operates over 370 sewa kendras, who generally provide services on behalf of the government. 

We have limited to no control over such merchant described above. We provide training to our merchants and are dependent upon the efforts of such third-parties to distribute our products and services to the end-customer. Our merchants could fail to adequately perform their obligations to us or breach their obligations or fail to renegotiate 

47 

or renew the agreements on commercially reasonable terms. For instance, recently we have blocked an insignificant number of BLS Touchpoints IDs due to suspicious and fraudulent activities. In addition, one or more of those merchants, fail or refuse to work with us and/ or begin working for a competitor, fail to meet certain minimum performance clauses, take advantage of the non-exclusivity of agreements, and begin operating with our competition, become insolvent, or our relationships with such entities may otherwise change adversely, or we may experience high attrition rates with such entities. Further, we might not be able to secure a suitable replacement for that merchant, regardless of whether they distribute some or all our products or service a specific region and/ or community. In addition, to the extent these entities violate laws, other regulatory requirements or their contractual and performance obligations, or act inappropriately in the conduct of their business, our business and reputation could be negatively affected, contracts may be terminated, or penalties could be directly imposed upon us. 

**_18. The confidential information or data of our clients, customers and users of our services may be misappropriated by our merchants or employees and as a result, cause us to breach our contractual obligations in relation to such confidential information._** 

We store confidential information and data of our clients, customers and the users of our services. We cannot assure you that the steps taken by us to protect such data will adequately prevent the disclosure of confidential information by our merchants or an employee and we may not have internal controls and processes to ensure that our merchants or employees do not misappropriate or unlawfully distribute such information. If the confidential information is disclosed by us or is misappropriated by our merchants or employees, our customers or clients may raise claims against us for breach of our contractual obligations. The successful assertion of any claim may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_19. There are pending litigations against our Company, our Promoters, our Subsidiaries and our Group Companies. Any adverse decision in such proceedings may render us / them liable to liabilities / penalties and may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Certain legal proceedings involving our Company, our Promoters, our Directors, our Subsidiaries and our Group Companies are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and authorities. In the event of adverse rulings in these proceedings or consequent levy of penalties, we may need to make payments or make provisions for future payments, and which may increase expenses and current or contingent liabilities. 

A summary of outstanding litigation proceedings involving our Company, our Promoters, our Directors, our Subsidiaries and our Group Companies, as disclosed in section titled “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments”_ on page 380 of this Red Herring Prospectus is provided below: 

|**Category of**<br>**individuals**<br>**/ entities**<br>**_Company_**|**Criminal**<br>**Proceedings**|**Tax**<br>**Proceedings**|**Statutory or**<br>**Regulatory**<br>**Proceedings**|**Disciplin**<br>**actions**<br>**SEBI**<br>**Stock**<br>**Exchang**<br>**against**<br>**Promote**<br>**the last**<br>**years,**<br>**including**<br>**outstand**<br>**action**|**ary**<br>**by**<br>**or**<br>**es**<br>**our**<br>**rs in**<br>**five**<br> <br>**ing**|**Material**<br>**civil**<br>**litigation***|**Aggregate**<br>**amount**<br>**involved** (₹**<br>**in lakhs)**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|By<br>our<br>Company|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil||Nil|Nil|
|Against our|Nil|1|Nil|Nil||1|310.15 +|
|Company|||||||interest @10%|
|**_Subsidiaries_**||||||||
|By<br>our<br>Subsidiaries|18|Nil|Nil|Nil||Nil|17.85|
|Against our|Nil|11|Nil|Nil||4|458.13<sup>#</sup>|
|Subsidiaries||||||||
|**_Promoters_**||||||||



48 

|**Category of**<br>**individuals**<br>**/ entities**|**Criminal**<br>**Proceedings**|**Tax**<br>**Proceedings**|**Statutory or**<br>**Regulatory**<br>**Proceedings**|**Disciplin**<br>**actions**<br>**SEBI**<br>**Stock**<br>**Exchang**<br>**against**<br>**Promote**<br>**the last**<br>**years,**<br>**including**<br>**outstand**<br>**action**|**ary**<br>**by**<br>**or**<br>**es**<br>**our**<br>**rs in**<br>**five**<br> <br>**ing**|**Material**<br>**civil**<br>**litigation***|**Aggregate**<br>**amount**<br>**involved** (₹**<br>**in lakhs)**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|By<br>our<br>Promoters|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil||Nil|Nil|
|Against our|Nil|7|Nil|Nil||1|180.81|
|Promoters||||||||
|<br>**_Directors (oth_**|**_er than Promot_**|**_ers)_**||||||
|By<br>our<br>Directors|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil||Nil|Nil|
|Against our|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil||Nil|Nil|
|Directors||||||||
|**_Group Comp_**|**_anies_**|||||||
|Proceeding<br>against<br>Group<br>Companies<br>which have<br>material<br>impact<br>on<br>our<br>Company|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil||1|52.34 +<br>interest @10%|



_*This comprises the pending proceedings which may have a material impact on our Company, in accordance with the Materiality Policy. ** To the extent quantifiable_ 

_#excludes interest @18 % per annum_ 

We cannot assure you that any of the outstanding litigation matters will be settled in our favour, or that no (additional) liability will arise out of these proceedings. Our Company is in the process of litigating these matters and based on the assessment in accordance with applicable accounting standard, our Company has presently not made provision for any of the pending legal proceedings. In addition to the foregoing, we could also be adversely affected by complaints, claims or legal actions brought by persons, before various forums such as courts, tribunals, consumer forums or sector-specific or other regulatory authorities in the ordinary course or otherwise, in relation to our products and services, our technology and/or intellectual property, our branding or marketing efforts or campaigns or our policies or any other acts/omissions. Further, we may be subject to legal action by our employees and/or ex-employees in relation to alleged grievances such as termination of their employment with our Company. We cannot assure you that such complaints or claims will not result in investigations, enquiries or legal actions by any courts, tribunals or regulatory authorities against us. 

# **_20. The costs of setting up and the risk of unanticipated delays in implementation and cost overruns related to the said upgradation may be higher than expected and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects._** 

We are in the process of setting up design, development, implementation & support of common service portal and mobile application; (ii) setting up of data centre & disaster recovery site in relation to common service portal and mobile application; and (iii) funding initiatives for organic growth by setting up of BLS Stores (collectively “ **Proposed Set-up** ”). The completion of the setting up of the Proposed Set-up is dependent on our ability to arrange finance through Net Proceeds or otherwise, the performance of external agencies which are responsible for inter alia civil and interior works, furniture, fixtures, electrical works and electronic items. We cannot assure you that we will be able to arrange for such finance on time. Further, we cannot assure you that the performance of external agencies will meet the required specifications or performance parameters. We may not be able to 

49 

identify suitable replacement external agencies in a timely manner. If the performance of these agencies is inadequate in terms of the requirements, this may result in incremental cost and time overruns. 

If the actual capital expenditures on setting up the Proposed Set-up significantly exceed our budgets, we may not be able to achieve the intended economic benefits of the Proposed Set-up, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete the aforementioned objects in accordance with the proposed schedule of implementation and any delay could have an adverse impact on our growth, prospects, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_21. We are dependent on application programming interface, technology and server of banks and the government agencies to provide business correspondent services and G2C services._** 

We are dependent on information technology, including application programming interface and server of banks and the government agencies to provide Business Correspondent services and E-Governance Services for delivery of products and services to citizens. Any disruption in information technology systems of the government/banks or our ability to process our transactions efficiently and reliably, including disruptions, may adversely affect our operations, reputation and our financial position. In the industry in which we operate we normally face server issues on the website of the banks and/or government agencies, however, this is generally because of maintenance or technical glitches of the websites. There can be no assurance that we will not experience any failure of application programming interface, technology and server of banks and the government agencies, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. For further details, please see section titled “ _Our Business – Technology_ ” on page 238. 

Weakness, disruption, breach or failure in information technology systems may have significant consequences on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including disabling or malfunctioning of financial, accounting; inability to or a deterioration in servicing our customers on a timely basis or at all; non-availability of certain information for our management in order to enable them to plan for or respond to contingencies and changes in market conditions in a timely manner or at all; and loss of confidential or material data in relation to our business, operations, financial products and services and employees. 

**_22. We rely extensively on our information technology systems and any failure, disruption or weakness in such systems, or breach of data, could adversely affect our operations and reputation. Further, our success depends on our ability to innovate, upgrade and adapt to new technological advances._** 

We are extensively dependent on the information technology systems (“ **IT Systems** ”) provided by various PSU banks and various State Governments for operating our BC business and G2C business, respectively. Further, we are dependent on our IT Systems for operating our assisted e-services business and G2C business (to the extent IT Systems are not provided by any State Government) and our ability to efficiently and reliably process volume of transactions across various locations and delivery channels, as well as for certain critical functions including financial controls, risk management and transaction processing. Any disruption to our IT Systems or our ability to process our transactions efficiently and reliably, including disruptions to our web applications and digital mobile applications, may adversely affect our operations, reputation and our financial position. For further details, please see section titled “ _Our Business – Technology_ ” on page 238. 

In addition, our success will depend, in part, on our ability to respond to and keep pace with new technological advances and emerging payments and consumer trends and other financial services industry standards and practices in a cost-effective and timely basis. The development and implementation of such technology, including with respect to new mobile operating systems, entails significant technical and business risks. There can be no assurance that we will successfully implement new technologies or adapt our transaction processing systems to customer requirements or improving market standards. 

Weakness, disruption, breach or failure in our IT Systems may have significant consequences on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including disabling or malfunctioning of financial, accounting or data processing systems; inability to or a deterioration in servicing our customers on a timely basis or at all; nonavailability of certain information for our management in order to enable them to plan for or respond to contingencies and changes in market conditions in a timely manner or at all; and loss of confidential or material data in relation to our business, operations, financial products and services and employees. 

50 

**_23. Some of our operations involve handling significant amounts of cash, making us susceptible to operational risks, including fraud, petty theft, negligence and embezzlement by our employees or our merchants, which could harm our results of operations and financial position._** 

A substantial portion of our BC business, particularly with respect to the activities associated with payment solutions, continues to be cash based. Our merchants are responsible for handling, collection and depositing of cash, thereby exposing us to the risks of loss, fraud, misappropriation, theft, assault, negligence and unauthorized transactions by such parties. While we seek to prevent or mitigate such risks through internal control measures and capping transactional limits appropriately, we may be unable to adequately prevent or deter such activities in all cases or obtain insurance that adequately covers such risks. In the past, we have experienced acts of fraud, theft, forgery and misappropriation committed by or involving our merchants. These acts involved breach in processes, monetary malpractice and in some circumstances a violation of codes of conduct followed by disciplinary issues. We have filed various First Information Reports (“ **FIRs** ”) and criminal complaints, aggregating to ₹ 17.85 lakhs, to the extent quantifiable in relation to robbery, theft, fraud, cyber fraud, cheating, forgery, and criminal breach of trust. For further details, please see section titled “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments - Litigation involving our Subsidiaries_ ” on 381. 

There can be no assurance that there will be no instances of fraud, theft, negligence and embezzlement, which may involve litigation, including monetary penalties, which may adversely affect our business, reputation and results of operation. 

# **_24. The interests of our Promoters or Directors may cause conflicts of interest in the ordinary course of our business._** 

Conflicts may arise in the ordinary course of decision-making by the Promoters or Board of Directors of our Company. Our Promoters or certain of our non-executive Directors may also be on the board of certain companies engaged in businesses similar to the business of our Company. For instance, our Corporate Promoter has entered into BC agreement with one of the largest PSU bank and is also engaged in the business of providing BC services. However, revenue contribution of BC business of the total revenue of BLS international was not material. 

Pursuant to a non-compete agreement dated July 5, 2023, our Corporate Promoter (including its promoters) have undertaken not to, directly or indirectly, either individually or collectively, bid for any project for which our Company is entitled to bid, not acquire any interest in any business or services competing with our business except such projects which have already commenced. Any violation, non-compliance (whether in whole or in part) or unenforceability of such non-compete obligations may have an adverse effect on the results of our operations and financial condition. Further, there is no assurance that our Directors will not provide competitive services or otherwise compete in business lines in which we are already present or will enter into in future. Such factors may have an adverse effect on the results of our operations and financial condition. 

# **_25. Our Independent Director, Manoj Joshi is associated with Morepen Laboratories Limited (“Morepen”), which was debarred from accessing capital markets by SEBI for a period of one year._** 

Our Independent Director, Manoj Joshi is associated with Morepen, as an Independent Director which was debarred from accessing capital markets by SEBI for a period of one year in 2019. SEBI had conducted investigation into Morepen and observed that GDR issue was in violation of certain regulations issued by SEBI, read with SEBI Act. During the investigation, it emerged that the allegation was towards wrongful issuance of the GDRs by Morepen whereby SEBI initiated proceeding against the Morepen and its directors. The whole-time member of SEBI vide order dated September 24, 2019 (“ **Order** ”), debarred only Morepen from accessing capital markets for one year for making misleading disclosures about the issuance of global depository receipts (GDRs) way back in 2003. No orders were passed against Manoj Joshi. Being aggrieved by the Order, Morepen filed an appeal before the Securities Appellate Tribunal. Securities Appellate Tribunal vide order dated April 15, 2021 (“ **SAT Order** ”), allowed the appeal filed by Morepen. Further, SEBI being aggrieved by the SAT Order, filed a civil suit against Morepen before the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India wherein Manoj Joshi was not a party. The matter is currently pending. In the meantime, while the aforementioned proceedings were on going, Morepen has also repaid its loans in which it had defaulted after undergoing a corporate debt restructuring process and has received no due certificates from its lenders. 

While the adjudication proceedings initiated against Manoj Joshi has been dismissed by an order dated May 20, 2021. Although no regulatory action/ litigation is pending against Manoj Joshi in relation to GDR issue of Morepen, we cannot assure you that our directors we will not be subject to penalties or litigations by regulatory authorities. 

51 

**_26. Cybersecurity threats continue to increase in frequency and sophistication. A successful cybersecurity attack could interrupt or disrupt our information technology systems or cause the loss of confidential or protected data, which could disrupt our business, force us to incur excessive costs or cause reputational harm_** 

We interact with our customers and facilitate them with a one-stop digital online platform for all of our offerings. Accordingly, through the ordinary course of business, we collect, store, process, transfer, and use a wide range of confidential information, including personally identifiable information, for various purposes, including to follow government regulations and to provide services to our customers and counterparties. The information we collect may be sensitive in nature and subject to a variety of privacy, data protection, cybersecurity, and other laws and regulations. Due to the sensitivity and nature of the information we process, as well as the size and complexity of our information systems, we and our third-party service providers are the target of, defend against and must regularly respond to cyberattacks, including from malware, phishing or ransomware, physical security breaches, or similar attacks or disruptions. If our security measures are breached or unauthorized access to customer data is otherwise obtained, our solutions may be perceived as not being secure, and we may incur significant liabilities. Our solutions involve regular monitoring by a dedicated team, transfer of data in encrypted form and data purging at server level wherein data can be stored for limited time at particular server unless required pursuant to any applicable law, could result in the loss of this information, which in turn could result in litigation, breach of contract claims, indemnity obligations, reputational damage and other liability for our Company. 

While we have invested in the protection of data and information technology, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent or quickly identify service interruptions or security breaches. Any such interruption or breach of our systems could adversely affect our business operations and result in the loss of critical or sensitive confidential information or intellectual property, and could result in financial, legal, business and reputational harm to us. These risks also reside with third party service providers and partners with whom we conduct business. While there have been no instances of cybersecurity breaches in the past three Fiscals. However, our business could be materially and adversely impacted by security breaches of the data and information of agent and customer data and information, either by unauthorized access, theft, destruction, loss of information or misappropriation or release of confidential data. 

Cybersecurity risks for technology-focused companies have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, increased digitization of our products and services and the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions. In addition, cybersecurity risks have significantly increased in recent years in part due to the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime affiliates, terrorist organizations, hostile foreign governments, disgruntled employees or vendors, activists and other external parties, including those involved in corporate espionage. Even the most advanced internal control environment may be vulnerable to compromise. Targeted social engineering attacks and “spear phishing” attacks are becoming more sophisticated and are extremely difficult to prevent. Persistent attackers may succeed in penetrating defenses given enough resources, time, and motive. The techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently, may not be recognized until launched and may not be recognized until well after a breach has occurred. The risk of a security breach caused by a cyber-attack via a merchant, or by unauthorized merchant access has also increased in recent years. 

Indian and international laws or regulators, as well as our contractual partners, may also require notice in event of a security breach that involves personally identifiable information, and these disclosures may result in negative publicity, loss of confidence in our security measures, regulatory or other investigations, the triggering of indemnification and other contractual obligations, and other adverse effects to our ecosystem and operations. We may also incur significant costs and loss of operational resources in connection with remediating, investigating, mitigating, or eliminating the causes of security breaches, cyberattacks, or similar disruptions after they have occurred, and particularly given the evolving nature of these risks, our incident response, disaster recovery, and business continuity planning may not sufficiently address all of these eventualities. The retention and coverage limits in our insurance policies may not be sufficient to reimburse the full cost of responding to and remediating the effects of a security breach, cyberattack, or similar disruption, and we may not be able to collect fully, if at all, under these insurance policies or to ensure that the insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. 

# **_27. Any disruption of our internet connections could affect the success of our internet-based products and services and certain parts of our physical distribution._** 

Any system failure, including network, software or hardware failure, that causes an interruption in our network or a decrease in the responsiveness of our website, apps or back-end infrastructure could result in reduced user traffic and reduced revenue. Continued growth in internet usage could cause a decrease in the quality of internet 

52 

connection service. If these outages, delays or service disruptions frequently occur in the future, usage of our webbased services could grow slower than anticipated or decline and we may lose revenues and customers. These systems are also vulnerable to damage from fire, floods, and earthquakes, acts of terrorism, power loss, telecommunications failures, break-ins and similar events. The controls implemented by our third-party service providers may not prevent or timely detect such system failures. We do not own any insurance to compensate us for losses that may occur. In addition, our users depend on internet service providers, online service providers and other website operators for access to our website. These providers could experience outages, delays and other difficulties due to system failures unrelated to our systems. 

**_28. We have and will continue to introduce new products and services, and we cannot assure you that such products and services will be profitable now or in the future. Further, we may not be able to develop new products or services necessary to effectively respond to rapid technological changes._** 

We have and will incur significant costs to expand our range of products and services and we cannot assure you that such products and services will be successful, whether due to factors within or outside of our control, such as general economic conditions, a failure to accurately understand customer demand and distribution and market requirements or insufficient focus by management on these new products and services. We may not be able to accurately assess and manage all of the opportunities and risks associated with some of these products and services, which may lead to an increase in expenses and/or a decrease in revenue. Further, these operations may be accompanied by operating and marketing challenges that may be different from those we have previously encountered. 

In addition, if we fail to successfully offer our new products and services in an increasingly competitive market, our future results of operations and growth strategies could be adversely affected. We may also require approvals from regulatory authorities before we commence offering certain products and services. If we fail to obtain such approvals in a timely manner, or to develop and launch such products and services successfully, we may lose a part or all of the costs incurred in the development of such offerings with third parties, or discontinue these offerings, or have strategic relationships damaged, which could in turn adversely affect our business, reputation and results of operations. 

To be successful, we must adapt to rapidly changing technological and market needs, by continually enhancing and introducing new products and services to address our customers' changing demands. The marketplace in which we operate is characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, frequent new product and service introductions, shifting distribution channels, and changing customer demands. We could incur substantial costs if we need to modify our services or infrastructure in order to adapt to changes affecting our market, and we may be unable to effectively adapt to these changes. 

As part of our growth strategy, we intend to diversify our products and services portfolio and in doing so, we may encounter certain additional risks including management and market-related risks. We cannot assure you that such diversification or expansion of operations will yield expected results, as our overall profitability and success will be subject to various factors, including, among others, our ability to effectively recruit, retain and motivate appropriate and experienced operational and managerial talent, and ability to compete with other payments solutions providers, financial technology companies and travel services providers, some of which are already well established in these market segments. Our inability to effectively manage any of these issues could adversely affect our business and future financial performance. 

**_29. Our international expansion efforts may not be successful or may subject our business to increased risks. We rely on partnerships with our merchants to expand our geographical presence in international markets. Any disruption in these partnerships or our inability to develop additional partnerships in the international markets could have an adverse effect on our growth, business and results of operations._** 

In an attempt to expand internationally, we are exploring partnerships with national and State Governments for delivery of ICT based citizen centric services. Our Corporate Promoter, BLS International has made applications to Government of United Kingdom, Government of South Africa, Government of Australia, Government of Vietnam, Government of Sri Lanka, Government of Singapore, Government of Philippines, Government of Mauritius, Government of Kenya, Government of Brazil; Government of Nepal and Government of Myanmar for setting up citizen services centers by providing government and non-government services to citizens by promoting local entrepreneurship, should any of these materialize, our Company will be implementing the same. For further details, please see sections titled “ _Our Business – Our Strategies – Grow our merchants and BLS Stores network_ ” and “ _Objects of the Issue – Details of the Offer - Funding initiatives for organic growth by setting up of BLS Stores_ ” on pages 229 and 108, respectively. We do not have any business experience overseas and may not be 

53 

able to replicate the success of our business in these newer geographies. Developing new markets requires significant investments of time and resources, and may present new and difficult technological, operational and compliance challenges which may lead to higher costs and/or lower transaction volume than we have historically experienced. If we expand into new geographic regions, we will need to understand and comply with various new requirements applicable to us in those regions. If we experience service disruptions, failures, or other issues, our business may be materially and adversely affected and it could damage or reputation, and limit our growth, business and prospects. Our expansion into newer geographies may not recoup our investments in a timely manner or at all. Further, failure to forecast demand or growth accurately in new geographies, or eventual reputational damage from engaging in or withdrawing from these geographies, could have a material adverse impact on our growth, business and results of operations. 

Even if our international expansion efforts are successful, expanding operations into new geographic markets will subject our business to increased risks, including but not limited to: 

- increased licensing, regulatory and compliance requirements, including those governing data protection, money-laundering and tax; 

- competition from service providers or other entrenched market participants that have greater experience in the local markets than we do; 

- changes to the way we do business as compared with our current operations, including increased costs, increased exchange rate exposure and exposure to regional economic and political instability; 

- a lack of acceptance of our products and services; 

- the ability to support and integrate with local financial institution partners and other third-party service providers; 

- difficulties in staffing, recruiting, retaining and managing qualified employees for our foreign operations; 

- potential tariffs, sanctions, fines or other trade restrictions; 

- exchange rate exposure; and 

- regional economic and political instability. 

As a result of these risks, our international expansion efforts may not be successful or may be hampered, which would limit our ability to grow our business. 

# **_30. We may not be able to renew our agreements which could have a material adverse effect on our growth, business, financials and results of operation._** 

We have entered into agreements with various state governments and various banks for our E-Governance and Business Correspondents business, respectively. The agreements entered with such government entities and banks are for a definite term and the relevant authorities may float tenders for such projects after expiry of the current term. Further, the Punjab Sewa Kendras project operated by the BLS Kendras has reached the end of its contract period from November 27, 2023. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, BLS International Services Limited has signed letter of intent (i) to carry out aadhar enrolments and other related services in Punjab by government of Punjab; and (ii) aadhar data quality check and quality audit service agency by Government of India. These projects will be executed by our Company or through material subsidiary, BLS Kendras. However, as on date we have not entered into any definitive agreements with respect to the aforementioned projects. For further details, please see section titled “ _Our Business- Key Projects_ ” on page 54. For instance, the project awarded by Punjab State e-Governance Society to our Material Subsidiary, BLS Kendras will expire in August 2023. Further, the Punjab State e-Governance Society has floated Request for Proposal (“ **RFP** ”) dated July 27, 2023, inviting bids to select service operator(s) to operate, manage, and maintain the sewa kendras established in urban and rural areas of the state of Punjab. There can be no assurance that we will be awarded such project at the end of the tender process which could have a material adverse effect on our growth, business, financials and results of operation. 

**_31. We may not be able to provide solutions that meet our clients’ requirements, which could lead to clients discontinuing their work with us, which in turn could harm our business._** 

54 

We provide E-Governance solutions that meet requirements and offer our capabilities and expertise to the Central Government and respective State Governments, regulators, financial and non-financial institutions to create large scale E-Governance solutions. Our IT enabled E-Governance Services generated revenue from operations of ₹4,426.41 lakhs, ₹8,258.27 lakhs, ₹7,073.66 lakhs and ₹4,612.02 lakhs representing 28.34% 33.98%, 73.15% and 71.52%, respectively of our total revenue in the six months period ended September 30, 2023, and in the Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In recent years, we have been expanding the nature and scope of our engagements by extending the breadth of solutions and services that we offer through authorised BCs, which include, birth and death certificates to property registration. 

The increased breadth of our service offerings may result in larger and more complex client projects. This will require us to establish closer relationships with our clients and potentially with other technology service providers and vendors and require a more thorough understanding of our clients’ operations. Our ability to establish these relationships will depend on a number of factors including the proficiency of our technology professionals and our management personnel. We may face challenges to successfully diversify and develop our services in response to evolving trends and demands may adversely affect our growth and negatively impact our profitability. Our service offerings may fail to accurately address our clients’ or users requirements and may not generate the returns as anticipated. We may be required to discontinue such offering and we may not be able to recover the expenses incurred in developing and launching such offerings. There can be no assurance that there are no other services that will be discontinued in future. Thus, if we are unable to attain a thorough understanding of our clients’ operations, our service offerings may not effectively meet client needs and jeopardize our client engagements, which may negatively impact our revenues and financial condition. 

Any inability to manage the scale of operations could cause clients to lose confidence in our offerings and may choose not to use our products or services. Further, it may also adversely impact our reputation as a provider of large-scale solutions which may in turn adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Larger projects often involve multiple components, engagements or stages, and a client may choose not to retain us for additional stages or may cancel or delay additional planned engagements for various reasons unrelated to the quality of our services and outside of our control, such as the business or financial condition of our clients or the economy in general. Further, at the end of the term of the project, we may be required to participate in a fresh tender process for the existing project. In the event, we are unable to bid competitively or are not re-appointed, our financial condition, cash flows and results of operation could be adversely impacted. These terminations, cancellations or delays may make it difficult to plan for project resource requirements, which may have a negative impact on our profitability. Additionally, the business departments of our clients are increasingly making or influencing technology-related buying decisions. If we are unable to establish business relationships or if we are unable to articulate the value of our technology services to these business functions, our revenues may be adversely impacted. 

**_32. Our inability to obtain, renew or maintain our statutory and regulatory permits and approvals required to operate our businesses may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows._** 

We are required to obtain various statutory and regulatory permits and approvals to operate our business which requires us to comply with certain terms and conditions to continue our operations. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there are no material approvals applied for by our Company and Material Subsidiaries but yet to receive and there are no material approvals required but not obtained or applied for by our Company and Material Subsidiaries. Failure to obtain these permits and approvals may result in imposition of fines and penalties by the relevant regulator. Further, the said approvals and permits also require us to comply with certain terms and conditions, and in the event that we are unable to comply with any or all of these terms and conditions or seek waivers or extensions of time for complying with these terms and conditions, we may be subject to stringent restrictions on our operations. This may result in the interruption of all or some of our operations and may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results and cash flow. In the event that we are unable to obtain, renew or maintain statutory permits and approvals or comply with regulatory requirements, it may result in the interruption of all or some of our operations, imposition of penalties and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial performance and reputation. 

In addition, we are required to obtain certain approvals in the normal course of our business such as employee provident fund, employees’ state insurance corporation registration and tax registrations. For further details, please see section titled “ _Government and Other Approvals”_ on page 387. Further, our approvals and licenses are subject to numerous conditions, some of which are onerous and may require us to incur substantial expenditure in order to comply with such conditions. We may not, at all times, have all the approvals required for our business. For 

55 

details in relation to our pending applications, please see section titled “G _overnment and Other Approvals”_ on page 387. We cannot assure that the approvals, licenses, registrations or permits issued to us will not be suspended or revoked, or that applicable penalties will not be imposed on us in the event of non-compliance with any terms and conditions. We may also incur substantial costs related to litigation if we are subject to significant regulatory action, which may adversely affect our business, future financial performance and results of operations. 

# **_33. If we are unable to maintain successful relationships with merchants our ability to grow our business could also be adversely affected._** 

We believe that continued growth in our business is dependent upon identifying, developing, and maintaining strategic relationships with additional merchants that can drive substantial revenue. Our agreements with our existing merchants are non-exclusive, so our merchants may offer customers the products of several different companies, including products that compete with ours. They may also cease marketing our products with limited or no notice and without penalty. Furthermore, our agreements with our existing merchants are not renewed automatically and the continuity of our relationship with them is subject to fresh negotiations. These factors have contributed to the limited revenue to date generated from our relationships with our existing touchpoints. As such, there may be periods before renewals where we do not have any contractual arrangements with any merchants. We cannot assure you that we will be able to renew our existing relationships with our merchants, on favourable terms or at all, and you should not rely on continuity of our existing relationships with them. 

We expect that any additional BLS Touchpoints we identify and develop will be similarly non-exclusive and not bound by any requirement to continue to market our products. If we fail to identify additional BLS Touchpoints in a timely and cost-effective manner, or at all, or are unable to assist our current and future BLS Touchpoints in independently selling and deploying our array of products and services, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. If our BLS Touchpoints do not effectively market and sell our products and services, or fail to meet the needs of our customers, our reputation and ability to grow our business could also be adversely affected. 

# **_34. Employee misconduct or failure of our internal processes or procedures could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain customers and subject us to significant legal liability and reputational harm._** 

Our business is exposed to the risk of employee misconduct or the failure of our internal processes and procedures. For example, misconduct by employees could involve the improper use or disclosure of confidential information, which could result in costly litigation and serious reputational or financial harm. While we strive to monitor, detect and prevent fraud or misappropriation by our employees, through various internal control measures, internal policies and insurance coverage, the precautions we take to prevent and detect such activity may not be effective in all cases and we may be unable to adequately prevent or deter such activities in all cases. While we have been able to identify such issues in the past and such issues were not material, there could be instances of fraud and misconduct by our employees which may go unnoticed for certain periods of time before corrective action is taken. In addition, we may be subject to regulatory or other proceedings, including claims for alleged negligence, in connection with any such unauthorized transaction, fraud or misappropriation by our employees, which could adversely affect our goodwill, business prospects and future financial performance. Even when we identify instances of fraud and other misconduct and pursue legal recourse or file claims with our insurance carriers, we cannot assure you that we will recover any amounts lost through such fraud or other misconduct. 

**_35. Stringent and changing laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection could result in claims, harm our results of operations, financial condition, and prospects, or otherwise harm our business._** 

We are subject to a numerous laws, rules, directives, and regulations, as well as contractual obligations, relating to the processing privacy and the collection, storing, sharing, use, disclosure, and protection of certain types of data, including personal information. 

As part of our operations, we are required to comply with the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the rules thereof, which provides for civil and criminal liability including compensation to persons affected, penalties and imprisonment for various cyber related offenses, including unauthorized disclosure of confidential information and failure to protect sensitive personal data. India has already implemented certain privacy laws, including the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and or Information) Rules, 2011, which impose limitations and restrictions on the collection, use, disclosure and transfer of personal information. 

56 

Additionally, the Parliament passed the Digital Personal Data Protection Act, 2023 (“ **DPDP Act** ”) on August 9, 2023. The DPDP Act received the assent of the President and was notified on August 11, 2023. The DPDP Act seeks to balance the rights of individuals to protect their personal data with the need to process personal data for lawful and other incidental purposes. As part of our operations, we are required to comply with the DPDP Act and the rules thereof. For further details, please see section titled “ _Key Regulations and Policies in India_ ” on page 242. Our failure to adhere to or successfully implement processes in response to changing regulatory requirements in this area could result in legal liability or impairment to our reputation in the marketplace, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Compliance with data protection laws (including those regarding security breach notification) affecting personal information to which we are subject could result in higher compliance and technology costs and could restrict our ability to provide certain products and services (such as products or services that involve us sharing personal information with third parties or storing personal information), which could materially and adversely affect our financial position and could reduce income from certain business initiatives. 

Complying with privacy and data protection laws and regulations may cause us to incur substantial operational costs or require us to change our business or privacy and security practices. We may not be successful in our efforts to achieve compliance either due to internal or external factors, such as resource allocation limitations or a lack of cooperation from third parties. Although we have not received complaints or notifications from third parties, alleging that we have violated applicable privacy and data protection laws and regulations, we cannot assure you that this will not occur in the future. 

Non-compliance could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities, customers, or others. We may also experience difficulty retaining or obtaining new customers in these jurisdictions due to the legal requirements, compliance cost, potential risk exposure, and uncertainty for these entities, and we may experience significantly increased liability with respect to these consumers pursuant to the terms set forth in our agreements with them. 

# **_36. Any failure to maintain quality of customer service, products and ability to deal with customer complaints in a timely manner could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results._** 

Our business is significantly affected by the overall size of our retail and corporate customer base, which is determined in part by our ability to provide consistent and quality customer service. We provide customer support at all stages of our product and service offering, through call centres, e-mail and web-based support. If we fail to provide quality customer service, our customers may be less inclined to use our services, or recommend us to new customers, and may channel their payments, remittance, or pre-paid card requirements through our competitors. If service providers or third parties experience difficulty in meeting our requirements for quality and customer service standards including any operational or system interruptions, our reputation could suffer, and our business could be adversely affected. In the event one or more of our contracts with such service providers or third parties is terminated on short notice, we may be unable to find alternative service providers on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Further, the quality of the service provided by a new or replacement service provider may not meet our requirements for quality and customer service standards, which could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

# **_37. If we are unable to implement our growth strategies, our operations may suffer and our performance may be adversely affected._** 

We have witnessed growth in our business. Our total income for the six months period ended September 30, 2023 and for the Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021 was ₹15,804.53 lakhs, ₹24,629.27 lakhs, ₹9,839.56 lakhs and ₹6,523.35 lakhs, growing at a CAGR of 94.31% between Fiscals 2021 to 2023. We intend to strategically grow our network of merchants in existing and new geographies in India to attract new customers as well as expand our digital outreach to consumers. Any such growth in our distribution touchpoints or products and services that we pursue may not be profitable immediately or at all or may take more time than is planned to break even, and failure to do so within a reasonable period may adversely affect our profitability. Historical growth and the speed of such growth is not indicative of any future growth or speed of such growth. 

Our recent growth rates may not be indicative of our future growth. We will need to enhance, improve and monitor our financial, accounting, information technology, administrative and operational infrastructure and internal capabilities in order to manage the future growth of our business. We cannot assure you that we will succeed in doing so, as it is subject to many factors beyond our control. In addition, we are likely to compete with other entities that offer the same or similar products and services as us. Factors such as competition, customer 

57 

requirements, regulatory regimes, culture and business practices in these new markets may differ from those in our existing markets. 

As we plan to expand our geographic footprint in India, our business may be exposed to additional challenges, including obtaining additional governmental or regulatory approvals, identifying and collaborating with local businesses with whom we may have no existing relationship, successfully marketing our products and services in markets in which we have no or low familiarity, attracting customers in a market in which we do not have significant experience or visibility, maintaining standardized systems and procedures, adapting our marketing strategy and operations to new markets in India and internationally in which different languages are spoken, higher technology costs, upgrading, expanding and securing our technology platform in physical locations, operational risks including integration of internal controls and procedures, compliance with KYC, anti-money laundering and other regulatory norms, ensuring merchants and customer satisfaction, recruiting, training and retaining skilled personnel, failure to manage service providers in relation to any outsourced services and difficulties in the integration, with our existing network. To address these challenges, we may have to make significant investments that may not yield desired results or incur costs that we may not be able to recover. If we are unable to implement our planned growth strategies, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows will be adversely affected. 

# **_38. Our Registered Office and Corporate Office are located on land parcels that are not owned by us and are held by us on a leasehold basis. In the event we lose or are unable to renew such leasehold rights, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected._** 

As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Registered Office and Corporate Office, are held on a leasehold basis. Further, the premises from which BLS Touchpoints and the BLS Stores operate are not owned / leased by our Company and are owned / leased by respective merchants. Set out in the table below are details of the address of our Registered Office and our Corporate Office: 

|**Particulars**|**Address**|
|---|---|
|Registered Office|G-4B-1, Extension, Mohan Co-operative Indl. Estate Mathura Road, South Delhi,<br>New Delhi–110044, India|
|Corporate Office|Plot no. 865, Udyog Vihar, Phase V Gurugram, Haryana–122016, India|
|<br>Other Office|<br>8<sup>th</sup>Floor, A-842, Tower A, Bestech Business Tower, Sector – 66, Mohali, SAS Nagar,<br>Punjab–160059, India|
||Floor no. 910, Indraprakash Building, Barakhamba Road, New Delhi–110001, India|



For further details, please see section titled “ _Our Business – Our Properties_ ” on page 240. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to renew our leases on commercially acceptable terms, or at all. In the event that we are required to vacate our current premises, we would be required to make alternative arrangements and we cannot assure that the new arrangements will be on commercially acceptable terms. If we are required to relocate our business operations, we may suffer a disruption in our operations or have to pay increased charges, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

# **_39. Our Corporate Promoter, in the past, has been involved in certain monitoring actions which may adversely impact our business and reputation._** 

As a part of SEBI and Stock Exchanges initiative to enhance market integrity and safeguard the interest of investors, the concept of additional surveillance measure (“ **ASM** ”) was introduced. The ASM list is a list of companies whose securities are being monitored on a daily basis due to factors like price fluctuation, volatility, volume variance, etc. In the past three fiscals, there have been a few instances wherein our Corporate Promoter, BLS International Services Limited, was shortlisted under both long-term and short-term ASM at different stages. However, at present our Corporate Promoter is not shortlisted under any ASM. Further, we cannot assure you that any such instance will not occur in future and any such future instance may have loss of reputation and diversion of management’s attention or other recourses. 

# **_40. Our future growth may depend in part on acquiring other businesses and successfully integrating them._** 

In the past, we have made acquisitions to broaden our product and service offerings, expand our operations, and enter new geographic markets. We may continue to make selective acquisitions to engage in other appropriate business investments or arrangements that we believe will strengthen us. However, the continued success of our acquisition program will depend on our ability to find and buy attractive businesses at a reasonable price, to obtain 

58 

any lender or other consents required under our credit facilities or other agreements, to access the requisite financing resources, if needed, and to integrate acquired businesses into our existing operations. Our ability to do so is not assured and may be limited by a number of factors. 

Any future acquisitions that we may undertake could be difficult to integrate, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely impact our operating results. Future business acquisitions subject us to a variety of risks, including those risks associated with an inability to efficiently integrate acquired operations, higher incremental cost of operations, outdated or incompatible technologies, labor difficulties, or an inability to realize anticipated synergies, whether within anticipated time frames or at all. One or more of these risks, if realized, could have an adverse impact on our operations. Among the integration issues related to acquisitions are: 

- potential incompatibility of business cultures; 

- potential delays in integrating diverse technology platforms; 

- potential need for additional disclosure controls and internal controls over financial reporting; 

- potential difficulties in coordinating geographically separated organizations; 

- potential difficulties implementing common internal business systems and processes; 

- potential conflicts in third-party relationships; and 

- potential loss of customers and key employees and the diversion of the attention of management from other ongoing business concerns. 

Our ability to succeed will depend on the synergies we are able to achieve through the integration of acquired entities. In addition, there are certain litigations which are on-going with minority shareholders in relation to certain of our acquired entities. For details regarding such litigation, please see section titled “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 380. 

Acquisitions may also disrupt our ongoing business, divert our resources and require significant management attention that would otherwise be available for ongoing development of our current business. In addition, we may be required to make additional capital investments or undertake remediation efforts to ensure the success of our acquisitions, which may reduce the benefits of such acquisitions. We also may be required to use a substantial amount of our cash or issue debt or equity securities to complete an acquisition or realize the potential of an alliance, which could deplete our cash reserves and/or dilute our existing stockholders. If any of these risks were to play out, it could have a material adverse impact on the results of our operations and financial condition. 

**_41. Because we recognize revenue from portal usage fees for some of our services, over the term of the subscription, downturns or upturns in new business may not be immediately reflected in our operating results._** 

In our Assisted E-Services business segment, we generally recognize revenue from customers rateably over their subscription by way of monthly portal usage fee, branding fee, etc. Our Assisted E-services business accounted for ₹876.19 lakhs, ₹1,216.85 lakhs, ₹446.66 lakhs and ₹41.14 lakhs, representing 5.61%, 5.01%, 4.62% and 0.64%, respectively of our total revenue in the six months period ended September 30, 2023 and the Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021. A decline in new or renewed subscriptions will negatively impact our revenue in future. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales and market acceptance of our services, and potential changes in our attrition rate, may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. Our subscription model also makes it difficult to rapidly increase our revenue through additional sales in any period, as revenue from new customers must be recognized over the applicable subscription term. 

**_42. We depend on the continued service of our merchants and employees, and our business and growth prospects may be disrupted if we lose our merchants and employees’ services or if employee costs increase._** 

We may not be able to identify, attract or retain merchants and employees with the skillsets we require in a timely manner, on commercially favourable terms or at all. Although we have agreements with merchants, we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain such merchants. Further, if we are unable to offer competitive salaries to 

59 

our employees and commissions to merchants within the stipulated time, we may not be able to retain them. Our financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected by any of the foregoing. 

Further, we also depend on our merchants and employees to perform our operations, deliver our services and grow our business. If any of our merchants and/or employees are not properly trained, incentivized or motivated to perform our services in accordance with our quality standards, operating procedures or applicable laws, this may adversely affect our brand and our business. Any non-compliance by our employees with our quality standards, operating procedures, safety regulations or applicable laws or any malicious acts, including making disparaging or unauthorized statements in the public press about our business or causing personal harm to any of our clients in the course of performing their employment, could damage our reputation and subject us to claims and loss of business. We may also become subject to regulatory/ legal proceedings, which impose service quality standards on us. This may adversely affect our business, operations and financial condition. 

# **_43. Our inability to cater to unanticipated surges or increases in transaction volumes may adversely impact our financial performance._** 

Continued increases in transaction volumes may require us to expand and adapt our network and technology infrastructure to avoid interruptions to our systems and technology. Any unanticipated surges or increases in transaction volumes across any or all of our products may cause interruptions to our systems and technology, reduce the number of completed transactions, increase expenses, and reduce the level of customer service, and these factors could adversely impact our reputation and, thus, diminish consumer confidence in our systems, which may result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_44. The prices that we can charge for our E-Governance Services are dependent on recommended or mandatory fees or commissions are fixed under the terms of the agreements entered into with governments agencies._** 

The prices that we charge for our services are fixed under the contracts we enter with government agencies. Reference prices of E-governance Services or pricing limits imposed by the government may limit our ability to determine or revise the prices of the services we offer. Other than certain escalation terms, we have limited ability to determine the prices of the services we offer for our E-Governance Services. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. Further, if the governments implement mandatory pricing regimes, our margins could deteriorate which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

# **_45. If we are unable to meet our service level commitments, under the terms of the agreements, our reputation and results of operation could suffer._** 

Our services are typically subject to stringent requirements, extensive technical specifications and other obligations, as specified by our clients in their respective agreements with us. If we fail to meet our service level commitments, we may be contractually obligated to pay the affected client a financial penalty and/or liquidated damages, which varies by contract, and the client may in some cases be able to terminate its contract. In addition, if such a failure were to occur, there can be no assurance that our clients will not seek other legal remedies that may be available to them. 

Our clients may seek more favorable terms from us in our contracts, particularly in connection with clauses related to the limitation of our liability for damages resulting from unsatisfactory performance of services. Further, our agreements also require us to indemnify our clients for losses arising out of, among other things, non-performance or breach of our obligations and gross negligence. In certain contracts, the capping of liability may not apply for instance in cases of bodily injury and damage to real property and tangible personal property. We are also required under certain agreements to pay penalties and/or liquidated damages in the event of delays or other noncompliances. 

Furthermore, we have provided performance bank guarantees under certain agreements to our clients in relation to our obligations. While there have not been any past instances of failure to perform our obligations under such agreements, including any non-compliance with such specifications, any such failure on our part in the future may lead to termination of the agreement, loss of business with such client, loss of reputation and loss of goodwill. Additionally, it could expose us to indemnity, monetary liability by way of penalties and liquidated damages and may further result in litigation proceedings, which could adversely affect our business, operations, our cash flows and financial condition. 

60 

**_46. Our operations depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about merchants, customers and counterparties which, if inaccurate or materially misleading, could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

In deciding whether to enter into relationships and/or transactions with merchants, customers and counterparties, we may rely on information furnished to us by or on behalf of such parties. Our business primarily involves offering citizen centric services like birth and death certificate, caste certificate, property registration etc, banking related services like small savings accounts and payments / remittance products to the unserved and underserved population, by enabling high-volume low-value transactions in deposits and payments / remittance products in a secured and technology-driven environment. As a result, we are vulnerable to a failure in our onboarding processes, KYC processes and market intelligence, for instance, we may not receive updated information regarding any change in the financial condition of our merchants and customers or may receive inaccurate or incomplete information. 

It therefore may be difficult to carry out a formal analysis on some of our customers based on the information that we are supplied. There can be no assurance that our risk management controls will be sufficient or that additional risk management strategies for our customers will not be required. Failure to maintain sufficient assessment policies, particularly for individuals, could adversely affect our products and services portfolio, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

# **_47. We have experienced growth in recent periods and our recent growth rates may not be indicative of our future growth._** 

We have experienced rapid growth in recent periods. Our revenue from operations have grown at a CAGR of 94.14% to ₹24,306.07 lakhs in Fiscal 2023 from ₹6,448.72 lakhs in Fiscal 2021. In future periods, we may not be able to sustain revenue growth consistent with previous periods, or at all. Further, as we operate in a new and rapidly changing industry, widespread acceptance and use of our platform is critical to our future growth and success. Our revenue growth depends on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, our ability or ability of our merchants to attract new users and customers; provide quality customer experience; maintain the security and reliability of our platform; expand usage within customers on our platform; achieve widespread acceptance and use of our platform; adequately expand our merchants network; expand features and capabilities of our platform, including through the creation and use of additional integrations; comply with existing and new applicable laws and regulations and price our service effectively so that we are able to attract and retain customers without compromising our profitability. If we are unable to accomplish any of these tasks, our business and results of operation may be adversely affected. We have also encountered in the past, and expect to encounter in the future, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in evolving industries. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties, which we use to plan and operate our business, are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our growth may be adversely impacted and our business, financial condition and results of operation would suffer. 

# **_48. Certain of our Directors, Subsidiaries, Key Management Personnel and Senior Management Personnel may be interested in our Company other than remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Our Directors may be deemed to be interested to the extent of Equity Shares held by it, directly or indirectly, in us as well as to the extent of any dividends or other distributions on such shareholding. Additionally, certain of our Directors, Key Management Personnel and Senior Management Personnel while managing the day-to-day operations, may also be regarded as interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses and any benefit arising from renting of property. While our Directors believe that they act in the benefit and best interest of our Company, we cannot assure you that they will continue to do so. Further, while we enter into related party transactions at arm’s length basis in compliance with applicable provisions of Companies Act, 2013 and other applicable laws, there can be no assurance that we could not have obtained better terms from a third party. For further details, please see sections titled “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group_ ” and “ _Our Management_ ” on pages 276 and 256, respectively. Also please see section titled “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Information - Note no. 42 - Related Party Disclosures_ ” on page 324. 

# **_49. Our contingent liabilities could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The table below sets forth details of contingent liabilities as of six months period ended September 30, 2023 and last three Fiscals: 

61 

_<u>(in ₹ lakhs)</u>_ 

|**Particulars**|**As of**<br>**September**<br>**30, 2023**|**2023**|**2022**|**2021**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Guarantees issued by the bank on behalf of the Company|2,000.00|2,000.00|2,000.00|2,000.00|
|Guarantees given to bank for providing fund-based facilities<br>to Customer Service Provider’s|273.79|273.79|-|-|
|**Total**|**2,273.79**|**2,273.79**|**2,000.00**|**2,000.00**|



While most of these contingent liabilities have been incurred in the normal course of business, if these were to fully materialize or materialize at a level higher than we expect, it may materially and adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. For further details, please see section titled “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Note no. 39 - Contingent Liabilities_ ” on page 319. Further, we cannot assure you that we will not incur similar or increased levels of contingent liabilities in the future. 

# **_50. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the Shareholders._** 

We have in the course of our business entered into, and will continue to enter into, several transactions with our related parties. For further details, please see section titled “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Information - Note no. 42 - Related Party Disclosures_ ” on page 324. 

While all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, we cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. The transactions we have entered into and any further transactions that we may enter into with our related parties could potentially involve conflicts of interest which may be detrimental to us. Although all related party transactions that we may enter into post-listing, will be subject to board or shareholder approval, as necessary under the Companies Act, 2013, as amended and the SEBI Listing Regulations, we cannot assure you that such transactions in the future, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_51. We may not meet the selection criteria set for certain contracts by the Government, and consequently, our ability to expand in other areas may be affected._** 

Selection as service provider for government projects is undertaken through a tender process, and many of the bids in which we participate are subject to the satisfaction of certain eligibility conditions and performance standards. These include reputation, experience and sufficiency of financial resources. 

In addition, selection as service provider for these projects is undertaken through a tender process, and many of the bids in which we participate are subject to the satisfaction of certain eligibility conditions and performance standards. These include reputation, experience and sufficiency of financial resources, and quality accreditations and certifications associated with the services. In Fiscal 2023 and the six months period ended September 30, 2023, our Subsidiaries, Starfin had bid for 7 tenders out of which 3 were not awarded and ZMPL had bid for 5 tenders out of which 2 were not awarded. 

In addition, government conducted tender processes may be subject to change in qualification criteria, unexpected delays and uncertainties. In the event that new projects which have been announced and which we intend to bid for are not put up for bidding within the announced timeframe, or qualification criteria are modified such that we are unable to qualify, our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. There can be no assurance that we will be awarded such projects at the end of the tender process. Further, in situations where our bids have been successful, there may be delays in award of the projects, which may result in us having to retain resources which remain unallocated, thereby adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_52. Any non-compliance or delay in RoC filings may expose us to penalties from the regulators._** 

There have been certain discrepancies in relation to statutory filings required to be made by us with the RoC under applicable laws, as well as there are certain other non-compliances by our Company under the Companies Act. In the recent past, form PAS-3 filed with RoC in respect of allotment of sweat equity shares, was not in compliance the applicable provisions of Companies Act, 2013. However, the same has been re-filed with the RoC along with appropriate fees. Although, no regulatory action or penalty has been taken/ levied on the Company for such delays/ 

62 

defaults, however, it cannot be assured that no such regulatory action or penalty will be taken/ levied in the future. Further, we cannot assure you that such non-compliances will not occur in the future. Therefore, if the concerned authorities impose monetary penalties on us or take certain punitive actions against our Company or its directors/ officers in relation to the same, our business and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

**_53. Our insurance coverage may not adequately protect us against all losses or the insurance cover may not be available for all the losses as per the insurance policy, which could adversely affect business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our operations are subject to various risks inherent to the industry in which we operate. While we believe that the insurance coverage which we maintain would be reasonably adequate to cover the normal risks associated with the operation of our business, to the extent that we suffer loss or damage, for which we have not obtained or maintained insurance, or which is not covered by insurance, which exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. For further details, please see section titled “ _Our Business- Insurance_ ” on page 240. In addition, our insurance policies expire from time to time and we may not be able to renew our policies in a timely manner, or at acceptable cost or at all. In case any uninsured loss occurs, we could lose our investment in, as well as anticipated profits and cash flows from the asset. In addition, even if any such loss is insured, there may be a significant deductible on any claim for recovery prior to our insurer being obligated to reimburse us for the loss, or the amount of the loss may exceed our coverage for the loss. 

We cannot assure you that, in the future, any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. Further, an insurance claim once made could lead to an increase in our insurance premium, result in higher deductibles and also require us to spend towards addressing certain covenants specified by the insurance companies. 

# **_54. We depend on key management, as well as our experienced and capable employees, and any failure to attract, motivate, and retain our employees could harm our ability to maintain and grow our business._** 

Our future success is significantly dependent upon the continued service of our executives and other key employees. If we lose the services of any member of management or any key personnel, we may not be able to locate a suitable or qualified replacement, which could severely disrupt our business and growth. To maintain and grow our business, we will need to identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled employees. Identifying, recruiting, training, integrating, and retaining qualified individuals requires significant time, expense, and attention. We may need to invest significant amounts of cash and equity to attract and retain new employees and expend significant time and resources to identify, recruit, train, and integrate such employees, and we may never realize returns on these investments. If we are unable to effectively manage our hiring needs or successfully integrate and retain new hires, our efficiency, ability to meet forecasts, and employee morale, productivity, and engagement could suffer, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

In addition, from time to time, there may be changes in our management team that may be disruptive to our business. If our management team, including any new hires that we make, fails to work together effectively and to execute our plans and strategies on a timely basis, our business could be harmed. If we are unable to effectively manage our hiring needs or successfully integrate and retain new hires, our efficiency, ability to meet forecasts, and employee morale, productivity, and engagement could suffer, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

**_55. Our Independent Directors do not have relevant educational qualifications, i.e. in Information Technology relating to the business of our Company._** 

We are involved in the business of providing Business Correspondents services to major banks in India, (ii) Assisted E-services; and (iii) E-Governance Services. Our Independent Directors do not have the relevant educational qualifications, i.e information technology with respect to the business of the Company. While we depend on the management skills, guidance, expertise and experience of our Promoters for development of business strategies, monitoring their successful implementation and meeting future challenges. For further details please see section titled “ _Our Management_ ” on page 256. We cannot assure you that this lack of adequate educational qualification will not have any adverse impact on the management and/or operations of our Company. 

63 

# **_56. We face competition from organised and unorganised players and any increase in competition or access to advanced technical knowhow or process by our competitors may adversely affect our business._** 

The market for E-Governance and Business Correspondent services are rapidly evolving and is highly competitive. We expect that competition will continue to intensify. In our E-Governance business, we face competition from enterprise solution providing companies and in our Business Correspondent business we face competition from various organised and unorganised players to a certain extent who use their resources and experience in a competitive manner, including by making acquisitions and investing large amounts in R&D and pursuing aggressive marketing and sales initiatives. An entry of a new player in the future may increase competition, decrease our market share in that aspect, and impact our business, financial conditions and results of operation adversely. 

The IT / ITES industry in which we operate is characterized by frequently changing customer requirements due to dynamic business environment. We expect competition to intensify further as new entrants emerge in the industry due to available growth opportunities. To remain competitive, we believe we must continue to invest significant resources in research and development, sales and marketing and customer support. 

In addition, many of our competitors may have significantly greater engineering, technical, marketing and financial resources and capabilities than we have. These competitors may be able to respond more rapidly than we can to new or emerging technologies or changes in customer requirements, including introducing a greater number and variety of products than we can. 

We may in the future not be able to provide similar or better technology solutions than our competitors. Should there be any significant increase in global competition or if we are unable to deal with the changing market conditions, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 

**_57. Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus contain information from CRISIL Report, which has been commissioned and paid for by our Company and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in the Issue is subject to inherent risks._** 

Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus include information based on, or derived from, the CRISIL Report or extracts of the CRISIL Report prepared by CRISIL MI&A, a division of CRISIL Limited which is not related to our Company, Directors or Promoters. We commissioned and paid for this report for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with the Issue. All such information in this Red Herring Prospectus indicates the CRISIL Report as its source. Accordingly, any information in this Red Herring Prospectus derived from, or based on, the CRISIL Report should be read taking into consideration the foregoing. 

Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Further, the CRISIL Report is not a recommendation to invest / disinvest in any company covered in the CRISIL Report. Accordingly, prospective investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on this information. 

In view of the foregoing, you may not be able to seek legal recourse for any losses resulting from undertaking any investment in the Issue pursuant to reliance on the information in this Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the CRISIL Report. You should consult your own advisors and undertake an independent assessment of information in this Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the CRISIL Report before making any investment decision regarding the Issue. Please see section titled “ _Industry Overview_ ” on page 141. For the disclaimers associated with the CRISIL Report, please see section titled “ _Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information and Market Data and Currency of Presentation – Industry and Market Data_ ” on page 18. 

**_58. Any non-compliance with law or unsatisfactory service by the merchants engaged by us could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

We enter into agreement with the merchants to provide various services. We are exposed to various risks including strategic, compliance, operational, fraud, theft, embezzlement, legal and contractual risks. Any failure by merchants or other service providers to provide a specified service or a breach in security / confidentiality or noncompliance with legal and regulatory requirements, may result in financial loss or loss of reputation. There can be no assurance that there will be no disruptions in the provision of such services or that these third parties will adhere to their contractual obligation. If there is a disruption in the services or if the service providers discontinue their agreement with us, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected. We cannot assure you that the terms of such agreements will not be breached, and in case of any dispute, 

64 

it may result in litigation costs. Such additional cost, in addition to the cost of entering into agreements with third parties in the same industry, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_59. We are exposed to many types of operational risk, including the risk of fraud, misconduct and errors by our merchants._** 

We are exposed to many types of operational risk, including the risk of fraud misconduct, oversight and errors by our merchants. Our business depends on our merchants to process a large number of transactions, including transactions that involve significant amounts that involve the use and disclosure of personal information. We could be adversely affected if transactions were redirected, misappropriated, or otherwise improperly executed and personal information was disclosed to unintended recipients, or an operational breakdown or failure in the processing of other transactions occurred, whether as a result of human error or a fraudulent manipulation of our operations or systems. If any of our merchants convert, or misuse funds, documents, or data, or fail to follow protocol when interacting with consumers, we could be liable for damages and subject to regulatory actions and penalties. We could also be subject to civil or criminal liability. It is not always possible to identify and deter fraud, misconduct or errors by merchants, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent these activities may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses. Our resources may be insufficient to accurately detect and prevent fraud. Any of these occurrences could diminish our ability to operate our business, increase our potential liabilities to consumers and merchants, and may lead to an inability to attract future consumer, cause reputational damage, attract regulatory intervention, and cause financial harm, any or all of which could negatively impact our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects. 

**_60. We have included certain financial and operational performance indicators, non-GAAP measures and certain other industry measures related to our operations and financial performance. These operational metrics, non-GAAP measures and industry measures may not be comparable with financial or industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other peer companies._** 

We have included certain financial and operational performance indicators, including revenue from operations, total revenue, EBITDA, EBITDA margin, profit after tax, profit after tax margin, return on equity, debt to equity ratio, interest coverage ratio, return on capital employed, current ratio, net capital turnover ratio (collectively, the “ **Key Performance Indicators** ” or “ **KPI** ”) and non-GAAP metrics such as EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margin (“ **Non-GAAP measures** ”) in this Red Herring Prospectus. The KPI and Non-GAAP measures are supplemental measures of our operations and financial performance and are not required by, or presented in accordance with, Ind AS, Indian GAAP, IFRS or U.S. GAAP, and are prepared with internal systems and tools that are not independently verified by any third party and which may differ from estimates or similar metrics published by third parties due to differences in sources, methodologies, or the assumptions on which we rely. Our internal systems have a number of limitations and our methodologies for tracking these metrics may change over time, which could result in unexpected changes to our metrics, including the metrics we publicly disclose. If the internal systems we use to track these metrics under count or over count performance or contain algorithmic or other technical errors, the data we report may not be accurate. While these numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable estimates of our measures for the applicable period of measurement. Limitations or errors with respect to how we measure data or with respect to the data that we measure may affect our understanding of certain details of our business and financial operations. Also, please see section titled “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Key Performance Indicators and Non-GAAP Financial Measures_ ” and “ _Basis for Issue Price – Key Performance Indicators_ ” on pages 351 and 129. 

Further, the KPI and Non-GAAP measures are not a measurement of our operations and financial performance under Ind AS or IFRS and should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to cash flows, profit/ (loss) for the year/ period or any other measure of financial performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity, profitability or cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities derived in accordance with Ind AS or IFRS, as reported in our Restated Consolidated Financial Information. Although such metrics are not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with applicable accounting standards, our Company’s management believes that they are useful to an investor in evaluating us as they are widely used measures to evaluate a company’s operating performance. The KPI and Non-GAAP measures may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to financial measures of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other companies and are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by Ind AS and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies and has limited usefulness as a comparative measure. 

65 

**_61. Our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of Net Proceeds have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution or any other independent agency and are based on management estimates._** 

Our funding requirements set out in the section titled ‘ _Objects of the Issue’_ on page 108 are based on management estimates and have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution or any other independent agency. Our funding requirements are based on our current business plan and may vary based on various factors including macro-economic and other changes. In view of the dynamic nature of the industry in which we operate, we may have to revise our business plan from time to time and, consequently, the funding requirement and the utilisation of proceeds from the Issue may also change. This may also include rescheduling the proposed utilisation of Net Proceeds at the discretion of our management. Moreover, we have also not entered into definitive agreements to utilise the proceeds from the Issue for certain objects of the Issue. We may make necessary changes to utilisation of Net Proceeds in compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act. In the event of any variation in actual utilisation of the Net Proceeds, any increased fund deployment for a particular activity may be met from funds earmarked from any other activity and/or from our internal accruals. Further, any such revision in the estimates may require us to revise our projected expenditure which may have a bearing on our profitability. 

**_62. Any variation in the utilisation of our Net Proceeds would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior Shareholders’ approval._** 

We propose to utilise the Net Proceeds towards strengthening our technology infrastructure to develop new capabilities and consolidating our existing platforms, funding initiatives for organic growth by setting up of BLS Stores and achieving inorganic growth through acquisitions. For further details of the proposed objects of the Issue, please see section titled “ _Objects of the Issue_ ” on page 108. We cannot determine with any certainty if we would require the Net Proceeds to meet any other expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of the competitive environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. Further, the Net Proceeds are intended to be utilised by the Company only and none of the members of our Promoter Group or Group Companies will receive any portion of the Net Proceeds. The planned use of the Net Proceeds is based on current conditions and is subject to changes in external circumstances, costs, other financial conditions or business strategies. Any variation in the planned use of the Net Proceeds will be made in compliance with SEBI ICDR Regulations, SEBI Listing Regulations, and other applicable laws and would require Shareholders’ approval by passing a special resolution and our Promoter will be required to provide an exit opportunity to the Shareholders who do not agree to such proposal to vary the objects and may involve considerable time or cost overrun and in such an eventuality it may adversely affect our operations or business. 

**_63. We appoint contract labour for carrying out certain of our operations, if the independent contractors through whom such workers are hired default on their obligations, and such obligations could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

In order to maintain operational efficiencies, we appoint independent contractors who in turn engage contract labour for performance of certain of our operations. As on November 30, 2023, we engage more than 79 contract employees for various functions **_._** Although we do not engage these labourers directly, we may be held responsible for any wage payments in terms of the applicable laws and the Code on Wages, 2019, to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractor, as the case may be. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, under the Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970, as amended, we may be required to absorb a number of such contract labourers as permanent employees. Thus, any such order from a regulatory body or court may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Please see section titled “ _Our Business – Employees_ ” on page 222. 

**_64. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked instruments by us may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by the Corporate Promoter may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering of Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares including through exercise of employee stock options, may lead to the dilution of investors shareholdings in our Company. 

Any future equity issuances by us or sales of our Equity Shares by the Corporate Promoter may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. In addition, any perception by investors 

66 

that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will not issue Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares or that our shareholders will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

# **_65. The requirements of being a publicly listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a publicly listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the compliance requirement or the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the SEBI Listing Regulations, which will require us to file audited annual and limited reviewed quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition, in addition to various other compliances which will entail incurring costs. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. 

Further, as a publicly listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

# **_66. We cannot assure payment of dividends on the Equity Shares in the future. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon our earnings, financial condition, cash flows and capital requirements._** 

Our ability to pay dividends depends on our earnings, financial condition, cash flows, capital requirements, applicable Indian legal restrictions and other factors. We may decide to retain all of our earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business and, therefore, may not declare dividends on our Equity Shares. We may, in the future, be restricted by the terms of our loan agreements, from making any dividend payments, unless otherwise agreed upon by our lenders. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. For further details on our dividend policy and dividends paid, please see section titled “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 286. The declaration and payment of dividends will be recommended by the Board of Directors and approved by the Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act, 2013. Our Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source from such dividend. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. 

# **_67. The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares held by our Promoters may be less than the Issue Price._** 

The average cost of acquisition per Equity Share held by our Corporate Promoter, BLS International Services Limited, and individual Promoters namely Diwakar Aggarwal and Shikhar Aggarwal is ₹5.41, ₹23.09 and ₹22.55, respectively. Since the average cost of acquisition by our Promoters may be lesser than the Issue Price, investors who purchase the Equity Shares may do so at a cost that is higher than the average cost of acquisition of the Equity Shares of our Promoters. 

# **_68. We will continue to be controlled by our Promoters after the completion of the Issue._** 

As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters holds 90.25% of our Equity Share capital, and will hold [●]% of our Equity Share capital after the completion of the Issue. After this Issue, our Promoters will continue to exercise significant control or exert significant influence over our business policies and affairs and all matters requiring Shareholders’ approval, including composition of our Board, the adoption of amendments to our constitutional documents, the approval of mergers, strategic acquisitions or joint ventures and the policies for dividends, lending, investments and capital expenditures. Accordingly, the interests of our Promoters in capacity as Shareholder of the Company may conflict with the interests of other Shareholders of the Company. Any such conflict may adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy or to operate our business. 

67 

**_69. The loss of certificates, keys and passwords may result in a loss of access to our servers which may result in a loss of data, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

Due to security considerations, access to our servers is controlled by multifactor authentication, which include certificates, keys and passwords. These certificates, keys and passwords are typically stored on our employee’s and merchant’s computers. The loss of these certificates, keys and passwords may result in a loss of access to our servers, which may result in a loss of data, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_70. Negative publicity could damage our reputation and adversely impact business and financial results._** 

Negative public opinion about the Company, our operating segments, or the industries in which we serve could adversely affect our ability to retain and attract merchants, customers and employees and expose us to litigation and regulatory actions. Negative public opinion can result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including but not limited to cybersecurity breaches, failures to safeguard personal information, corporate governance, sales and marketing practices, regulatory compliance, mergers and acquisitions, and actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to that conduct. Any actual or alleged conduct by one business that we operate can result in negative public opinion about other businesses that we operate. Although we take steps to minimize reputational risk in dealing with merchants and end-customers, we are inherently exposed to this risk. The proliferation of social media may increase the likelihood that negative public opinion from any of the events discussed above will impact our reputation and business. 

# **_External Risks_** 

# **Risks Relating to India** 

**_71. Pursuant to listing of the Equity Shares, we may be subject to pre-emptive surveillance measures like Additional Surveillance Measure (“ASM”) and Graded Surveillance Measures (“GSM”) by the Stock Exchanges in order to enhance market integrity and safeguard the interest of investors._** 

SEBI and Stock Exchanges in order to enhance market integrity and safeguard interest of investors, have been introducing various enhanced pre-emptive surveillance measures. The main objective of these measures is to alert and advice investors to be extra cautious while dealing in these securities and advice market participants to carry out necessary due diligence while dealing in these securities. Accordingly, SEBI and Stock Exchanges have provided for (a) GSM on securities where such trading price of such securities does not commensurate with financial health and fundamentals such as earnings, book value, fixed assets, net-worth, price per equity multiple and market capitalization; and (b) ASM on securities with surveillance concerns based on objective parameters such as price and volume variation and volatility. 

On listing, we may be subject to general market conditions which may include significant price and volume fluctuations. The price of our Equity Shares may also fluctuate after the Issue due to several factors such as volatility in the Indian and global securities market, our profitability and performance, performance of our competitors, changes in the estimates of our performance or any other political or economic factor. The occurrence of any of the abovementioned factors may trigger the parameters identified by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges for placing securities under the GSM or ASM framework such as net worth and net fixed assets of securities, high low variation in securities, client concentration and close to close price variation. In the event our Equity Shares are covered under such pre-emptive surveillance measures implemented by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges, we may be subject to certain additional restrictions in relation to trading of our Equity Shares such as limiting trading frequency (for example, trading either allowed once in a week or a month) or freezing of price on upper side of trading which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Equity Shares or may in general cause disruptions in the development of an active market and trading for our Equity Shares. 

**_72. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

The Indian economy and its capital markets are influenced by economic, political and market conditions in India and globally including the volatility in the securities markets in other countries. We are dependent on prevailing economic conditions in India and our results of operations are affected by factors influencing the Indian economy. Further, the following external risks may have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations, should any of them materialize: 

68 

- increase in interest rates may adversely affect our access to capital and increase our borrowing costs, which may constrain our ability to grow our business and operate profitably; 

- any exchange rate fluctuations, the imposition of currency controls and restrictions on the right to convert or repatriate currency or export assets; 

- political instability, resulting from a change in governmental or economic and fiscal policies, may adversely affect economic conditions in India. In recent years, India has implemented various economic and political reforms. Reforms in relation to land acquisition policies and trade barriers have led to increased incidents of social unrest in India over which we have no control; 

- civil unrest, acts of violence, terrorist attacks, regional conflicts or situations or war including in India’s various neighbouring countries; India has experienced epidemics and natural calamities such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, and drought in recent years; 

- any act of God and its consequent impact on public and economy; 

- occurrence of natural or man-made disasters (such as typhoons, flooding, earthquakes and fires) which may cause us to suspend our operations; 

- prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; 

- decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves which may affect liquidity in the Indian economy; 

- other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India or its consumption sector; 

- protectionist and other adverse public policies, including local content requirements, import/export tariffs, increased regulations or capital investment requirements; 

- macroeconomic factors and central bank regulation, including in relation to interest rates movements which may in turn adversely impact our access to capital and increase our borrowing costs; 

- logistical and communications challenges; 

- difficulty in developing any necessary partnerships with local businesses on commercially acceptable terms or on a timely basis; 

- international business practices that may conflict with other customs or legal requirements to which we are subject to, including anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws; being subject to the jurisdiction of foreign courts, including uncertainty of judicial processes and difficulty enforcing contractual agreements or judgments in foreign legal systems or incurring additional costs to do so; and 

- contagious diseases such as the COVID-19 pandemic, the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine, and any other diseases. A worsening of the current COVID-19 pandemic or any similar future outbreaks of COVID-19, avian or swine influenza or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the Indian economy and economic activity in the region. 

Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. Our performance and the growth of our business depends on the overall performance of the Indian economy as well as the economies of the regional markets in which we operate. 

# **_73. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of corporate, labour and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects._** 

The regulatory environment in which we operate is evolving and is subject to change. The GoI may implement new laws or other regulations that could affect our industry, which could lead to new compliance requirements. New compliance requirements could increase our costs or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, the manner in which new requirements will be enforced or interpreted can lead to uncertainty in our operations and could adversely affect our operations. Any adverse regulatory change 

69 

in this regard could lead to fluctuation of prices of raw materials and thereby increase our operational cost. Additionally, our loans are subject to specific conditions imposed by the Ministry of Commerce and Industry, GoI and the RBI. In the event of any adverse regulatory development or in the event that we are otherwise not able to secure such loans, we may not be able to benefit from such low interest rates or the ability to fix the price within the specified time frame at the same price at which we sell our products to our customers. 

The Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2021, also prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. Further, as GST is implemented, there can be no assurance that we will not be required to comply with additional procedures or obtain additional approvals and licenses from the government and other regulatory bodies or that they will not impose onerous requirements and conditions on our operations. With the implementation of GST, we are obligated to pass on any benefits accruing to us as result of the transition to GST to the consumer thereby limiting our benefits. In order for us to utilise input credit under GST, the entire value chain has to be GST compliant, including us. While we are and will continue to adhere to the GST rules and regulations, there can be no assurance that our suppliers and dealers will do so. Any such failure may result in increased cost on account of non-compliance with the GST and may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

The Competition Act, 2002, as amended (“ **Competition Act** ”) prohibits any anti-competition agreement or arrangement, understanding or action in concert between enterprises, whether formal or informal, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. The combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to, and pre-approved by, the Competition Commission of India, or CCI. Any breach of the provisions of Competition Act, may attract substantial monetary penalties. The Competition Act aims to, among other things, prohibit all agreements and transactions, which may have an appreciable adverse effect in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside of India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an appreciable adverse effect in India. We are not currently party to any outstanding proceedings, nor have we ever received any notice in relation to noncompliance with the Competition Act. Any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI in future, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The Government of India has announced the union budget for the Fiscal 2023, pursuant to Ih the Finance Bill, 2023 has proposed various amendments. The Finance Bill, 2023 has received assent from the President of India on March 31, 2023, and has been enacted as the Finance Act, 2023.We have not fully determined the impact of these recent and proposed laws and regulations on our business. There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2023 may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

In addition, many laws and regulations relating to privacy and the collection, storing, sharing, use, disclosure, and protection of certain types of data are subject to varying degrees of enforcement and new and changing interpretations by courts or regulators. Several jurisdictions have implemented new data protection regulations and others are considering imposing additional restrictions or regulations. The Indian Government has been mooting a legislation governing non-personal data. On November 18, 2022, the Ministry of Electronics & Information Technology (“ **MeitY** ”) issued the draft Digital Personal Data Protection Bill, 2022 (“ **DPDB** ”), which was open for public consultation till December 17, 2022. Earlier on August 4, 2022, MeitY withdrew the Data Protection Bill, 2021 on the premise that the joint committee had recommended substantial amendments to the original draft, highlighting the need for developing a “comprehensive” legal framework that is aligned with contemporary privacy laws and constantly evolving nuances of the digital ecosystem. DPDB will apply to (i) the processing of digital personal data subject to exemptions (material scope), (ii) undertaken within India, and in certain cases, those carried outside of India. Once enacted as law, DPDB is proposed to be implemented in phases. The RBI has also issued a circular on the procedure of storage of payment systems data, to ensure that data, 

70 

relating to payment systems operated by us is stored only in India. Changes in laws or regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security, particularly any new or modified laws or regulations, or changes to the interpretation or enforcement of such laws or regulations, that require enhanced protection of certain types of data or new obligations with regard to data retention, transfer, or disclosure, could require us to modify our existing systems or invest in new technologies to ensure compliance with such applicable laws, which may require us to incur additional expenses. 

Similarly, changes in other laws may require additional compliances and/or result in us incurring additional expenditure. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. For instance, the Supreme Court of India has in a decision clarified the components of basic wages which need to be considered by companies while making provident fund payments, which resulted in an increase in the provident fund payments to be made by companies. Further, as on November 30, 2023, we had a total of 791 employees (including 79 contract employees) _._ Our employees are employed by us and are entitled to statutory employment benefits, such as defined benefit gratuity plan, among others. In addition to our permanent employees, we empanel agencies for our outsourcing requirements and also engage persons on a contractual basis. We are subject to various labor laws and regulations governing our relationships with our employees and contractors, including in relation to minimum wages, working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and terminating the contracts of employees and contractors, contract labor and work permits. 

The Government of India has passed new laws relating to social security, occupational safety, industrial relations and wages namely, the Code on Social Security, 2020, the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020, the Industrial Relations Code, 2020 and the Code on Wages, 2019, respectively which were to take effect from April 1, 2021 (collectively, the “ **Labour Codes** ”). The Government of India has deferred the effective date of the Labour Codes and they shall come into force from such date as may be notified by the Government. Further, the Code on Social Security, 2020 (“ **Social Security Code** ”) will impact overall employee expenses and, in turn, could impact the profitability of our Company. Under the Social Security Code, a new concept of deemed remuneration has been introduced, such that where an employee receives more than half (or such other percentage as may be notified by the Central Government), of their total remuneration in the form of allowances and other amounts that are not included within the definition of wages under the Social Security Code, the excess amount received shall be deemed as remuneration and accordingly be added to wages for the purposes of the Social Security Code and the compulsory contribution to be made towards the employees’ provident fund. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

# **_74. Financial instability in the global or Indian financial markets could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition and may cause the price of our Equity Shares to decline_** . 

The Indian financial market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly in the USA and Asian emerging market countries. Financial turmoil in the global economy has affected the Indian economy in the past. Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. A loss in investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy and could harm our results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on our principal markets. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. Following the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union (“ **Brexit** ”), there still remains significant uncertainty around the impact of Brexit on the general economic conditions in the United Kingdom and the European Union and any consequential impact on global financial markets. 

In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. Such 

71 

developments, or the perception that they could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_75. Civil disturbances, regional conflicts and other acts of violence in India and abroad may disrupt or otherwise adversely affect the Indian economy._** 

Certain events that are beyond the control of our Company, such as violence, civil unrest, or geo-political unrest, including those involving India, Russia, Ukraine, the United Kingdom, USA, China or other countries, may adversely affect worldwide financial markets and could potentially lead to a severe economic recession, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and more generally, any of these events could lower confidence in India’s economy. Southern Asia has, from time to time, experienced instances of civil unrest and political tensions and hostilities among neighbouring countries. Political tensions could create a perception that there is a risk of disruption of services provided by India-based companies, which could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. Furthermore, if India were to become engaged in armed hostilities, particularly hostilities that are protracted or involve the threat or use of nuclear weapons, the Indian economy and consequently Company’s operations might be significantly affected. India has from time to time experienced social and civil unrest and hostilities, including riots, regional conflicts and other acts of violence. Events of this nature in the future could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_76. If inflation rises in India, increased costs may result in a decline in profits._** 

India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increasing inflation in India could cause a rise in the costs of rent, wages, raw materials and other expenses. High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our clients, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. If we are unable to increase our revenues sufficiently to offset our increased costs due to inflation, it could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, the GoI and RBI have previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear how such measures will impact our business as well as the business of our customers. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

# **_77. Our ability to raise foreign capital may be constrained by Indian law._** 

As an Indian company, we are subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies. Such regulatory restrictions limit our financing sources and could constrain our ability to obtain financings on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, we cannot assure you that any required regulatory approvals for borrowing in foreign currencies will be granted to us without onerous conditions, or at all. Limitations on foreign debt may have an adverse effect on our business growth, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_78. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under the foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions) if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI or in the alternate, the pricing is in compliance with the extant provisions of the SEBI Regulations. If the transfer of shares is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred above, then the prior approval of the RBI will be required. Additionally, Shareholders who seek to convert the Rupee proceeds from sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India may require a no objection or a tax clearance certificate from the income tax authority. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other Government agency can be obtained in a timely manner or at all. 

In terms of Press Note 3 of 2020, dated April 17, 2020, issued by the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (“ **DPIIT** ”), the foreign direct investment policy has been recently amended to state that all investments under the foreign direct investment route by entities of a country which shares land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country will require prior approval of the GoI. Further, in the event of a transfer of ownership of any existing or future foreign direct investment in an entity in India, directly or indirectly, resulting in the beneficial ownership falling within 

72 

the aforesaid restriction/ purview, such subsequent change in the beneficial ownership will also require approval of the GoI. Furthermore, on April 22, 2020, the Ministry of Finance, GoI has also made a similar amendment to the FEMA Rules. While the term “beneficial owner” is defined under the Prevention of Money-Laundering (Maintenance of Records) Rules, 2005 and the General Financial Rules, 2017, neither the foreign direct investment policy nor the FEMA Rules provide a definition of the term “beneficial owner”. The interpretation of “beneficial owner” and enforcement of this regulatory change involves certain uncertainties, which may have an adverse effect on our ability to raise foreign capital. Further, there is uncertainty regarding the timeline within which the said approval from the GoI may be obtained, if at all. 

# **_79. There is no existing market for the Equity Shares, and we do not know if one will develop. The Issue Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Issue._** 

Prior to the Issue, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Indian Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Issue. The Issue Price of the Equity Shares has been determined by our Company in consultation with the BRLM and in accordance with the Book Building Process and is based on numerous factors. For further details, please see section titled “ _Basis for the Issue Price_ ” on page 127. The Issue Price of the Equity Shares may bear no relationship to the market price of the Equity Shares after the Issue. The Issue Price is not indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Issue. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Issue and may decline below the Issue Price. There can be no assurances that Bidders who are Allotted Equity Shares through the Issue will be able to re-sell their Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price. 

# **_80. A slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer._** 

Our performance and the growth of our business are necessarily dependent on the health of the overall Indian economy. Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy or future volatility in global commodity prices could adversely affect our business. Additionally, an increase in trade deficit, a downgrading in India’s sovereign debt rating or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively affect interest rates and liquidity, which could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business. In particular, the COVID-19 pandemic caused an economic downturn in India and globally. Any downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India could also adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

India’s economy could be adversely affected by a general rise in interest rates or inflation, adverse weather conditions affecting agriculture, commodity and energy prices as well as various other factors. A slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect the policy of the GoI towards our industry, which may in turn adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to implement our business strategy. 

The Indian economy is also influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market conditions in Asia. A decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves and exchange rate fluctuations may also affect liquidity and interest rates in the Indian economy, which could adversely impact our financial condition. A loss of investor confidence in other emerging market economies or any worldwide financial instability may adversely affect the Indian economy, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Further, other factors which may adversely affect the Indian economy are scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing of our expansions; volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies, like application of GST; political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; occurrence of natural or manmade disasters; infectious disease outbreaks or other serious public health concerns; prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; and other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India or its financial services sectors. 

# **_81. An investment in the Equity Shares is subject to general risks related to investments in Indian companies._** 

We are incorporated in India and our assets and employees are located in India. Consequently, our business, results of operations, financial condition and the market price of the Equity Shares will be affected by changes in interest rates in India, policies of the Government of India, including taxation policies along with policies relating to industry, political, social and economic developments affecting India. 

73 

# **_82. Any downgrading of India’s debt rating by an international rating agency could have an adverse impact on our business._** 

Any adverse change in India’s credit ratings by international rating agencies may adversely impact the Indian economy and consequently our ability to raise additional financing in a timely manner or at all, as well as the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing is available to us. This could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance, ability to obtain financing for capital expenditures and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_83. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as US GAAP and IFRS, which may be material to investors’ assessments of our financial condition._** 

The Restated Consolidated Financial Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with Ind AS. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP or IFRS. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the Ind AS financial statements, which are restated as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations included in this Red Herring Prospectus, will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

# **_84. Rights of Shareholders under Indian laws may differ to those under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian laws and legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and Shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law, including in relation to class actions, may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as a Shareholder in an Indian company than as a Shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

# **_85. A third party could be prevented from acquiring control of our Company because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian law._** 

There are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company, even if a change in control would result in the purchase of your Equity Shares at a premium to the market price or would otherwise be beneficial to you. Such provisions may discourage or prevent certain types of transactions involving actual or threatened change in control of our Company. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/Shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to its stakeholders, it is possible that such a takeover would not be attempted or consummated because of the SEBI Takeover Regulations. 

# **Risks Relating to the Issue and the Equity Shares** 

# **_86. We cannot assure payment of dividends on the Equity Shares in the future._** 

While our declaration of dividends is at the discretion of our Board and subject to Shareholder approval as set out in the section titled “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 286 and the amount of future dividend payments by our Company, if any, will depend upon our future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditures, applicable Indian legal restrictions and other factors. Our Company may decide to retain all of its earnings to finance the development and expansion of its business and therefore, we may not declare dividends on the Equity Shares. Additionally, we may, in the future, be restricted by the terms of our loan agreements to make any dividend payments unless otherwise agreed with our lenders. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon our future results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, sufficient profitability, working capital and capital expenditure requirements. For further details, please see section titled “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 286. We cannot assure you that we will generate sufficient revenues to cover our operating expenses and, as such, pay dividends to the Shareholders consistent with our past practice, or at all. 

74 

**_87. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Issue, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the current market price of some securities listed pursuant to certain previous issues managed by the Book Running Lead Manager may be below their respective issue prices._** 

Prior to the Issue, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Issue. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Issue Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book-building process and shall be based on various factors, as described in the section titled “ _Basis for the Issue Price_ ” on page 127. This price may not necessarily be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. You may not be able to re-sell your Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price and may as a result lose all or part of your investment. 

We cannot assure you that active trading in our Equity Shares will develop after the Issue, or if such trading develops that it will continue. The Bidders may not be able to sell our Equity Shares at the quoted price if there is no active trading in our Equity Shares. 

The trading price of our Equity Shares after this Issue may be subject to significant fluctuations as a result of market volatility or due to various internal or external risks, including but not limited to those described in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, the current market price of securities listed pursuant to certain previous initial public offerings managed by the Book Running Lead Manager is below its issue price. For further details, please see section titled “ _Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Price information of past issues handled by the BRLM_ ” on page 397. 

The market price of our Equity Shares may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 

- the failure of security analysts to cover the Equity Shares after this Issue, or changes in the estimates of our performance by analysts; 

- the activities of competitors and suppliers; 

- future sales of the Equity Shares by our major Shareholders; 

- investor perception of us and the industry in which we operate; 

- our quarterly or annual earnings or those of our competitors; 

- developments affecting fiscal, industrial or environmental regulations; 

- the public’s reaction to our press releases and adverse media reports; 

- speculative trading in the Equity Shares; 

- changes in exchange rates; 

- outbreaks of new pandemics and/ or epidemics; and 

- general economic and market conditions. 

Changes in relation to any of the factors listed above could adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares. The market price of the Equity Shares may decline below the Issue Price and investors may not be able to re-sell Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price resulting in a loss of all or part of your investment. 

# **_88. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of the Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, the Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. The value of the investors’ investment and dividend could be adversely affected by any fluctuations in the currency rate. Any dividends in respect of the Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time 

75 

that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Equity Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the US Dollar has fluctuated in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the returns on the Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

**_89. There is no guarantee that the Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges in a timely manner or at all. Investors may not be able to immediately sell any of the Equity Shares subscribed to in this Issue on Indian Stock Exchanges._** 

In accordance with current regulations and circulars issued by SEBI, our Equity Shares are required to be listed on the Stock Exchanges within such time as mandated under UPI Circulars, subject to any change in the prescribed timeline in this regard. Pursuant to the applicable Indian laws and practice, permission for listing of the Equity Shares will not be granted till the Equity Shares in this Issue have been issued and allotted and all relevant documents are submitted to the Stock Exchanges. Further, certain actions must be completed prior to the commencement of listing and trading of the Equity Shares such as the Investor’s book entry or ‘demat’ accounts with the Depository Participants in India, expected to be credited within one (1) Working Day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is finalized with the Designated Stock Exchange. In addition, the Allotment of Equity Shares in the Issue and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with the Depository Participant could take approximately five (5) Working Days from the Bid/Issue Closing Date and trading in Equity Shares upon receipt of listing and trading approval from the Stock Exchanges, trading of Equity Shares is expected to commence within six (6) Working Days from Bid/ Issue Closing Date. However, we cannot assure you that the trading in our Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner or at all. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise to commence trading in Equity Shares would restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner (as specified herein) or at all. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if the Allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

# **_90. There is no assurance that the Equity Shares will remain listed on the Stock Exchange._** 

Although it is currently intended that the Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges, there is no guarantee of the continued listing of the Equity Shares. Among other factors, we may not continue to satisfy the listing requirements of the Stock Exchanges. Accordingly, Shareholders will not be able to sell their Equity Shares through trading on the Stock Exchanges if the Equity Shares are no longer listed on the Stock Exchanges. 

**_91. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity-linked securities by our Company may dilute your shareholding and the sale of Equity Shares by our Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth, whether organic or inorganic, through future equity offerings. Any future issuance of the Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to the Equity Shares by us, may lead to dilution of your shareholding in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us (including under an employee benefit scheme) or disposal of our Equity Shares by the Promoters or any of our other shareholders or any other change in our shareholding structure to comply with the minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India or any public perception regarding such issuances or sales may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. 

Except as disclosed in section titled “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 95, we cannot assure you that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that our existing Shareholders including our Promoters will not dispose of further Equity Shares after the completion of the Issue (subject to compliance with the lock-in provisions under the SEBI ICDR Regulations) or pledge or encumber their Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of Shareholder’s investment in the Equity Shares and adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. Such securities may also be issued at prices below the Issue Price. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_92. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a public company incorporated in India must offer its equity Shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of Equity Shares to maintain their existing ownership 

76 

percentages prior to issuance of any new Equity Shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the Equity Shares voting on such resolution. 

However, if the laws of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for your benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of any such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of our Equity Shares, your proportional interests in our Company would be diluted. 

# **_93. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company is generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax (“STT”) is levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for more than 12 months may be subject to long-term capital gains tax in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as STT paid, the quantum of gains and any available treaty exemptions. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long-term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of STT, on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. Further, any gain realized on the sale of our Equity Shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short-term capital gains tax in India. While non-residents may claim tax treaty benefits in relation to such capital gains income, generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s right to impose tax on capital gains arising from the sale of shares of an Indian company 

The Finance Act, 2020 (“ **Finance Act 2020** ”) had stipulated that the sale, transfer and issue of certain securities through exchanges, depositories or otherwise to be charged with stamp duty. The Finance Act 2020 also clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of certain securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of certain securities, other than debentures, on a delivery basis is currently specified under the Finance Act 2020 at 0.015% and on a nondelivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. These amendments have come into effect from July 1, 2020. Under the Finance Act 2020, any dividends paid by an Indian company is subject to tax in the hands of the shareholders at applicable rates. Such taxes are to be withheld by the Indian company paying dividends. Further, the Finance Act, 2020, which followed, removed the requirement for DDT to be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. The Bank may grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source pursuant to any corporate action including dividends subject to appropriate documentation provided by such non-resident shareholder. Investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors and to carefully consider the potential tax consequences of owning Equity Shares. 

Further, the Government of India announced the Union Budget for Fiscal 2023, pursuant to which the Finance Bill 2023 has proposed various amendments. The Finance Bill 2023 has received assent from the President of India on March 31, 2023, and has been enacted as the Finance Act, 2023. Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. 

**_94. Qualified Institutional Buyers and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid and the Retail Individual Bidders are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after the Bid/Issue Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to block the Bid Amount on the submission of the Bid and not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. RIBs can revise or withdraw their Bids at any time during the Bid/Issue Period and until the Bid/Issue Closing Date, but not thereafter. While our Company is required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all the Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within six (6) Working Days from the Bid/Issue Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by SEBI, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or 

77 

national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares allotted pursuant to the Issue or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

78 

