# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, the industry and segments in which we currently operate or propose to operate. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial, actually occur, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could suffer, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. To obtain a complete understanding of our Company, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 137, 109 and 264, respectively, as well as the financial, statistical and other information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. Prospective investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisers about the consequences of an investment in our Equity Shares._ 

_Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries. This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forwardlooking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For details, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 26._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, the industry-related information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus is derived from the IQVIA Report dated October 9, 2023, which has been commissioned and paid for by our Company for an agreed fee for the purposes of confirming our understanding of the industry exclusively in connection with the Offer. A copy of the IQVIA Report shall be available on the website of our Company at https://bluejethealthcare.com/industry-reports/ in compliance with applicable laws. We engaged IQVIA Consulting and Information Services India Private Limited, in connection with the preparation of the IQVIA Report on November 26, 2021. For further details and risks in relation to the IQVIA Report, see “Certain Conventions, Currency of Presentation, Use of Financial Information and Market Data” on page 21 and “Risk Factors — Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus contain information from the IQVIA Report which has been exclusively commissioned and paid for by us. There can be no assurance that such report is complete, and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in the Offer is subject to inherent risks.” on page 51._ 

_The enclosed materials include information derived from market research information provided by IQVIA and its affiliated companies. IQVIA market research information is proprietary to IQVIA and available on a confidential basis. IQVIA market research information reflects estimates of marketplace activity and should be treated accordingly._ 

_Unless otherwise stated, or the context otherwise requires, the financial information as of and for the Financial Years 2021, 2022 and 2023 and the three months ended June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023 used in this section is derived from our Restated Ind AS Financial Information. In addition, certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance have been included in this section and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. Such non-GAAP financial measures should be read together with the nearest GAAP measure. See “Certain Conventions, Currency of Presentation, Use of Financial Information and Market Data — Non-GAAP measures” on page 22. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section._ 

# **Internal Risk Factors** 

**1.** **_The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions. Accordingly, the Offer Price of the Equity Shares, market capitalization to turnover and price to earnings ratio based on the Offer Price of our Company, may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares on listing or thereafter._** 

28 

**2.** 

Our market capitalisation to turnover for Fiscal 2023 is [●] times, at the Offer Price. Our price to earnings ratio for Fiscal 2023 is [●] times at the Offer Price. 

The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions, and was determined by us in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers. Furthermore, the Offer Price of the Equity Shares was determined by us in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers through the Book Building Process and certain quantitative and qualitative factors, including as set out in the section titled “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 98. The Offer Price, multiples and ratios may not be indicative of the market price of the Company on listing or thereafter. 

**_We are a speciality pharmaceutical, healthcare ingredients and intermediates company and depend upon this sector for our business. Further, our business is dependent on the sale of our products to a limited number of key customers. The loss of one or more such customers, the deterioration of their financial condition or prospects, or a reduction in their demand for our products could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

We are a speciality pharmaceutical and healthcare ingredients and intermediates company and depend upon this sector for our business. Further, we are dependent on a limited number of key customers, for a significant portion of our revenue from operations. For our ten largest customers in terms of revenue from operations in the Financial Year 2023 and the three months ended June 30, 2023, we have long-term contracts with terms ranging from one to five years and relationships ranging from two to fourteen years with them. We have a five-year contract, which is renewable upon mutual agreement, with our top customer in terms of revenue from operations for the Financial Years 2021, 2022 and 2023 and the three months ended June 30, 2023. See “ _Our Business — Description of Our Business — Customers_ ” on page 155 for details. The following table sets forth certain information regarding our revenue from operations from our ten largest customers, five largest customers and largest customer by revenue from operations for the years/periods indicated: 

||**Fin**|**ancial Year**||**Three Mont**<br>**June**|**hs ended**<br>**30,**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2021**|**2022**|**2023**|**2022**|**2023**|
|Revenue from operations from our ten largest<br>customers_(in ₹ millions)_|4,060.13|5,608.30|6,037.44|1,163.11|1,466.48|
|Revenue from operations from our ten largest<br>customers_(as a percentage of total revenue_<br>_from operations)_|81.38%|82.06%|83.74%|80.48%|81.68%|
|Revenue from operations from our five largest<br>customers_(in ₹ millions)_|3,759.89|5,165.06|5,380.21|1,045.06|1,313.61|
|Revenue from operations from our five largest<br>customers_(as a percentage of total revenue_<br>_from operations)_|75.36%|75.57%|74.62%|72.31%|73.16%|
|Revenue from operations from our largest<br>customer_(in ₹ millions)_|3,110.34|4,258.31|4,568.20|749.22|1,072.05|
|Revenue from operations from our largest<br>customer_(as a percentage of total revenue_<br>_from operations)_|62.34%|62.30%|63.36%|51.84%|59.71%|



We generate a significant portion of our revenue from operations from our contrast media intermediates business. The following table sets forth a breakdown of our revenue from contracts with customers by product categories and the related contribution of each product category for the years/periods indicated: 

||**202**|**1**|**Financi**<br>**20**|**al Year**<br>**22**|**20**|**23**|**CAGR from**<br>**the Financial**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Product category**|**Revenue from**<br>**sales of**<br>**products**<br>**(₹ millions)**|**Contribution**<br>**(%)**|**Revenue from**<br>**sales of**<br>**products**<br>**(₹ millions)**|**Contribution**<br>**(%)**|**Revenue from**<br>**sales of**<br>**products**<br>**(₹ millions)**|**Contribution**<br>**(%)**|**Year 2021 to**<br>**the Financial**<br>**Year 2023**<br>**(%)**|
|Contrast media intermediates|3,535.86|71.54%|4,778.38|70.61%|<br>5,070.16|70.57%|19.75%|
|High-intensity sweeteners|987.24|19.98%|1,574.83|23.27%|<br>1,758.97|24.48%|33.48%|
|Pharma intermediates and API|417.67|8.45%|411.58|6.08%|<br>339.84|4.73%|(9.80)%|
|Others<sup>(1)</sup>|1.33|0.03%|3.01|0.04%|<br>15.84|0.22%|245.12%|
|**Revenue from operations from**<br>**contract with customers**|**4,942.10**|**100.00%**|**6,767.80**|**100.00%**|<br>**7,184.81**|**100.00%**|**20.57%**|



29 

||**202**|**Three Months e**<br>**2**|**nded June 30,**<br>**20**|**23**|**%Increase/(Decrea**<br>**se) Between the**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Revenue from sales**<br>**of products**<br>**(₹ millions)**|**Contribution (%)**|**Revenue from**<br>**sales of products**<br>**(₹ millions)**|**Contribution (%)**|**Three Months**<br>**ended June 30,**<br>**2022 and 2023**|
|Contrast media intermediates|858.70|59.63%|1,286.33|72.00%|49.80%|
|High-intensity sweeteners|522.57|36.28%|401.55|22.48%|(23.16)%|
|Pharma intermediates and API|57.38|3.98%|94.59|5.29%|64.85%|
|Others<sup>(1)</sup>|1.64|0.11%|4.09|0.23%|149.39%|
|**Revenue from operations from**<br>**contract with customers**|**1,440.29**|**100.00%**|**1,786.56**|**100.00%**|**24.04%**|



_Note:_ 

_(1) Represents sales of spent acids and solvents, which were used in the process of manufacturing contrast media intermediates and high-intensity sweeteners, along with excess raw materials._ 

Through our contrast media intermediates business, we supply a critical starting intermediate and several advanced intermediates primarily to three of the largest contrast media manufacturers in the world, including GE Healthcare AS, Guerbet Group, and Bracco Imaging S.p.A, directly. The four largest contrast media manufacturers in the world contributed to more than 70% of the global moving annual turnover consistently from June 2013 to June 2023 ( _Source: IQVIA Report_ ). 

Our reliance on a select group of customers may also constrain our ability to negotiate our arrangements with them, which may have an impact on our profit margins and financial performance. The deterioration of the financial condition or business prospects of these customers could reduce their requirement of our products and result in a significant decrease in the revenue from operations we derive from these customers. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain historic levels of business from our key customers. 

There is no assurance that our sales to these key customers will not decline in the future as a result of increased competition, pricing pressures or fluctuation in the demand or supply of our products. Similarly, in the event of any breakthroughs in the development or invention of alternative products, we may be exposed to the risk of our products becoming obsolete or being substituted to a greater or lesser extent by these alternatives, and we may fail to introduce new products to cater to the demand of our customers. We do not have any exclusivity arrangements with our customers. Further, some of our customers currently manufacture or may start manufacturing their own contrast media intermediates, high-intensity sweeteners, or pharma intermediates and APIs and may discontinue purchasing such products from us. Although we have long-term contracts with such key customers, ranging from terms of one to five years with options for renewal, we may experience a reduction in the amount of business we obtain from our customers, which could be due to circumstances specific to them, such as pricing pressures, or adverse market conditions affecting our supply chain or the pharmaceutical industry, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. See “— _The COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency, could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._ ” on page 40 for details. A reduction in the amount of business we obtain from our customers, or the loss of one or more of our key customers, in particular our largest customer in terms of revenue from operations, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

# **3.** **_We are dependent on Europe and the United States, which are regulated markets, for a significant portion of our revenue from operations._** 

We are dependent on Europe and the United States, which are regulated markets, for a significant portion of our revenue from operations. The following table sets forth a breakdown of our revenue from sales of products by geography for the years/periods indicated: 

||**20**<br>|**21**<br>**Contribution**<br>|**Financ**<br>**20**<br>|**ial Year**<br>**22**<br>**Contribution**<br>|**2**<br>|**023**<br>**Contribution to**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Revenue from**<br>**sales of**<br>**products**<br>**(₹ millions)**|**to total**<br>**revenue from**<br>**sales of**<br>**products**<br>**(%)**|**Revenue from**<br>**sales of**<br>**products**<br>**(₹ millions)**|**to total**<br>**revenue from**<br>**sales of**<br>**products**<br>**(%)**|**Revenue from**<br>**sales of**<br>**products**<br>**(₹ millions)**|<br>**total revenue**<br>**from sales of**<br>**products**<br>**(%)**|
|Europe|3,940.19|79.73%|5,147.85|76.06%|<br>5,351.41|<br>74.49%|
|India|716.55|14.50%|1,159.70|17.14%|1,001.84|<br>13.94%|



30 

||**20**|**21**<br>**Contrib**|**ution**|**Financi**<br>**202**|**al Year**<br>**2**<br>**Contribution**||**2**|**023**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Revenue from**<br>**sales of**<br>**products**<br>**(₹ millions)**|**to tot**<br>**revenue**<br>**sales**<br>**produ**<br>**(%**|**al**<br>**from**<br>**of**<br>**cts**<br>**)**|**Revenue from**<br>**sales of**<br>**products**<br>**(₹ millions)**<br>|**to total**<br>**revenue from**<br>**sales of**<br>**products**<br>**(%)**|**Revenue**<br>**sales**<br>**produ**<br>**(₹ milli**|**from**<br>**of**<br>**cts**<br>**ons)**|**Contribution to**<br>**total revenue**<br>**from sales of**<br>**products**<br>**(%)**|
|USA|170.13||3.44%|<br>282.96|4.18%|<br>3|50.81|<br>4.88%|
|Others|115.23||2.33%|<br>177.29|2.62%|<br>4|80.75|<br>6.69%|
|**Total**|**4942.10**|**10**|**0.00%**|**6767.80**|**100.00%**|**71**|**84.81 **|<br>**100.00%**|
||**,**<br>|**20**<br>|**22**<br>**Cont**|**,**<br>**Three Months**<br>**ribution to total**|**ended June 30,**<br>|**,**<br><br>**20**<br>|<br>**23**<br>**Cont**|<br><br>**ribution to total**|
||**Revenue from**<br>**product**<br>**(₹ millio**|**sales of**<br>**s**<br>**ns)**|<br>**reven**|<br>**ue from sales of**<br>**products**<br>**(%)**|**Revenue from**<br>**produc**<br>**(₹ millio**|**sales of**<br>**ts**<br>**ns)**|<br>**reve**|<br>**nue from sales of**<br>**products**<br>**(%)**|
|Europe||927.38||64.39%||1,384.97||77.52%|
|India||274.43||19.05%||218.61||12.24%|
|USA||88.18||6.12%||70.57||3.95%|
|Others||150.30||10.44%||112.41||6.29%|
|**Total**||**1,440.29**||**100.00%**||**1,786.56**||**100.00%**|



Our business is and may continue to be dependent on the continued growth of the European and United States markets. If market growth in these regions decrease, market acceptance for our competitors’ products in these regions increase and results in substitution, or we fail to respond to changes in market conditions or customer preferences in these regions, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

There is no assurance that our sales to these regions will not decline in the future as a result of increased competition, regulatory action, acts of war or laws, rules and regulations of such regions. While the Russian-Ukrainian war has not had an adverse effect on our business, such acts of war or resulting disruptions may in the future have an adverse effect on our business. As such, a reduction in the amount of business we obtain from Europe or the United States, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

# **4.** **_If we are not able to commercialize new products in a timely manner, our business, financial condition and prospects will be adversely affected._** 

Our success and competitiveness depend significantly on our ability to successfully commercialize our products under development in a timely manner. In the Financial Years 2021, 2022 and 2023 and the three months ended June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023, we commercialized four, two, eight, two, and nil new products, respectively. For details of our commercialized product portfolios, see “ _Our Business — Contrast Media Intermediates — Commercialized Product Portfolio_ ”, “ _Our Business — High-intensity Sweetener — Commercialized Product Portfolio_ ” and “ _Our Business — Pharma Intermediate and API Business — Commercialized Product Portfolio_ ” on pages 148, 150 and 150, respectively. The commercialization process is both time consuming and costly, and involves a high degree of business risk. During this time, our competitors may be developing similar products of which we are unaware of and that could compete directly or indirectly with our products under development. Such unforeseen competition may hinder our ability to effectively time the launch of our new products, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Although we have not experienced any instances of delay in commercialization of new products during the last three Financial Years and the three months ended June 30, 2023, we cannot assure you that this will not occur in the future. 

Our products currently under development, if and when fully developed and tested, may not perform as we expect, or necessary regulatory approvals may not be obtained in a timely manner, or at all, and we may not be able to successfully and profitably produce and market such products. Even if we are successful in developing a new product, such product may become subject to litigation by other parties claiming that our product infringes on their patents or may be seized in transit by regulatory authorities for alleged infringement of third-party intellectual property rights or may be otherwise unsuccessful in the market due 

31 

to the introduction of superior products by our competitors. Moreover, it may take an extended period of time for our new products to gain market acceptance, if at all. 

To (i) develop and improve our products and (ii) optimize production processes, we commit substantial time, effort and other resources towards our research and development (“ **R&D** ”) activities. Our dedicated R&D laboratory is located in Ambernath, Maharashtra. See “ _Our Business — Description of Our Business — Research and Development_ ” on page 153. We may invest in new R&D facilities and hire additional R&D staff in the future in line with our expansion plans. However, there is no assurance that such investments and hiring plans will materialise, or that the expansion of our R&D facilities will not experience delays. In addition, we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain our R&D staff or find adequate replacements in a timely manner, or at all. 

# **5.** **_Our inability to successfully expand our production capacity could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

As of June 30, 2023, we operated three manufacturing facilities, which are located in Shahad (Unit I), Ambernath (Unit II) and Mahad (Unit III), in the state of Maharashtra, India, with an aggregate annual production capacity of 1,020.90 KL. See _“Our Business — Description of Our Business –– Manufacturing Facilities and Accreditations — Production Capacity, Production Volumes and Capacity Utilization_ ” on page 152. In accordance with our growth strategy to increase our pharma intermediate and API manufacturing capabilities, we acquired a greenfield manufacturing site (Unit IV) in Ambernath, Maharashtra in the Financial Year 2021 to build several multi-purpose blocks. In addition, we are expanding the production capacity at the Unit III facility. Subject to obtaining approvals and construction progress, we expect that the production capacity expansion at Unit III to be completed during the Financial Year 2024. Once the capacity expansion at Unit III is completed and Unit IV is operational, we estimate our total annual production capacity across all four units to be 1,513.6 KL. For further details, see “ _Our Business — Our Strategies — Build additional production capacity to keep in step with the envisaged increase in customer demands_ ” on page 144. The expansion of existing production capacities and the addition of new manufacturing facilities are subject to certain risks that could result in delays or cost overruns, which could require us to expend additional capital and, as a result, adversely affect our business and operating results. 

These risks include: 

- delays or failure in securing the necessary governmental and other regulatory approvals; 

- subsequent amendments to any laws or regulations; 

- shortages and late delivery of building materials and facility equipment and shortage of construction workers; 

- delays in the delivery, installation, commissioning and qualification of manufacturing equipment; 

- design or construction changes with respect to building space or equipment layout; 

- insufficient demand for our products resulting in under-utilization of our expanded capacities; and 

- changes in our existing plans necessitated by market conditions. 

Our inability to manage the expansion of production capacity effectively and implement our growth strategy in a timely manner, or within budget estimates, or our inability to optimally utilize our current and new manufacturing facilities, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

# **6.** **_A slowdown or shutdown in our manufacturing operations could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our manufacturing and R&D facilities are all located in Maharashtra, India. For more information, see “ _— Our manufacturing facilities and procurement operations are concentrated in one state and any adverse developments affecting this region could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._ ” on page 39. Our business and competitiveness are dependent upon our ability to manage our manufacturing and R&D facilities, which are subject to various uncertainties, including 

32 

shortages of electrical power, fuel or water resources, productivity of our workforce, compliance with regulatory requirements, production costs and product quality, among others. Other factors beyond our control include fire, breakdown and failure of equipment, industrial accidents, severe weather conditions, natural disasters, outbreak of infectious disease such as COVID-19, and adverse effects of climate change (both physical and transition) such as heatwaves and droughts. Any significant malfunction or breakdown of our machinery relating to our manufacturing and R&D activities may entail significant repair and maintenance costs and cause delays in our operations. Moreover, some of our products are manufactured at certain facilities which have received specific approvals, and any shutdown of such facility will result in us being unable to manufacture certain products for the duration of such shutdown. 

On June 10, 2023, a fire took place at one of the manufacturing blocks at our manufacturing facility located in Ambernath (Unit II) (the “ **Fire** ”), which resulted in a shutdown of our manufacturing operations at Unit II for approximately 48 hours. Based on an internal investigation, it was concluded that the Fire was an accident that had occurred on account of an increase in pressure and temperature, which resulted in an explosion of the feed pump, subsequently causing a breach in the adjoining nitric acid tank, resulting in both fire and the release of fumes. After the Fire, we engaged an external safety consultant to review the safety of the manufacturing facility located in Ambernath (Unit II) and to issue a rapid safety audit report, which included, among other things, certain suggestions and observations such as the translation of the policy on operational health and safety in Marathi, the formulation of a separate procedure for plant modification covering the safety aspects of the change, the training of safety officers by external organizations etc. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we are in the process of incorporating these suggestions and observations. 

Further, the Fire resulted in injuries to six workers, five of which were on a contract basis, and two personnel of the fire brigade. One of the five contract workers succumbed to his injuries. While manufacturing operations have since resumed at Unit II, there is currently a slowdown in manufacturing operations at such manufacturing block because of ongoing renovation works to repair the damaged machinery and equipment. We do not expect any further slowdown in our manufacturing operations at Unit II as a result of the Fire, and we also do not expect this incident to have a material financial effect on our business, as we expect to be able to continue to fulfill customer orders for our products in the near future. Apart from the Fire, which caused damage to machinery and equipment and resulted in a slowdown at such manufacturing block, we have not experienced any significant malfunction or breakdown of our machinery and equipment, or disruption, slowdown or shutdown of our operations. Any failure of such systems, mishandling of hazardous chemicals or any adverse incident related to the use of these chemicals or otherwise during the manufacturing process or storage of products and certain raw materials, may cause industrial accidents, fire, loss of human life, damage to our and third-party property and, or, environmental damage. Therefore, our inability to effectively respond to any such event in the future, in a timely manner and at an acceptable cost, could lead to delays in the entire production cycle, inability to comply with our customers’ requirements and loss of revenue from operations to us and our customers. 

Further, as of June 30, 2023, we employed a total of 407 permanent employees, including 54 R&D team members. Among our total employee base, we had attrition of 17.50%, 16.97%, 17.55%, 4.41% and 2.95% for the Financial Years 2021, 2022 and 2023 and the three months ended June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023, respectively. Although as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have not experienced any strikes or labor unrest in the past, we cannot assure you that we will not experience disruptions in work in the future due to disputes or other problems with our workforce. Any strike or labor unrest directed against us could directly or indirectly prevent or hinder our normal operating activities, and, if not resolved in a timely manner, could lead to disruptions in our operations, which in turn could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

# **7.** **_Certain documents filed by us with the Registrar of Companies and certain corporate records and other documents, are not traceable._** 

Our Company is unable to trace certain corporate records and regulatory filings made by us. These include corporate records and regulatory filings made in relation to certain allotments, including form filings, share transfer forms and minutes of Board and Shareholders’ meetings. 

Accordingly, we had commissioned a physical and electronic search of the RoC records through a practicing company secretary firm, Kush Gupta & Co, to retrieve missing documents and identify any secondary documents that can be relied upon for issuances of Equity Shares by the Company, transfers of Equity Shares to the shareholders of our Company and other corporate actions. In addition, the practicing 

33 

company secretary firm also reached out to our Promoters and members of our Promoter Group involved in certain transfers to ascertain availability of any documentation with them. Pursuant to the foregoing, the practicing company secretary firm has issued its report dated September 1, 2022 (“ **Search Report** ”). The key observations in relation to the Search Report are as follows: 

- a) <u>Destroyed forms and records: The practicing company secretary firm was unable to locate certain</u> documents relating to years 1972 to 2008 at the office of the RoC primarily because these forms and records were destroyed by the RoC as per the Companies (Preservation and Disposal of Records) Rules, 1966 (the “ **1996 Rules** ”) and details of these destroyed forms were also missing from the register which is maintained by the RoC under the 1996 Rules. 

- b) <u>Nature of forms and records missing: The nature of forms and records the practicing company</u> secretary firm was unable to locate are in relation to certain allotments and corporate actions by our Company, include: (i) Form 2s, and the accompanying challans, (ii) annual returns, (iii) form 18 and accompanying challan, (iv) share transfer forms, (v) board resolutions. We cannot assure you that the regulatory filings or corporate records which we have not been able to locate will be available in the future, or that the information gathered in this regard is correct, or that the regulatory filings were done in accordance with applicable law or at all or in timely manner. 

Consequently, certain disclosures in this Red Herring Prospectus in relation to the names of allottees, issue price, name of transferor(s) and transfer consideration for these issuances, including one transfer to Akshay Bansarilal Arora and one transfer by Akshay Bansarilal Arora have been determined on the basis of other ancillary documents obtained by the practicing company secretary such as share certificates, certified true copy of the minutes of the Board meeting, annual returns, statement of transaction and certifications in the form of letters, issued by transferors (where alive) and transferees for all such transfers. Further, certain of our corporate records, including minutes of the meeting of the Board do not contain details of the nature of allotments made, hence, we face challenges establishing the same, and have relied on ancillary documents to make certain disclosures. For details of such allotments, transfers and transmissions, see “ _Capital Structure — Notes to the Capital Structure_ ” on page 79, and “ _Capital Structure — Details of Shareholding of our Promoters, members of the Promoter Group in our Company”_ on page 86. Additionally, while no disputes or penalties have arisen or been imposed in connection with these corporate records and other documents as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we cannot assure you that no dispute or penalties shall arise or be imposed in the future. 

# **8.** **_We have not filed our audited consolidated financial statements for Financial Year 2020 in a timely manner, and any such delays in regulatory compliance could adversely affect our business._** 

While we had a subsidiary, Adhir Barter Private Limited, during Financial Year 2020, our Company adopted the audited standalone financial statements for Financial Year 2020 at our AGM held on December 31, 2020, and did not adopt the audited consolidated financial statements. Our Company adopted audited consolidated financial statements for Financial Year 2020 at our board meeting held on July 19, 2022 and shareholders’ meeting held on August 5, 2022, and made an application in GNL-1 with the RoC for cancelling the Form AOC-4 XBRL filed for Financial Year 2020, and to allow our Company to refile the form with audited consolidated financial statements along with the audited standalone financial statements. The application was approved by the RoC on October 10, 2022. There can be no assurance that the RoC will not take an adverse view in the future and impose penalties on our Company in this regard or will not prescribe any additional procedure to be followed, which may include filing for a compounding application or seeking NCLT approval for refiling of the audited consolidated financial statements along with the audited standalone financial statements. Any delay or failure in complying with the regulatory requirements could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**9.** **_Any manufacturing or quality control problems may subject us to regulatory action or litigation, or breach of our contractual arrangements with customers, resulting in damage of our reputation and have an adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

We operate manufacturing facilities in India and a substantial portion of our products are exported outside of India. Consequently, in addition to Indian regulations, we are required to comply with laws, regulations and quality standards stipulated by international regulatory agencies. We have obtained approvals from certain international regulatory agencies, including the US-FDA, that enable us to distribute our products in the relevant markets. In particular, the preparedness of audit inspection of our Unit II facility began in the year 2018, following which our Unit II facility was inspected in September 2019 by US-FDA and it 

34 

received the US-FDA establishment inspection report in November 2019. In connection with maintaining and periodically renewing these approvals, we are subject to various requirements imposed by such regulatory agencies in respect of, among others, research and development, testing, manufacturing, safety, hygiene and storage. Our manufacturing facilities and products are subject to periodic inspections and audits by such regulatory agencies. We have not experienced any regulatory actions in the past because of our failure to comply with such requirements. However, any such regulatory actions in the future, including warning letters, temporary or permanent restrictions to market and sell our products in certain jurisdictions or withdrawal of approvals for us to market or sell our products in certain jurisdictions may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. It may also affect approvals of new products from the relevant manufacturing facility. For more information, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” and “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on pages 160 and 304, respectively. 

In particular, pursuant to the inspection of our Unit II (Ambernath) facility by US-FDA in the Financial Year 2018, certain observations were issued. Our Company responded to the same and a US-FDA Establishment Inspection Report was issued in November 2019. Subsequently, our Company took the necessary remedial actions and submitted responses in respect to the observations, thereafter, received an acknowledgment of the receipt of our responses. Similarly, in July 2019, the State Food and Drug Administration (“ **FDA** ”) along with the Central Drugs Standard Control Organisation (“ **CDSCO** ”) inspected our Unit II (Ambernath) facility and issued certain observations such as delay in validation of HVAC system, validation of RLAF in store and temperature mapping, temperature and pressure difference in centrifuge room. Our Company responded to the same, and the inspection of compliance was verified by the representatives from the said authority on February 5, 2020. Pursuant to the verification, the CDSCO issued a Good Manufacturing Practices (“ **GMP** ”) compliance certificate according to the World Health Organization (“ **WHO** ”) standards in July 2021. 

We are also required to meet quality standards and other specifications set out in our contractual arrangements with customers, and our manufacturing facilities and products are subject to inspections and audits by our customers. We will be in breach of contractual obligations to our customers if we are not in compliance with the contractual quality requirements with them. Although there was no liability claim caused by our failure to comply with the contractual quality requirements with customers in the past, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected if we fail to do so in the future. 

# **10.** **_We are exposed to counterparty credit risk and any delay in receiving payments or non-receipt of payments may adversely impact our results of operations._** 

We are subject to counterparty credit risk and a significant delay in receiving large payments or non-receipt of large payments may adversely impact our results of operations. We extend credit to our customers in the ordinary course of business and consequently, we face uncertainty regarding outstanding trade receivables. We typically have credit terms of 30 to 180 days with our customers. As of March 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 and June 30, 2022 and 2023, our gross trade receivables were ₹1,440.04 million, ₹2,274.81 million, ₹2,395.25 million, ₹1,904.33 million and ₹2,246.87 million, respectively, of which, allowance for trade receivables which have significant increase in credit risk / credit impaired were nil, ₹0.41 million, ₹1.43 million, ₹0.85 million and ₹3.13 million, respectively. We have provided allowance for such doubtful debts. See “ _Restated Ind AS Financial Information_ — _Notes to Restated Financial Information — Note 9: Trade Receivables_ ” on page 228. There is no assurance that we will accurately assess the creditworthiness of our existing or future customers. Further, macroeconomic conditions which are beyond our control, such as a potential credit crisis in the global financial system or impacts resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, could also result in financial difficulties for our customers, including limited access to the credit markets, insolvency or bankruptcy. Such conditions could cause our customers to delay payment, request modifications of their payment terms, or default on their payment obligations to us, all of which could increase our receivables. Timely collection of trade receivables due from customers also depends on our ability to complete our contractual commitments and subsequently bill for and collect from our clients. If we are unable to meet our contractual obligations, we may experience delays in the collection of, or be unable to collect, our trade receivables, which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. 

**11.** **_Our manufacturing facilities, R&D facilities, and Registered Office are situated on leasehold lands. Failure to comply with the conditions of the use of such land could result in an adverse impact on our business and operations. Further, there can be no assurance that these lease agreements will be renewed upon termination or that we will be able to obtain other premises on lease on same or similar commercial terms._** 

35 

Our manufacturing facilities and R&D facilities located in Ambernath and Mahad in Maharashtra are situated on leasehold lands. In addition, in the Financial Year 2021, we acquired a “greenfield” manufacturing site on a leasehold basis also in Ambernath (Unit IV). For further details, see “ _Our Business — Description of Our Business –– Manufacturing Facilities and Accreditations_ ” and “ _Our Business — Description of Our Business –– Properties_ ” on pages 151 and 159, respectively. 

Under the terms of some of our lease arrangements, we are required to comply with certain ongoing conditions which include, among others, various compliance requirements such as prohibitions against excavating any part of the said land and erecting any building or structure other than certain exempted constructions or without the prior approval of MIDC, maintenance of access roads, as well as making prescribed arrangements for effluent treatment and complying with applicable pollution control norms. See “ _Our Business — Description of Our Business — Properties_ ” on page 159. Failure to comply with the conditions of use of such land could result in our inability to continue, renew or extend our lease agreements at commercially acceptable terms, or at all. Termination of such lease arrangements due to any breach, or our failure to renew such agreements on favorable conditions and in a timely manner, or at all, could require us to vacate such facilities, and could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Such lease and license agreements also include escalation clauses that provide for an increase in license fee payable by us during the term of such agreements. Occurrence of any of the above events could affect our business and operations. For further details regarding our leased properties, see “ _Our Business — Properties_ ” on page 159. 

Our Company has entered into a leave and license agreement with our Promoter, Shiven Akshay Arora, for our Registered and Corporate Office, situated at 701, 702, 7th Floor, Bhumiraj Costarica, Sector 18, Sanpada, Navi Mumbai, Thane – 400 705, Maharashtra, India. See “ _Our Business — Description of Our Business –– Properties_ ” on page 159 for details. These arrangements may be terminated in accordance with their respective terms, and any termination or non-renewal of leases or arrangements could adversely affect our operations. We cannot assure you that we will be able to renew any such arrangements when the term of the original arrangement expires, on similar terms or on terms reasonable for us or that such arrangements will not be prematurely terminated (including for reasons that may be beyond our control). The failure to identify suitable premises for relocation of existing properties, if required, could have an adverse effect on our production, prospects, business and results of operations. 

# **12.** **_Our Statutory Auditors and previous statutory auditors have included certain observations for the Financial Years 2021 and 2022 as required under the Companies (Auditor's Report) Order, 2016 / Companies (Auditor's Report) Order, 2020, as applicable._** 

Our Statutory Auditors and previous statutory auditors have included certain observations for the Financial Years 2021 and 2022 in their reporting under the Companies (Auditor’s) Report Order, 2016 or the Companies (Auditor's Report) Order, 2020, as applicable. For example, in the Financial Years 2021 and 2022, certain delays and defaults were observed in the repayment of loans or borrowings and interest thereon to banks. While these loans have been repaid by the Company, any failure to satisfactorily comply with any condition or covenant (including repayment obligations) under any new financing agreements we may enter into in the future could have adverse effects on our financial condition, cash flows and prospects. 

Further, in the Financial Year 2022, certain material differences and reconciliation items were observed in the quarterly stock statements filed by our Company with certain banks or financial institutions from which we have sanctioned working capital, as compared to the unaudited books of accounts maintained by our Company. In addition, in the Financial Year 2022, undisputed statutory dues, including goods and services tax, provident fund, employees’ state insurance, income tax and other statutory dues, have not been regularly deposited with the appropriate authorities. These delays were mostly due to operational inefficiencies. For further information, see “ _Restated Ind AS Financial Information – Auditor's Comments in Company Auditor's Report Order (CARO) and Internal Financial controls report: Non - Adjusting Items_ ” on page 214. 

There can be no assurance that any similar observations will not form part of the audit reports on our financial statements for future fiscal periods, or that such observations will not affect our financial results in future fiscal periods. Investors should consider these observations in evaluating our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Any such observations on our financial statements in the future may also adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

36 

# **13.** **_Our inability to accurately forecast demand for our products and manage our inventories may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our business depends on our estimate of the long-term demand for our products from our customers. As is typical in the pharmaceutical industry, we also maintain a reasonable level of inventories of raw materials, work-in-progress and finished goods. As of March 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 and June 30, 2022 and 2023, our inventories amounted to ₹1,177.16 million, ₹1,050.31 million, ₹1,256.58 million, ₹1,131.98 million and ₹1,330.96 million, respectively. If we underestimate demand or have inadequate manufacturing capacity due to which we are unable to meet the demand for our products, we may manufacture fewer quantities of products than required, which could result in a loss of business and damage to our reputation. While we forecast the demand for our products and accordingly plan our production volumes, any changes in estimates could result in surplus stock, which may not be sold in a timely manner. Further, although we have the ability to store certain levels of excess output, each of our products has a shelf life in the range of two to five years and may lead to losses if they remain unsold prior to expiry or lead to health hazards if used after expiry. Our customers also have the right to return or reject our products in the event that the products do not conform to the quality standards set out under the agreements. In the Financial Years 2021, 2022 and 2023 and the three months ended June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023, ₹34.43 million, ₹20.32 million, ₹7.66 million, nil and nil, respectively, of our sales, representing 0.69%, 0.30%, 0.11%, nil and nil of our revenue of operations, respectively, were returned on account of quality defects. Further, based on the products we manufacture, or the markets we serve, the purchase orders that our customers place with us differ from quarter to quarter, and we expect this trend to continue in the future. Although our long-term relationships with our customers provide us with visibility of their volume offtake in the near future and we may base our production capacity on our medium- to long-term supply contracts with them as well as their forecast of procurement volume, we cannot assure you such estimates or forecast would be accurate. Our inability to accurately forecast demand for our products and manage our inventories may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

**14.** **_The interests of some of our Directors and our Promoters may conflict with our interests or with the best interests of our other Shareholders._** 

Some of our Directors may have investments or interests in entities engaged in businesses similar to ours, or share common business objectives with us, which may, in the future, result in conflicts of interest with us, including entities forming a part of our Promoter Group and Group Companies. For example, our Promoter and Executive Chairman, Akshay Bansarilal Arora, is on the board of two of the entities forming part of our Promoter Group and Group Companies, Blue Circle Speciality Chemicals Private Limited and Chinar Chemicals Private Limited which are in the similar lines of business as our Company. While these businesses do not presently compete with our Company, and accordingly there are no conflicts of interest, we cannot assure you that our Promoters, Promoter Group, Directors, their related entities and our Group Companies will not compete with us in the future. Further, our Executive Director, Naresh Suryakant Shah, is also a shareholder in BC Bio Sciences Private Limited, which is engaged in a similar line of business as our Company. We cannot assure you that our Directors will not provide competitive services or otherwise compete in business lines in which we are already present or will enter into in the future. Furthermore, the interests of some of our Directors and Promoters may divert time and resources from their responsibilities with our Company. In addition, by virtue of their shareholding, our Promoters will continue to exercise significant control over us, including being able to determine the outcome of director elections and decisions requiring a majority of the total voting power of our Shareholders. The interests of our Promoters may conflict in material aspects with our interests or with the best interests of our other Shareholders and our Promoters may not take decisions in our best interests. However, the actions taken by our Company will be subject to the approval of our Board or Shareholders, as necessary under the Companies Act and the Listing Regulations. For more details, see “ _Our Management_ ”, “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group”_ and “ _Group Companies”_ on pages 176, 195, and 200, respectively. 

Further, our Promoter and Executive Chairman, Akshay Bansarilal Arora, is also involved in the capacity of a partner, in the following entities, which undertake real estate business as developers: (i) Blue Circle Homes; (ii) Shivyesh Developers; (iii) Sunderniwas Properties LLP; (iv) Revanta Estates; and (v) Blue Circle Infratech. We cannot assure you that the other engagements will not be prioritised over our business. 

**15.** **_The trademark used by us is licensed to us by our Promoter, Akshay Bansarilal Arora, and is not owned by us. If we are unable to protect our proprietary information or other intellectual property, our business may be adversely affected._** 

37 



<!-- Start of picture text -->
GG<br><!-- End of picture text -->

of raw materials from our suppliers from February to March 2020, due to logistics disruptions as a result of COVID-19, which had an impact of disrupting our supply chain and adversely affecting our imports of raw materials. There is no assurance that logistics disruptions will not occur in the future if the COVID-19 pandemic continues. See “— _The COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency, could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows_ .” on page 40. Our suppliers may be unable to meet our quality requirements. In addition, they may encounter financial hardship unrelated to our demand for raw materials, which could impede their ability to fulfil our orders and meet our requirements. Further, as we may not be a major customer of some of our suppliers, they may prioritize orders of their other customers over us from time to time. If our suppliers fail to provide the raw materials or technical know-how required for our operations for any reason, or supply to our competitors, our operations could be disrupted. We are also dependent on third-party transport providers to supply raw materials purchased from our suppliers in a timely manner. Despite our efforts in backward integration which has enabled us to manufacture certain key starting materials in-house for high-intensity sweeteners, our inability to continue to obtain raw materials from third parties, in a timely manner or at all, could lead to the slowdown or shut-down of our operations or the under-utilization of our manufacturing facilities, which in turn may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Further, in the event of an increase in the price of raw materials, our product costs will also correspondingly increase, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to correspondingly increase the price of our products to offset such costs. 

Any such reductions or interruptions in the supply of raw materials, abrupt increase in the prices of raw materials, inability on our part to find alternative sources for the procurement of such raw materials or disruption in transportation of raw materials may have an adverse effect on our ability to manufacture or deliver our products in a timely or cost-effective manner and we may be in breach of our contractual obligations to our customers. The occurrence of any such event may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

# **17.** **_We face foreign exchange risks that could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows._** 

A significant portion of our total revenue from operations is denominated in currencies other than Indian Rupees. For the Financial Years 2021, 2022 and 2023 and the three months ended June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023, exports to regions outside India accounted for ₹4,225.55 million, ₹5,608.10 million, ₹6,182.97 million, ₹1,165.86 million and ₹1,567.95 million, representing 84.69%, 82.05%, 85.76%, 80.67% and 87.33%, respectively, of our revenue from operations. We recorded net exchange gain of ₹46.22 million, ₹167.53 million, ₹147.66 million, ₹41.82 million and ₹12.66 million respectively, for the Financial Years 2021, 2022 and 2023 and the three months ended June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023, respectively. We monitor our exposure to foreign currencies and selectively enter into hedging transactions in an attempt to reduce the risks of currency fluctuations. See “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ — _Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures about Financial Risk_ — _Market Risk_ — _Foreign Currency Risk_ ” on page 295 for details. However, these activities are not always sufficient to protect us against incurring potential losses if currencies fluctuate significantly. We are in the process of finalising a hedging policy. Although we did not experience losses due to any failure to hedge foreign exchange risks in the past three Financial Years and the three months ended June 30, 2023, we cannot assure you that this will not occur in the future. In addition, the policies of the RBI may also change from time to time, which may limit our ability to effectively hedge our foreign currency exposures and may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. 

# **18.** **_Our manufacturing facilities and procurement operations are concentrated in one state and any adverse developments affecting this region could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

All of our infrastructure, manufacturing facilities and business operations are currently concentrated in Maharashtra, India. We currently operate three manufacturing facilities which are located in Shahad (Unit I), Ambernath (Unit II) and Mahad (Unit III) in the state of Maharashtra, India, with an annual installed capacity of 200.60 KL, 607.30 KL and 213.00 KL, respectively, as of June 30, 2023. We also acquired a leasehold greenfield manufacturing site (Unit IV) in Ambernath in 2021 to build several multi-purpose blocks dedicated to our pharma intermediate and API business. Subject to obtaining approvals, we expect this Unit IV facility will have an estimated installed capacity of 71 KL. For further details, see “ _Our Business — Description of Our Business — Manufacturing Facilities and Accreditations_ ” and “ _Our Business — Description of Our Business — Production Capacity, Production Volumes and Capacity Utilization_ ” on pages 151 and 152, respectively. Accordingly, any significant social, political or economic 

39 

disruption, or natural calamities or civil disruptions in this region, or changes in the policies of the state or local governments of this region or the Government of India, could require us to incur significant capital expenditure, change our business structure or strategy, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **19.** **_We have significant working capital requirements. If we experience insufficient cash flows to fund our working capital requirements, there may be an adverse effect on our business, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Our business requires significant working capital including in connection with our manufacturing operations. The actual amount of our future capital requirements may differ from estimates as a result of, among other factors, unforeseen delays or cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, economic conditions, technological changes, additional market developments and new opportunities in the pharmaceutical and healthcare industry. 

Our sources of additional financing, where required to meet our working capital requirements, may include debts and internal accruals. If we decide to raise additional funds through the incurrence of debts, our interest and debt repayment obligations will increase, which may have a significant effect on our profitability and cash flows. We may also become subject to additional covenants, which could limit our ability to access cash flows from operations and undertake certain types of transactions. In addition, to the extent we receive credit ratings in respect of any of our future borrowings, any subsequent downgrade in those credit ratings may increase interest rates for our future borrowings, which would increase our cost of borrowings and adversely affect our ability to borrow on a competitive basis. Any issuance of equity, on the other hand, would result in a dilution of the shareholding of existing shareholders. 

In many cases, a significant amount of our working capital is required to finance the purchase of raw materials and the manufacturing of products before payment is received from customers. Our working capital requirements may increase if the payment terms in our agreements include reduced advance payments or longer payment schedules. These factors may result in increases in the amount of our receivables and may result in increases in any future short-term borrowings. Such increases in our working capital requirements may have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

# **20.** **_We are dependent on a number of key personnel, including our senior management. Our inability to attract or retain such persons could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our performance depends largely on the efforts and abilities of our senior management and other key personnel, such as our R&D and quality control teams. For further details, see “ _Our Management_ ” on page 176. We believe that the inputs and experience of our senior management and other key personnel are valuable for the growth and development of business and operations and the strategic directions taken by our Company. We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain these key personnel or find adequate replacements in a timely manner, or at all. A loss of the services of our key personnel may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The continued operations and growth of our business is also dependent upon our ability to attract and retain employees who have the necessary experience and expertise. Competition for qualified personnel with relevant industry expertise in India is intense. Among our total employee base, we had attrition of 17.50%, 16.97%, 17.55%, 4.41% and 2.95% for the Financial Years 2021, 2022 and 2023 and the three months ended June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023, respectively. We may require a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when qualified personnel terminate their employment with us. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting or retaining employees that our business requires. The loss of the services of such persons may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **21.** **_The COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency, could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency could have, repercussions across global economies and financial markets. The outbreak of COVID-19 in many countries, including India, has significantly and adversely impacted economic activity and has contributed 

40 

to significant volatility and negative pressure in financial markets, and it is possible that the outbreak of COVID-19 will cause a prolonged global economic crisis, recession or depression, despite monetary and fiscal interventions by governments and central banks globally. 

The global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has been rapidly evolving. As cases of COVID-19 have continued to be identified, many jurisdictions, including the governments of India and the other markets in which we conduct business, have reacted by instituting restrictive measures including invoking lock downs and quarantines, requiring the closure of non-essential businesses and placing restrictions on the types of businesses that may continue to operate, mandating restrictions on travel and movement, implementing “stay-at-home” orders, and enforcing remote working regulations. 

On March 24, 2020, the Government of India ordered a national lockdown in response to the spread of COVID-19. Our business was determined to be operating in an essential industry, which allowed us to continue our operations subsequent to the introduction of the lockdown in India, subject to certain adjustments in working patterns. In late 2021, the Omicron variant of COVID-19 led to another surge in infections. In response, local governments started enforcing various restrictions, such as curfew and closure of establishments to prevent crowding. 

While the COVID-19 pandemic has not had any material adverse impact on our sales and distributions domestically and internationally, there can be no assurance that there will not be any material impact on our operations if the outbreak of COVID-19 and subsequent “waves” are not effectively controlled. Although restrictions have now been eased, it is not yet clear whether further restrictions will be announced. Further, although we were declared an essential business and were able to adjust our business to continue operating during the lockdown, there can be no assurance that further restrictions will not be introduced or that we will continue to retain such essential status. Further, we may be required to quarantine employees that are suspected of being infected of COVID-19, as well as others that have come into contact with those employees or shut down our manufacturing facilities as a health measure, which could have an adverse effect on our business operations or result in a delay in the production and supply of products to our customers. That said, during the Financial Years 2021, 2022 and 2023 and the three months ended June 30, 2023, we did not experience material non-fulfilment of our contractual obligations, and none of our material contracts were terminated or modified. Restrictions on manpower movement during the lockdown impacted our manufacturing operations and capacity expansion projects, as well as increased our operation costs. If any of our suppliers are affected by COVID-19 to the extent our supply chain is disrupted, this may affect our ability to meet the demand of our customers. For instance, we have experienced some logistics disruptions in the supply of raw materials from our suppliers during the period from February to March 2020 as well as an increase in transport costs as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak. While there were certain delays in the repayment of loans or borrowings to banks for the Financial Years 2021 and 2022, which were subsequently paid off, we did not experience any moratoriums imposed on our borrowings, restructuring of our borrowings or any inability to extend loan tenures. 

The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency impacts our business, operations and financial results will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict. Some of these include the scope, severity, and duration of the pandemic; actions taken by governments, business and individuals in response to the pandemic; the effect on customer demand for and ability to pay for our products; the impact on our capital expenditure and development projects; disruptions or restrictions on our employees’ and suppliers’ ability to work and travel; volatility in foreign exchange rates; any extended period of remote work arrangements; and strain on our or our customers’ business continuity plans, and resultant operational risk. 

# **22.** **_We are subject to extensive government regulations and if we fail to obtain, maintain or renew the required statutory and regulatory licenses, permits and approvals, our business, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected._** 

Our operations are subject to extensive government regulations governing the Indian and global pharmaceutical market. We are required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory licenses, permits and approvals under central, state and local government rules in India, generally for carrying out our business and for each of our manufacturing facilities. A majority of these approvals require renewal from time to time. Further, since we export a substantial portion of our products, we also need approvals from international regulatory agencies, such as the US-FDA, to distribute our products in the relevant markets, irrespective of whether these products are approved in India. In many of the international markets where our products may be distributed, the approval process for a new product can be complex, 

41 

lengthy and expensive. The time taken to obtain regulatory approvals varies by jurisdiction. For our Unit4 at Morivali, Ambernath, Maharashtra, our Company has received consent from Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation for the transfer of plot from Stewarts and Lloyds of India Limited to our name pursuant to the e-auction process and is currently in the process of such transfer. However, we cannot assure you that in the future, we will receive requisite approvals for Unit-4 in a timely manner or at all. For details of applicable regulations and licenses, permits and approvals relating to our business and operations, including details of any applications made for material approvals that have not been obtained or expired and have not yet been renewed or applied for, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ”, “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” and “ _Our Business — Description of Our Business –– Manufacturing Facilities and Accreditations_ ” on pages 160, 304 and 151, respectively. We are also required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory licenses, permits and approvals for carrying out our business, including authorisations under environmental laws, which are granted for a limited duration and require renewal. While we have not experienced any failure to obtain or renew statutory and regulatory licenses, permits and approvals in the past, we cannot assure you that such licenses, permits and approvals will be issued or granted to us in the future in a timely manner, or at all. If we do not obtain such approvals or are not able to renew the approvals in a timely manner, or at all, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected. 

The licenses, permits and approvals which we are required to obtain and maintain are subject to numerous terms and conditions. Further, if there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable statutory or regulatory requirements or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our licenses, permits and approvals suspended or revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, such as delays in issuance or grant of approvals to us, any of which could adversely affect our business. 

# **23.** **_Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or adequate to protect us against all material hazards, which may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our operations are subject to hazards inherent in manufacturing facilities such as risk of equipment failure, work accidents, fire, earthquakes, flood and other force majeure events, acts of terrorism and explosions including hazards that may cause injury and loss of life, severe damage to and the destruction of property and equipment and environmental damage. We may also be subject to product liability claims if the products that we manufacture are not in compliance with regulatory standards and the terms of our contractual arrangements. Our principal types of insurance coverage include insurance for industrial all risk, product liability, public liability, directors’ and officers’ liability, group medical claim, group personal accident and business travel accident. See “ _Our Business — Description of Our Business — Insurance_ ” on page 157. As of June 30, 2023, our property, plant and equipment and intangible assets and capital work in progress and inventory, excluding stock in transit – raw materials and stock in transit – finished goods, was ₹1,716.13 million and ₹862.07 million, respectively, and the insurance coverage on such assets and inventory was ₹3,705.00 million and ₹910.00 million, respectively, or 215.90% and 106.56%, respectively. In addition, we have insurance coverage on goods in transit. 

On June 10, 2023, a fire took place at one of the manufacturing blocks at our manufacturing facility located in Ambernath (Unit II), which resulted in injury, loss of life and damage to, and destruction of, certain property and equipment. The Fire resulted in injuries to six workers, five of which were on a contract basis, and two personnel of the fire brigade. One of the five contract workers succumbed to his injuries. The loss of plant and machinery and inventory due to the fire amounted to ₹13.91 million, which has been recorded in our financial statements for the three months ended June 30, 2023. Our insurance claims with the insurance company are currently still in progress, and the financial assessment and amount of compensation payable to our Company have not yet been finalized by the insurance company at this stage. There have been no third party claims made against us or regulatory actions initiated against us, as a result of the Fire. During the Financial Years 2021, 2022 and 2023 and the three months ended June 30, 2023, apart from the insurance claims which we have made in relation to the Fire, we did not make any other material insurance claims. 

While we believe that the insurance coverage which we maintain would be reasonably adequate to cover customary risks associated with the operation of our business, we cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honored fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business. Although we have not experienced any instance where we were not able to renew our insurance coverage, we cannot assure you that such renewals in the future will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. 

42 

To the extent that we suffer loss or damage, for which we have not obtained or maintained insurance, which exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

# **24.** **_Our Company is or may be involved in certain legal and regulatory proceedings. Any adverse decision in such proceedings may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations_ .** 

There are outstanding legal and regulatory proceedings involving our Company which are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and other authorities. Such proceedings could divert the management’s time and attention and consume financial resources in their defense or prosecution. The amounts claimed in these proceedings have been disclosed to the extent that such amounts are ascertainable and quantifiable and include amounts claimed jointly and severally, as applicable. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there are no outstanding material legal and regulatory proceedings against our Promoters, Directors and Group Companies. Any unfavorable decision in connection with such proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The summary of such outstanding material legal and regulatory proceedings as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus is set out below: 

|**Name of entity**|**Criminal**<br>**proceedings**|**Tax**<br>**proceedings**|**Statutory**<br>**or**<br>**regulatory**<br>**proceedings**|**Disciplinary**<br>**actions by**<br>**the SEBI or**<br>**or Stock**<br>**Exchanges**<br>**against our**<br>**Promoters**|**Material**<br>**civil**<br>**litigations**|**Aggregate**<br>**amount**<br>**involved**<br>**(₹. in Millions)***|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Company**|||||||
|By the Company|Nil|Nil|Nil||1|Not quantifiable|
|Against<br>the<br>Company|Nil|4|Nil||Nil|9.12^|
|**Directors**||||N.A.|||
|By our Directors|Nil|Nil|Nil||Nil|Nil|
|Against<br>the|Nil|Nil|1||Nil|Not quantifiable|
|Directors|||||||
|**Promoters**|||||||
|By Promoters|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Against<br>Promoters|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|



_*To the extent quantifiable_ 

_^Includes ongoing litigation report involving the Company by an ex-employee for 50% back wages. Our Company has subsequently filed a writ petition before the High Court, at Bombay in this matter. For further details, please see “Outstanding Litigation and Material Litigations – Litigation involving our Company – Litigations by our Company – Civil proceedings”._ 

Search and seizure proceedings were undertaken by the Income-Tax Department at the (a) Registered and Corporate Office, and (b) the premises of the promoter group entity, Blue Circle Infratech, from June 5, 2023 to June 8, 2023, in accordance with the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961 (“ **Search and Seizure** ”). Subsequently, pursuant to an order dated June 8, 2023, passed by the Income-Tax Department, certain books of accounts, documents, cash, digital data (such as mobile phones, laptops, servers, etc.), files, folders, etc., of our Company, were seized by the Income-Tax Department. Such books of accounts, documents, cash, digital data, files, folders, etc., of our Company were subsequently released. Our Company had further received summons from the Income-Tax Department on June 14, 2023, requiring submission of certain data and documents. Our Company had provided the relevant data and documents by way of its reply dated July 3, 2023. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, no further communication has been received by our Company from the Income-Tax Department, and no demand has been raised pursuant to either the Search and Seizure or the above-mentioned summons. 

We cannot assure you that any of these matters will be settled in favor of our Company, or that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. An adverse outcome in any of these proceedings may have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, prospects, results of operations and our reputation. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 300. 

43 

**25.** **_Pricing pressure from customers may affect our gross margin, profitability and ability to increase our prices, which in turn may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

We may experience pricing pressure from customers. In addition, our customers also typically negotiate for discounts in price as the volume of their orders increase. Responding to such pricing pressure while maintaining rigorous quality standards may lead to an erosion of our gross margin, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We may also become less competitive. Estimating amounts of such price reductions is subject to uncertainties, as any price reduction is the result of negotiations and other factors. Accordingly, we need to reduce operating costs in order to maintain profitability. We may also seek price reductions from our suppliers. If we are unable to avoid price reductions from customers or offset such price reductions in the future through improved operating efficiencies, optimized manufacturing processes, sourcing alternatives, lower costs of raw materials and other cost reduction initiatives, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected. 

# **26.** **_We are currently entitled to certain incentive schemes. Any decrease in or discontinuation of such schemes may affect our results of operations._** 

We are currently entitled to certain incentive schemes, such as duty drawback, which represents incentives from the Government of India relating to the export of certain products to certain countries. The duty drawback provisions are described under Section 74 and Section 75 under the Customs Act, 1962. We cannot assure you that we would continue to be eligible for these or similar schemes. For instance, in the past, we benefitted from export incentives, such as the MEIS, for which the benefit was available until April 30, 2022. The discontinuation of the MEIS affected our other operating revenue. We have booked other operating revenue pertaining to export incentives of ₹32.08 million, ₹49.88 million, ₹4.52 million, nil and ₹3.37 million for the Financial Years 2021, 2022 and 2023 and the three months ended June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023, respectively. For further details, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Significant Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations and Financial Condition — Tax and Statutory Incentives_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Results of Operations_ ” on pages 270 and 285, respectively. The decrease in or discontinuation of such schemes or non-compliance with their conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

# **27.** **_If we inadvertently infringe on the patents or intellectual property rights of others, we may be subjected to legal action and our business and reputation may be adversely affected._** 

We operate in an industry characterized by extensive patent litigation, including both litigation by innovator companies relating to purported infringement of innovative products and processes by generic pharmaceuticals and litigation by competitors or innovator companies to delay the entry of a product into the market. We may also be held responsible for the inappropriate handling of our customers’ proprietary rights by our employees. While we were not involved in any patent litigation in the past, patent litigation in the future can result in significant damages being awarded and injunctions that could prevent the manufacture and sale of certain products or require us to pay significant royalties in order to manufacture or sell such products. While it is not possible to predict the outcome of patent litigation, we believe any adverse result of such litigation could include an injunction preventing us from selling our products or payment of significant damages or royalty, which would affect our ability to sell current or future products. The occurrence of any of these events could adversely affect our business, results of operations and reputation. 

# **28.** **_Acquisitions of and investments in other companies, businesses, properties or technologies could result in operating difficulties, dilution and other adverse consequences._** 

As part of our growth strategy, we may from time to time pursue strategic acquisitions of or investments in companies, businesses, properties and technologies. For example, we acquired a brownfield site in the Financial Year 2020 and a greenfield site on a leasehold basis in the Financial Year 2021, in order to augment our manufacturing capacity. See “ _Our Business — Our History_ ” on page 145. We cannot assure you that we will be able to identify suitable opportunities for acquisitions or investments on commercially reasonable terms or obtain the financing necessary for such acquisitions or investments. Acquisitions and investments involve a number of risks, including possible adverse effects on our operating results, diversion of management’s attention, failure to retain key personnel, risks associated with unanticipated 

44 

events or liabilities and possible contravention of applicable laws and contractual obligations in relation to investment and transfer of shareholding, including any pre-emptive rights of existing shareholders of such entities or businesses. We cannot assure you that we will be able to realize synergies and the benefits from our acquisitions, or that we will successfully functionally integrate them into our Company. Further, we cannot assure you that the companies or businesses we may acquire or invest in in the future will be profitable. If we attempt to acquire companies outside of India, we may not be able to satisfy certain regulatory requirements for such acquisitions and may be exposed to additional risks, including those related to integration of operations across different cultures and languages, currency risks and the particular economic, political and regulatory risks associated with the specific countries. In 2019, as part of our corporate restructuring strategy, a merger between Blue Circle Organics Private Limited and Jet Chemicals Private Limited was undertaken to form Blue Jet Healthcare Private Limited. See “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters — Scheme of Merger by absorption amongst our Company, Blue Circle Organics Private Limited and their respective shareholders and creditors_ ” on page 174. We have not undertaken any acquisitions of companies or businesses historically. However, in the future, if any acquisition or investment turn out to be unsuccessful, we may incur additional costs as well as divest the acquisition or investment, which can be costly and time-consuming, and our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

In addition, acquisitions could result in potentially dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses or write-offs of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial condition and may have an adverse impact on the price of our Equity Shares. 

# **29.** **_Non-compliance with and changes in environmental, health and safety and labor laws, or accidents giving rise to civil or criminal liabilities, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation._** 

We are subject to laws and government regulations, including in relation to environmental protection, health and safety and labor. These laws and regulations impose controls on noise levels, storage handling, employee exposure to hazardous substances and other aspects of our manufacturing operations. Further, our products, including the process of manufacture, storage and distribution of such products, are subject to numerous laws and regulations in relation to quality, safety and health. For details on regulations and policies applicable to our business, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 160. 

We handle and use hazardous materials in our manufacturing and R&D activities and improper handling or storage of these materials could result in accidents which may lead to personal injury, loss of life or substantial damage to or destruction of properties and equipment, as well as legal proceedings, suspension of operations or civil or criminal liabilities. We try to prevent such hazards by training our personnel, conducting industrial hygiene assessments and employing other safety measures. On June 10, 2023, a fire, which was caused by a blast that punctured a tank of nitric acid during the manufacturing process, took place at one of the manufacturing blocks at our manufacturing facility located in Ambernath (Unit II), which led to personal injury, loss of life and damage to our machinery and equipment. The Fire resulted in injuries to six workers, five of which were on a contract basis, and two personnel of the fire brigade. One of the five contract workers succumbed to his injuries. For details relating to the Fire, see “ _– A slowdown or shutdown in our manufacturing operations could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._ **_”_** and “ _– Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or adequate to protect us against all material hazards, which may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows_ **_.”_** on pages 32 and 42, respectively. Apart from the Fire, we have not experienced any such accidents arising from our use of hazardous materials in our manufacturing and R&D activities. 

Further, laws and regulations may limit the amount of hazardous and pollutant discharge that our manufacturing facilities may release into the air, soil and water. The discharge of materials that are chemical in nature or of other hazardous substances into the air, soil or water beyond these limits may cause us to be liable to regulatory bodies or third parties. Any of the foregoing could subject us to litigation, which could lower our profits in the event we are found liable. Additionally, the government or the relevant regulatory bodies may take regulatory actions against us, including shutting down our manufacturing plants, which in turn could lead to product shortages that delay or prevent us from fulfilling our obligations to customers. While we have not experienced litigation or regulatory actions arising from hazardous and pollutant discharges in the past, any such incident in the future will adversely affect our business and reputation. 

We are also subject to the labor laws and regulations, including in relation to minimum wage and maximum 

45 

working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and termination of employees, contract labor and work permits. We have incurred and expect to continue incurring costs for compliance with such laws and regulations. 

We have made and expect to continue making expenditures on an on-going basis to comply with all applicable environmental, health and safety and labor laws and regulations. These laws and regulations have, however, become increasingly stringent and it is possible that they will become significantly more stringent in the future. We cannot assure you that we will not be found to be in non-compliance with, or remain in compliance with all applicable environmental, health and safety and labor laws and regulations or the terms and conditions of any consents or permits in the future or that such compliance will not result in a curtailment of production or a material increase in the costs of production. 

# **30.** **_If we are unable to establish and maintain an effective internal control and compliance system, our business and reputation could be adversely affected._** 

We manage regulatory compliance by monitoring and evaluating our internal controls. However, there can be no assurance that deficiencies in our internal controls will not arise, or that we will be able to implement, and continue to maintain, adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls, in a timely manner or at all. 

# **31.** **_Our inability to compete effectively may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and cash flows._** 

We compete with contrast media intermediate manufacturers, high-intensity sweetener manufacturers and pharma intermediate and API manufacturers from both India and overseas. Therefore, it is challenging to improve market share and profitability. In addition, our competitors may set up pure play contrast media intermediate, high-intensity sweetener, pharma intermediate and API businesses similar to our operations, which may impact our market share and profit margins on some or all of our products. Many of our competitors may have more financial, manufacturing, R&D, marketing and other resources, more experience in obtaining regulatory approvals, wider geographic reach, broader product ranges or a stronger sales force. Our competitors may also succeed in developing products that are more effective, popular or cheaper than ours, which may render our products uncompetitive and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

# **32.** **_Negative publicity could damage our reputation and adversely impact our business and financial results._** 

While we have developed our brand and reputation over the years, any negative incidents or adverse publicity could rapidly erode customer trust and confidence in us, particularly if such incidents receive widespread adverse mainstream and social media publicity or attract regulatory enquiries and/or investigations. Negative publicity can result from our own, our customers, or our third-party service providers’ actual or alleged conducts in any number of activities, including quality assurance, technological practices, corporate governance, regulatory compliance, mergers and acquisitions, inadequate protection of customer information, and actions taken by regulatory authorities and community organizations in response to such conducts. Although we take steps to minimize reputational risk in dealing with customers and other constituencies, we are inherently exposed to the risk of negative publicity or perceived negative publicity. We may also be affected by negative public opinions generally on the industries we operate, such as the perceived health risks in the long term as a result of use of saccharine. Similarly, we may also be subject to negative publicity on account of medical studies with adverse claims and findings regarding our products. In addition, the availability of counterfeit pharmaceuticals in the market could also have an adverse effect on the reputation of our products. 

In recent years, there has been a marked increase in the use of social media platforms in India, including blogs, social media websites and applications, and other forms of internet-based communications which allow individual access to a broad audience of customers and other interested persons. The dissemination of inaccurate information online could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition, reputation and prospects, regardless of the accuracy of such information. The damage may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redressal or correction. Other risks associated with the use of social media include negative comments about us, fraud, hoaxes or malicious exposure of false information. Such inappropriate, unverifiable or false information regarding us may be published online or on social media by third parties. 

Although we have not experienced substantial damage due to negative publicity in the past, we cannot 

46 

assure you that this will not occur in the future. Any damage to our brand or our reputation due to negative publicity may result in withdrawal of business by our existing customers and loss of new business from potential customers, increase our costs or lead to litigation, which will adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation. 

# **33.** **_We enter into certain related party transactions in the ordinary course of our business and we cannot assure you that such transactions will not have an adverse effect on our results of operation and financial condition._** 

We have entered into transactions with related parties such as our Promoters, Directors, our Directors’ family members, and entities controlled by our Directors, in the past, and are likely to do so in the future. The table below sets forth a summary of our related party transactions for the Financial Years 2021, 2022 and 2023 and the three months ended June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023: 

|||**Fin**|**ancial Yea**|**r**<br>**T**|**hree Mon**<br>**June**|**ths ended **<br>**30,**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Nature of Transaction**|**Related Party**|**2021**|**2022**|**2023**|<br>**2022**|<br>**2023**|
||||<br>**_(₹_**|<br>**_in millions_**|<br>**_)_**||
|Director’s remuneration|Akshay B Arora|41.00|36.00|36.00|9.00|9.00|
|Director’s remuneration|Shiven A Arora|41.40|36.00|51.66|9.00|13.05|
|Director’s remuneration|Archana A Arora|41.00|4.74|–|–|–|
|Director’s remuneration|Naresh Shah|14.34|22.64|29.97|5.61|9.38|
|Director’s remuneration|Popat B Kedar|0.65|2.50|–|–|–|
|Director’s remuneration|<br>Parenky Chandra Shekar|1.14|2.40|–|–|–|
|Loan repaid to Director|Akshay B Arora|68.68|32.50|–|–|–|
|<br>Sitting Fees|<br>Divya Sameer Momaya|–|–|0.50|–|0.10|
|Sitting Fees|Preeti Gautam Mehta|–|–|0.90|0.15|0.10|
|Sitting Fees|Girish Paman Vanvari|–|–|0.85|0.15|0.10|
|<br>Sitting Fees|Anil Kumar Saboo|–|–|0.25|0.15|–|
|Director commission|Divya Sameer Momaya|–|–|0.30|–|0.08|
|Director commission|Preeti Gautam Mehta|–|–|1.00|0.25|0.25|
|Director commission|Girish Paman Vanvari|–|–|1.00|0.25|0.25|
|Security deposit–Sanpada Office|Shiven A Arora|–|–|3.91|–|–|
|Loan repaid to Director|Archana A Arora|10.90|–|–|–|–|
|<br>Sale of Car|Archana A Arora|0.28|–|–|–|–|
|Salary|Virbala B Arora|6.22|6.72|–<sup>*</sup>|–|–|
|<br>Salary|Archana A Arora|–|31.26|36.00|9.00|9.00|
|Rent|Shiven A Arora|–|–|5.21|–|1.95|
|Consideration paid for purchase of<br>shares of Blue Circle Organics<br>Private Limited|Naresh Shah|31.51|–|–|–|–|
|Professional Charges – Sales<br>marketing|Payal N Shah|3.00|4.80|6.60|1.20|2.10|
|<br>Professional Charges – Sales<br>marketing|Heena N Shah|0.60|2.40|2.50|0.63|–|
|<br>Sales Promotion|Nita Arvind Shah|0.24|0.96|–|–|–|
|Sale of Shares|Chinar Chemicals Private Limited|23.63|–|–|–|–|
|Salary|Karuppannan Ganesh|–|11.25|21.70|5.45|5.45|
|Salary|Sweta Poddar|0.09|0.90|1.67|0.23|0.42|
|<br>Sales Promotion|Madhusudhan Corporation|0.60|2.40|–|–|–|
|Professional fees|Transaction Square LLP|–|–|2.51|–|–|
|Professional fees|<br>Kanga & Co|–|–|0.15|–|–|



*(Net) 

While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis and contain commercially reasonable terms, we cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favorable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. We cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. For details on related party transactions, see “ _Offer Document Summary — Summary of Related Party Transactions_ ” and “ _Restated Ind AS Financial Information_ — _Notes to Restated Financial Information — Note 38: Related Party Disclosures (Ind AS 24)_ on pages 17 and 244, respectively. 

**34.** **_The improper handling, processing or storage of raw materials or products, or spoilage of and damage to such raw materials and products, or any real or perceived contamination in our products, could subject us to regulatory and legal action, damage our reputation and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

47 

The products that we manufacture are subject to risks such as contamination, adulteration and product tampering during their manufacture, transport or storage. We face inherent business risks of exposure to product liability or recall claims in the event that our products fail to meet the required quality standards or are alleged to result in harm to customers. For example, in our contrast media intermediate business, although we extensively test our primary raw material, which is isophthalic acid, there could still be some deviation from prescribed quality standards due to factors such as human error. Although we have not experienced any such deviation due to human error in the past, we cannot assure you that this will not occur in the future. Also, apart from isophthalic acid, certain of our other raw materials and our products are required to be stored, handled and transported at specific temperatures and under certain safety conditions. 

Such risks may be controlled, but not eliminated, by adherence to good manufacturing practices and finished product testing. We have little, if any, control over proper handling once our products are shipped to our customers. We face the risk of legal proceedings and product liability claims being brought by various entities, including consumers, distributors and government agencies for various reasons including for defective or contaminated products sold or services rendered. If we experience a product recall or are a party to a product liability case, we may incur considerable expense in litigation. Although we have not experienced a product recall and have not been party to a product liability case, we cannot assure you that we will not experience product recalls or product liability losses in the future. Although we have product liability insurance coverage for our domestic and international markets for certain of our businesses, we cannot assure you that this insurance coverage is adequate or that any losses will be adequately compensated by our insurers in the event of a product liability claim. Any product recall, product liability claim or adverse regulatory action may adversely affect our reputation and brand image, as well as entail significant costs in excess of available insurance coverage, which could adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **35.** **_Our contracts are governed by the laws of various countries and disputes arising from such contracts may be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of courts situated in such countries._** 

Many of the contracts executed with our distributors and customers are governed by the laws of the country in which the distributor or customer is incorporated. These countries, among others, include India, Norway, the United States, Switzerland, Denmark, France, Italy, Spain, Sweden and Thailand. Further, any disputes related to such contracts may be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of courts situated in such countries. Any lawsuits with respect to such disputes must be instituted in a court having jurisdiction over the contract, which may cause difficulty for us to manage such suits and to obtain enforcement of awards and may also lead to greater costs for managing such litigation. Although there have not been any past instances of disputes related to such contracts in the past three Financial Years and the three months ended June 30, 2023, we cannot assure you that this will not occur in the future. 

# **36.** **_We have certain contingent liabilities, which, if they materialize, may affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

As of June 30, 2023, our contingent liabilities as disclosed in the notes to our Restated Ind AS Financial Information aggregated to ₹9.12 million. The following table sets forth our contingent liabilities as of June 30, 2023: 

|**Particulars**|**As of June 30, 2023**<br>_(_₹ **_in millions)_**|
|---|---|
|**Contingent Liabilities**||
|Income tax(Others)|3.33|
|GST and Customs (Refund of CENVAT Credit against advance authorization and<br>refund of excess interest charged)|3.92|
|Labour related matter (Ongoing litigation against the company by an ex-employee<br>for 50% back wages)|1.87|
|**Total **|**9.12**|



If a significant portion of our contingent liabilities materialize, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. For details, see “ _Restated Ind AS Financial Information_ — _Financial Statements — Note 34: Contingent Liabilities (Ind AS 37)_ ” on page 241. 

# **37.** **_Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

48 

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. Additionally, our ability to pay dividends may also be restricted by the terms of financing arrangements that we may enter into. For details, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 298. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. For further details, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 202. 

# **38.** **_Any failure in our information technology systems could adversely affect our business._** 

We use information and communication technology systems for our business operations and R&D operations, and are in the process of implementing an information technology policy. Our computer systems are potentially vulnerable to breakdown, system integration problems, cyber-security threats such as malicious intrusion, ransomware, phishing emails and other such computer viruses. Although we have not experienced any significant disruptions to our information technology systems in the past, we cannot assure you that we will not encounter disruptions in the future. We do not maintain any cybercrime insurance policies. Any such disruption may result in the loss of key information and disruption of production and business processes, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

In addition, our systems are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches, whether by employees or others that may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. Such data security breaches could lead to loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, or lead to the public exposure of personal information (including sensitive personal information) of our employees, customers and others. We have restricted the access rights to certain of our systems to minimize exposure of sensitive data to unauthorized persons. Although we have not experienced any data security breaches in the past, nor have we experienced any data leakages, any such security breaches or compromises of technology systems in the future could result in institution of legal proceedings against us and potential imposition of penalties, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and reputation. In addition, we may be required under applicable regulations to notify individuals of data security and privacy breaches involving their personal data. Any such security breaches could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

# **39.** **_Our inability to detect money-laundering and other illegal activities fully and on a timely basis may expose us to additional liability and adversely affect our business and reputation._** 

We are required to comply with applicable anti-money-laundering (“ **AML** ”) laws and other regulations in India. In the ordinary course of our operations, we run the risk of failing to comply with the prescribed know-your-customer (“ **KYC** ”) procedures and the consequent risk of fraud and money laundering by dishonest customers or suppliers and assessment of penalties or imposition of sanctions against us for such compliance failures despite having implemented systems and controls designed to prevent the occurrence of these risks. Although we believe that we have adequate internal policies, processes and systems in place to prevent and detect any AML activity and ensure KYC compliance, we cannot assure you that we will be able to fully control instances of any potential or attempted money-laundering or other illegal activities by our customers. Any inability on our part to detect such activities fully and on a timely basis may subject us to regulatory actions including imposition of fines and penalties and adversely affect our business and reputation. 

# **40.** **_Our Promoters and Directors have interests in us other than reimbursement of expenses incurred (in the ordinary course of business to the nature of their duties in their capacity as Promoters and Directors of the Company) and normal remuneration or benefits._** 

Our Promoters are interested in our Company to the extent: (i) that they have promoted our Company; (ii) of the Equity Shares held by them in our Company and dividend payable, if any, and other distributions in respect of the Equity Shares held by them or the shareholding of their relatives; (iii) of any remuneration, or reimbursement received by them from our Company, in the capacity of Directors of our Company and in in their capacity as employees and Key Managerial Personnel of our Company; (iv) payments made for services rendered by entities in which are Promoters have been interested in (v) of any transactions or business arrangements undertaken by our Company with our Promoters, or their relatives or entities in which our Promoters hold shares. For details of shareholding of our Promoters in our Company, see “ _Offer_ 

49 

_Document Summary — Aggregate Pre-Offer Shareholding of our Promoters, Promoter Group and Selling Shareholders_ on page 14. 

Our Directors may also be regarded as interested in the Equity Shares held by them or by their relatives, if any, or that may be subscribed by or allotted to them or the companies, firms and trusts, in which they are interested as directors, members, partners, trustees and promoters, pursuant to this Offer. Our Directors may also be deemed to be interested to the extent of any dividend payable to them and other distributions in respect of such Equity Shares, if any, held by them. For details of shareholding of our directors in our Company, see “ _Our Management — Shareholding of Directors in our Company_ ” on page 181. 

# **41.** **_Delay or failure in the performance of our contracts may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our contracts with our customers require us to supply our products in compliance with specific delivery schedules. For example, our licensing and supply agreements with customers contain provisions that require us to provide such customers with certain quantities of our products. If we fail to supply the requisite quantities of our products at the stipulated dates, we will breach such contractual obligations. In particular, pursuant to our arrangement with most of our multi-national company customers, if we fail to supply the specified quantities of certain products, such customers have the right to manufacture such products themselves or procure such products from third parties, both at our expense. Under certain agreements, we are required to indemnify our customers from and against all claims, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses arising out of or relating to our breach of contract, or our negligent acts or omission or wilful misconduct of our agents, employees or subcontractors. We are also required to maintain a minimum inventory of certain products and key raw materials, and continually improve productivity through improved raw material consumption efficiency, among other efficiencies of scale. In addition, certain of our agreements provide that our customers have the right to terminate their agreements or purchase orders with us, with immediate effect, in the event of breach of contract or transfer of ownership and control without such customer’s written approval. 

Our failure to adhere to contractually agreed timelines to deliver our products on a timely basis, or at all, may have the following consequences, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition: (i) payments to us for our products may be delayed; (ii) liquidated damages may become payable by us; (iii) performance guarantees may be invoked against us; (iv) claims may be brought against us for losses suffered as a result of our non-performance; (v) our clients may terminate our contracts; and (vi) our reputation may be damaged. Although we have not experienced any failure in the past to supply our products in compliance with specific delivery schedules which resulted in a material adverse impact to our business, results of operations and financial condition, we cannot guarantee that such failure will not occur in the future. 

# **42.** **_We will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer comprises an Offer for Sale by the Selling Shareholders. Our Selling Shareholders will receive the entire proceeds from the Offer for Sale (after deducting applicable Offer expenses) and our Company will not receive any part of the proceeds of the Offer. For further information, see “ _The Offer_ ” and “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on pages 61 and 95, respectively. 

# **43.** **_We track certain operational metrics, which are not a measurement under Ind AS, with internal systems and tools. These operational metrics are subject to inherent challenges in measurement._** 

We track certain performance indicators, including non-GAAP metrics such as profit margin, EBITDA, EBITDA margin, return on capital employed, return on equity, fixed asset turnover, and free cash flow, among others, with internal systems and tools. For more information on the non-GAAP financial measures used in this Red Herring Prospectus, see “ _Certain Conventions, Currency of Presentation, Use of Financial Information and Market Data — Non-GAAP Measures_ ”, “ _Definitions and Abbreviations_ ”, “ _Our Business — Overview — Key Financial Data_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Key Financial Data_ ” on pages 22, 1, 140 and 267, respectively. These NonGAAP metrics are not a measurement of our financial performance or liquidity under Ind AS and should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to cash flows, profit/(loss) for the years/periods or any other measure of financial performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity, profitability or cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities derived in accordance with Ind AS. In addition, these non-GAAP metrics are not standardized terms and may be different from 

50 

financial measures and statistical information disclosed or followed by other companies in our industry, and other companies may calculate these non-GAAP metrics differently from us. Therefore, a direct comparison of similarly titled non-GAAP metrics of other companies may not be possible. Although the non-GAAP metrics are not measures of performance calculated in accordance with applicable accounting standards, our management believes that they are useful to an investor in evaluating us because it is widely used measures to evaluate a company’s operating performance. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on the non-GAAP financial information included in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Our internal systems and tools have a number of limitations, and our methodologies for tracking these metrics may change over time, which could result in unexpected changes to our metrics, including the metrics we publicly disclose. If the internal systems and tools we use to track these metrics undercount or overcount performance or contain algorithmic or other technical errors, the data we report may not be accurate. While these numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable estimates of our metrics for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring these metrics. In addition, limitations or errors with respect to how we measure data or with respect to the data that we measure may affect our understanding of certain details of our business, which could affect our long-term strategies. If our operating metrics are not accurate representations of our business, if investors do not perceive our operating metrics to be accurate, or if we discover material inaccuracies with respect to these figures, our business and reputation could be adversely affected. 

# **44.** **_Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus contain information from the IQVIA Report which has been exclusively commissioned and paid for by us. There can be no assurance that such report is complete, and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in the Offer is subject to inherent risks._** 

We have exclusively commissioned on November 26, 2021 and paid for an industry report titled “ _Industry Overview_ ” dated October 9, 2023 (“ **IQVIA Report** ”) issued by IQVIA Consulting and Information Services India Private Limited for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with the Offer and for making disclosures which need to be made in the section titled “ _Industry Overview_ ” of this Red Herring Prospectus. We commissioned IQVIA as no reports are publicly available which provide comprehensive industry analysis, particularly for our Company’s products, that may be similar to the IQVIA Report that we commissioned. Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus include information based on, or derived from, the IQVIA Report or extracts of the IQVIA Report. All such information in this Red Herring Prospectus indicates the IQVIA Report as its source. Accordingly, any information in this Red Herring Prospectus derived from, or based on, the IQVIA Report should be read taking into consideration the foregoing. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. 

Furthermore, the IQVIA Report is not a recommendation to invest or disinvest in any company covered in the IQVIA Report. Accordingly, prospective investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on this information. 

# **45.** **_The information relating to the capacity and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities is based on various assumptions and estimates of our management and certified by an independent chartered engineer and our future production and capacity may vary._** 

The information relating to the capacity and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus is based on certain estimates and assumptions of our management and certified by an independent chartered engineer and our future production and capacity may vary. See “ _Our Business — Manufacturing Facilities and Accreditations — Production Capacity, Production Volumes and Capacity Utilization_ ” on page 152 for details. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on such data as a basis for making an investment in our Equity Shares. 

# **External Risk Factors** 

# **_Risks Related to India_** 

**46.** **_Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

51 

The Indian economy and capital markets are influenced by economic, political and market conditions in India and globally. We currently manufacture only in India and, as a result, are predominantly dependent on prevailing economic conditions in India. Our results of operations are significantly affected by factors influencing the Indian economy. Factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy, and hence our results of operations, may include: 

- the macroeconomic climate, including any increase in Indian interest rates or inflation; 

- any exchange rate fluctuations, the imposition of currency controls and restrictions on the right to convert or repatriate currency or export assets; 

- any scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing for our expansions; 

- prevailing income conditions among Indian consumers and Indian corporates; 

- volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; 

- changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies; 

- civil unrest, acts of violence, political instability, terrorism, regional conflicts or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighboring countries; 

- occurrence of natural or man-made disasters (such as typhoons, flooding, earthquakes and fires) which may cause us to suspend our operations; 

- epidemic, pandemic or any other public health in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighboring countries, such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine, nipah virus, and more recently, the COVID-19 pandemic and monkeypox; 

- prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; 

- any downgrading of India’s debt rating by a domestic or international rating agency; 

- international business practices that may conflict with other customs or legal requirements to which we are subject, including anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws; 

- protectionist and other adverse public policies, including local content requirements, import/export tariffs, increased regulations or capital investment requirements; 

- logistical and communications challenges; 

- financial instability in financial markets; 

- difficulty in developing any necessary arrangements and/or partnerships with businesses on commercially acceptable terms or on a timely basis; 

- being subject to the jurisdiction of foreign courts, including uncertainty of judicial processes and difficulty enforcing contractual agreements or judgments in foreign legal systems or incurring additional costs to do so; and 

- other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India or its pharmaceutical sector. 

Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. Our performance and the growth of our business depend on the overall performance of the Indian economy as well as the economies of the regional and international markets in which we operate. 

52 

**47.** **_Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of corporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes, including the instances mentioned below, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. For instance: 

- the Government of India has announced the union budget for the Financial Year 2024, pursuant to which the Finance Bill, 2023 (the “ **Finance Bill** ”) has introduced various amendments; and 

- the Government of India has passed new laws relating to social security, occupational safety, industrial relations and wages namely, the Code on Social Security, 2020 (the “ **Social Security Code** ”), the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020, the Industrial Relations Code, 2020 and the Code on Wages, 2019, respectively, which were to take effect from April 1, 2021 (collectively, the “ **Labour Codes** ”). The Government of India has deferred the effective date of the Labour Codes and they shall come into force from such date as may be notified by the Government. Further, the Social Security Code will impact overall employee expenses and, in turn, could impact the profitability of our Company. Under the Social Security Code, a new concept of deemed remuneration has been introduced, such that where an employee receives more than half (or such other percentage as may be notified by the Central Government), of their total remuneration in the form of allowances and other amounts that are not included within the definition of wages under the Social Security Code, the excess amount received shall be deemed as remuneration and accordingly be added to wages for the purposes of the Social Security Code and the compulsory contribution to be made towards the employees’ provident fund. 

Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the application, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

# **48.** **_Hostilities, political instability, wars and other acts of violence, manmade disasters or financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market countries in Asia. Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy. Financial disruptions may occur again and could harm our business, our future financial performance and the prices of the Equity Shares. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. 

More generally, any terrorist attack, other act of violence or war, including military conflicts, such as the escalating conflict between Russia and Ukraine, could result in increased volatility in, or damage to, the worldwide financial markets and economy. This risk may be magnified in the case of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, due to the significant sanctions and other restrictive actions taken against Russia globally, as well as the cessation of all business in Russia by many global companies. Increased economic volatility and trade restrictions could result in increased volatility in the markets for certain securities, commodities, and may cause inflation and disruptions to availability of certain commodities, commodity and futures prices and the supply chain globally. At this time, the situation is rapidly evolving and may evolve in a way that could have a negative impact on our operating costs in the future. 

53 

In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy as well as a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term effect of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. Any significant financial disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **49.** **_A downgrade in credit ratings of India may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. S&P Global Ratings (“ **S&P** ”), Moody’s and Fitch currently have a stable outlook on their sovereign rating for India. The ratings agencies may lower their sovereign ratings for India or the outlook on such ratings, which would also impact our ratings. In July 2021, S&P, retained India’s sovereign ratings at “BBB-” with the “stable” outlook, citing its expectation that the Indian economy will recover through the second half of the Financial Year 2022. In October 2021, Moody’s changed India’s sovereign rating outlook to “Stable” from “Negative” and affirmed India’s credit rating at “Baa3”. In June 2020, Fitch downgraded the outlook on India’s long-term foreign currency Issuer Default Rating to “negative” from “stable,” and affirmed the rating at “BBB-”, which was re-affirmed in December 2020 and again in September 2021. This was due to the COVID-19 pandemic having significantly weakened India’s growth outlook for the year and the challenges associated with a high public debt burden. 

There can be no assurance that these ratings will not be further revised or changed by S&P, Fitch or Moody’s or that any of the other global rating agencies will not downgrade India’s credit rating. Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely affect our ratings or terms on which we are able to finance future capital expenditure. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms or at all and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **50.** **_If inflation rises in India we might not be able to increase the prices of our services at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our customers and our profits might decline._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increasing inflation in India could cause a rise in the costs of rent, wages, raw materials and other expenses. High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our clients, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. If we are unable to increase our revenue from operations sufficiently to offset our increased costs due to inflation, it could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

While the Government of India through the RBI has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect, and there can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not rise in the future. 

# **51.** **_Investors may have difficulty in enforcing foreign judgments against our Company or our management._** 

Our Company is a company limited by shares under the laws of India. All of our directors and executive officers are residents of India. All of our Company’s assets are located in India. As a result, it may be difficult or impossible for investors to effect service of process upon us or such persons in India or to enforce judgments obtained against our Company or such parties outside India. Moreover, it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or inconsistent with Indian public policy. 

54 

India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions, which includes, the United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong. A judgment from certain specified courts located in a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the Civil Code. The United States and India do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any federal or state court in a non-reciprocating territory, such as the United States, for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general securities laws of the United States, would not be enforceable in India under the Civil Code as a decree of an Indian court. 

The United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong have been declared by the Government of India to be reciprocating territories for purposes of Section 44A of the Civil Code. A judgment of a court of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit on the judgment under Section 13 of the Civil Code, and not by proceedings in execution. Section 13 of the Civil Code provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated on except (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case, (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable, (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice, (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. Under the Civil Code, a court in India shall, on the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgment, presume that the judgment was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record. The Civil Code only permits the enforcement of monetary decrees, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. 

However, the party in whose favor such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the United States or other such jurisdiction within three years of obtaining such final judgment. It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Moreover, it is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages to the extent awarded in a final judgment rendered outside India if it believes that the amount of damages awarded were excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain the prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered. 

# **52.** **_Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Foreign investment in Indian securities is subject to regulation by Indian regulatory authorities. In addition, under foreign exchange regulations which are currently in force in India, transfer of shares between nonresidents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the valuation and reporting requirements specified under applicable law. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and does not fall under any of the exceptions, then prior approval of the relevant regulatory authority is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. Further, this conversion is subject to the shares having been held on a repatriation basis and, either the security having been sold in compliance with the pricing guidelines or, the relevant regulatory approval having been obtained for the sale of shares and corresponding remittance of the sale proceeds. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained with or without any particular terms or conditions. 

Pursuant to the Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the DPIIT, which has been incorporated as the proviso to Rule 6(a) of the FEMA Non-debt Instrument Rules, investments where the 

55 

beneficial owner of the equity shares is situated in or is a citizen of a country which shares a land border with India, can only be made through the Government approval route, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy dated October 15, 2020 and the FEMA Non-debt Instrument Rules. 

For further information, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 356. Our ability to raise any foreign capital under the FDI route is therefore constrained by Indian law, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects. 

# **53.** **_Our ability to raise foreign capital may be constrained by Indian law._** 

As an Indian company, we are subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies. Such regulatory restrictions limit our financing sources and could constrain our ability to obtain financings on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, we cannot assure you that any required regulatory approvals for borrowing in foreign currencies will be granted to us without onerous conditions, or at all. Limitations on foreign debt may have an adverse effect on our business growth, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **54.** **_Investors can be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares or dividend paid thereon._** 

Under current Indian tax laws and regulations, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares held as investments in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Any capital gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares on a Stock Exchange held for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to long term capital gains in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as whether the sale is undertaken on or off the Stock Exchanges, the quantum of gains and any available treaty relief. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of longterm capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of Securities Transaction Tax (“ **STT** ”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. 

Further, any capital gains realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will not be chargeable to tax in India in cases where relief from such taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident and the seller is entitled to avail benefits thereunder, subject to certain conditions. 

The Finance Act, 2019 amended the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 with effect from July 1, 2020 clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2019 may have on our Company’s business and operations. 

Further, the Government of India has announced the union budget for the Financial Year 2024, pursuant to which the Finance Bill has introduced various amendments. We have not fully determined the impact of these recent and proposed laws and regulations on our business. 

Historically, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the equity shares. 

Further, we cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**55.** **_Increasing employee compensation in India may erode some of our competitive advantage and may reduce our profit margins, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Employee compensation in India has historically been significantly lower than employee compensation in 

56 

the United States and Western Europe for comparably skilled professionals, which has been one of our competitive strengths. However, compensation increases in India may erode some of this competitive advantage and may negatively affect our profit margins. Employee compensation in India is increasing at a faster rate than in the United States and Western Europe, which could result in increased costs relating to scientists and engineers, managers and other mid-level professionals. We may need to continue to increase the levels of our employee compensation to remain competitive and manage attrition. Compensation increases may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **56.** **_Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be different from laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

# **57.** **_Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by the Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

# **58.** **_We may be affected by competition law in India and any adverse application or interpretation of the Competition Act could in turn adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act prohibits any anti competition agreement or arrangement, understanding or action in concert between enterprises, whether formal or informal, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. 

The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. The combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to, and pre-approved by, the Competition Commission of India, or CCI. Any breach of the provisions of Competition Act, may attract substantial monetary penalties. 

The Competition Act aims to, among other things, prohibit all agreements and transactions, which may have an appreciable adverse effect in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside of India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an appreciable adverse effect in India. We are not currently party to any outstanding proceedings, nor have we ever received any notice in relation to non-compliance with the Competition Act. Any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI in the future, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **59.** **_Significant differences exist between Ind AS used to prepare our financial information and other accounting principles, such as IFRS and U.S. GAAP, with which investors may be more familiar._** 

Our Restated Ind AS Financial Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus are presented in conformity with Ind AS, in each case restated in accordance with the requirements of Section 26 of part I of the Companies Act, 2013, the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note on “ _Reports in Company Prospectus (Revised 2019)_ ” issued by the ICAI. Ind AS differs from accounting principles with which 

57 

prospective investors may be familiar, such as Indian GAAP, IFRS and U.S. GAAP. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of U.S. GAAP or IFRS. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS and Indian GAAP. Accordingly, the degree to which the Ind AS and Indian GAAP financial statements, which are restated as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations included in this Red Herring Prospectus, will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

# **_Risks Related to the Offer_** 

# **60.** **_Subsequent to the listing of the Equity Shares, we may be subject to surveillance measures, such as the Additional Surveillance Measures and the Graded Surveillance Measures by the Stock Exchanges in order to enhance the integrity of the market and safeguard the interest of investors._** 

Subsequent to the listing of the Equity Shares, we may be subject to Additional Surveillance Measures (“ **ASM** ”) and Graded Surveillance Measures (“ **GSM** ”) by the Stock Exchanges. These measures are in place to enhance the integrity of the market and safeguard the interest of investors. The criteria for shortlisting any security trading on the Stock Exchanges for ASM is based on objective criteria, which includes market based parameters such as high low price variation, concentration of client accounts, close to close price variation, market capitalization, average daily trading volume and its change, and average delivery percentage, among others. Securities are subject to GSM when its price is not commensurate with the financial health and fundamentals of the issuer. Specific parameters for GSM include net worth, net fixed assets, price to earning ratio, market capitalization and price to book value, among others. Factors within and beyond our control may lead to our securities being subject to GSM or ASM. In the event our Equity Shares are subject to such surveillance measures implemented by any of the Stock Exchanges, we may be subject to certain additional restrictions in connection with trading of our Equity Shares such as limiting trading frequency (for example, trading either allowed once in a week or a month) or freezing of price on upper side of trading which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Equity Shares or may in general cause disruptions in the development of an active trading market for our Equity Shares. 

# **61.** **_The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company, and the Selling Shareholder, in consultation with the BRLMs, and through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 98 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer and may decline below the Offer Price owing to various factors including quarterly variations in our results of operations, results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors and results of operations that vary from those of our competitors. We cannot assure you that the investor will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

**62.** **_Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and may experience price and volume fluctuations following the completion of the Offer. Further, our Equity Shares may not result in an active or liquid market and the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price or at all._** 

We cannot guarantee that an active trading market will develop or be sustained after the offering. Nor can we predict the prices at which the Equity Shares may trade after the offering. 

The Offer Price of our Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. If you purchase the Equity Shares in our initial public offering, you may not be able to resell them at or above the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that the Offer Price of the Equity Shares, or the market price following our initial public offering, will equal or exceed prices in privately negotiated transactions of our shares that may have occurred from time to time prior to our initial public offering. The market price of the Equity Shares may decline or fluctuate significantly due to a number of factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including: 

58 

- developments with respect to the spread or worsening of the COVID-19 pandemic; 

- the impact of COVID-19 on our business operations and our ability to be able to service customers, and the consequential impact on our operating results; 

- actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 

- 

   - announcements about our earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations; 

- the public’s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements in relation to us or our affiliates and filings with the regulator; 

- significant liability claims, complaints from our customers, shortages or interruptions in the availability of raw materials, or reports of incidents of tampering of raw materials; 

- changes in senior management or key personnel; 

- macroeconomic conditions in India; 

- fluctuations of exchange rates; 

- 

   - the operating and stock price performance of comparable companies; 

- changes in our shareholder base; 

- 

   - changes in our dividend policy; 

- 

   - issuances, exchanges or sales, or expected issuances, exchanges or sales; 

- changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; 

- changes in the regulatory and legal environment in which we operate; and 

- market conditions in the construction and development industry and the domestic and worldwide economies as a whole, including in relation to the COVID-19 crisis. 

Any of these factors may result in large and sudden changes in the volume and trading price of the Equity Shares. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, shareholders have often instituted securities class action litigation against that company. If we were involved in a class action suit, it could divert the attention of management, and, if adversely determined, have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **63.** **_Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked securities by us may dilute your shareholding and any sale of Equity Shares by our Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any future issuance of the Equity Shares or securities linked to the Equity Shares by our Company, may dilute your shareholding. Any such future issuance of the Equity Shares or future sales of the Equity Shares by any of our significant shareholders may also adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and impact our ability to raise funds through an offering of our securities. Any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. Additionally, the disposal, pledge or encumbrance of the Equity Shares by any of our significant shareholders, or the perception that such transactions may occur, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that our existing Shareholder (i.e. our Promoters) will not dispose of further Equity Shares after the completion of the Offer (subject to compliance with the lock-in provisions under the SEBI ICDR Regulations) or pledge or encumber its Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of shareholder’s investment in the Equity Shares and adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. Such securities may also be issued at prices below the Offer Price. We may also issue convertible debt securities to finance our future growth or fund our business activities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. 

59 

# **64.** **_Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company incorporated in India must offer its equity shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by shareholders of such company. 

However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares, your proportional interests in our Company may be reduced. 

# **65.** **_QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Bidders can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within six Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date, or such other timeline as may be prescribed under applicable law, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

# **66.** **_Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Offer._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges or such period as may be prescribed under applicable law. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately five Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid/Offer Closing Date or such period as may be prescribed under applicable law. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

60 

