# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before evaluating us and our business and making an investment in our Equity Shares. To obtain a complete understanding of our Company, you should read this section in conjunction with “Business”, “Industry Overview” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”, beginning on pages 121, 91 and 256, respectively, as well as the financial statements, including the notes thereto, and other financial and statistical information included elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_The risks described below are not the only ones that we currently face or are relevant to us or our Equity Shares, or the industry and segments in which we operate in India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or prospects. If any of the risks described below or other risks that are currently not known or are currently deemed immaterial actually occur, any of our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or prospects could be adversely affected, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and prospective investors may lose all or part of their investment. In making an investment decision, you must rely on your own examination of our Company and the terms of this Offer, including the merits and risks involved. The financial and other related implications of the risk factors, wherever quantifiable, have been disclosed in the risk factors mentioned below. However, there are certain risk factors where the financial impact is not quantifiable and, therefore, cannot be disclosed in such risk factors. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in our Equity Shares._ 

_Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries. This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For details, see “ForwardLooking Statements” on page 15. Unless the context otherwise requires, the financial information used in this section has been derived from the Restated Financial Statements of our Company._ 

# **INTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

# **RISK FACTORS RELATING TO OUR COMPANY AND INDUSTRY** 

**_1. The outbreak of the 2019 novel coronavirus (“COVID-19”) pandemic, as well as GoI measures to reduce the spread of COVID-19, have had a substantial impact on our restaurant operations and the timing of how long the COVID19 pandemic and the related GoI measures will last is still uncertain._** 

The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as GoI measures to reduce the spread of COVID-19, have had a substantial impact on our restaurant operations across India since last week of March 2020, and the timing of how long the COVID-19 pandemic and the related GoI measures will last is still uncertain. In addition, our restaurants in different states and regions in India have been disproportionately affected by COVID-19 and the measures implemented in each state have varied due to regional and regulatory differences in each state in India. As a result of COVID-19, we and our sub-franchisees have had to close temporarily a number of restaurants across India commencing from March 2020 and have experienced reduced store-level operations, including reduced operating hours and dining-room closures. By the end of March 2020,201 of our restaurants had closed their operations temporarily due to the COVID-19 lockdown in India, meaning only 59 of our restaurants remained operational as of March 31, 2020.  From April 1, 2020 to June 30, 2020, 130 restaurants had reopened for operations over the course of the period for either dine-in or food delivery, with a further 37 restaurants reopening between July 1, 2020 and September 30, 2020, meaning we had a total of 226 operational restaurants as of September 30, 2020. As of the date of filing of this Red Herring Prospectus, we had 259 Company-owned Burger King Restaurants and nine SubFranchised Burger King Restaurants, of which 249 were operational, including two Sub-Franchised Burger King Restaurant, often with limited operations or limitations on capacity for dine-in guests, depending on local regulations. Of our nine Sub-Franchised Burger King Restaurants, seven remain temporarily closed as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. During the initial stage of the COVID-19 crisis, footfalls and sales in our restaurants fell significantly due to the lockdown and other measures implemented by the GoI. Our footfalls and sales have not yet recovered to levels we saw prior to the COVID-19 crisis. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has directly impacted our same-store sales in our restaurants and our revenue from sale of food and beverages. Although our same-store sales grew at 29.21% in Fiscal 2019 and 6.11% in the nine months ended December 31, 2019, our same-store sales decreased by 0.30% in Fiscal 2020 and by 56.9% in the six months ended September 30, 2020 primarily due to the impact of the COVID-19 crisis. Our revenue from sale of food and beverages decreased in the six months ended September 30, 2020 to ₹1,346.93 million compared to ₹4,193.70 million in the six months ended September 30, 2019. The reduction in level of business activity due to COVID-19 pandemic has also led to write offs of food inventory and related commitments of the amount ₹43.45 million in Fiscal 2020 and ₹21.30 million in the six months ended September 30, 2020, since our inventory includes food items which are perishable and exceptional in nature. Similarly, 

19 

our offices have also experienced closures and certain of our employees have been restricted from commuting to their places of work. As of September 30, 2020, the number of our employees decreased to 4,836 employees compared to 6,141 as of March 31, 2020 as a result of attrition resulting from certain employees (especially restaurant staff) returning to and remaining in their hometowns as a result of the crisis, as well as redundancies of certain employees. Further, FSSAI has issued a guidance note on ‘ _Food Hygiene and Safety Guidelines for Food Businesses during Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) Pandemic_ ’ (“ **FSSAI Guidelines** ”) with an intent to provide guidance to food businesses like ours, including their personnel involved in handling of food and other employees to prevent spread of COVID-19 in the work environment and any incidental contamination of food/food packages. The FSSAI Guidelines mandates strict adherence to General Hygiene Practices specified under Schedule 4 of Food Safety and Standards (Licensing and Registration of Food Businesses) Regulation, 2011. The schedule enumerates multiple compulsory measures to be adopted by food business operators in the interest of human nutrition, safety and hygiene which may result in increased costs. Although we are currently in compliance with the FSSAI Guidelines, any failure in the future to fully comply or adhere to the measures and guidelines set out in the FSSAI Guidelines or any other similar regulations could lead to the imposition of penalties, fines or other sanctions, which could have an adverse impact on our business. 

Notwithstanding measures we have adopted to increase safety and hygiene levels, there can be no assurance that footfalls in our restaurant outlets, same store sales, sales from food and beverages and demand for our products will recover from the impact of the COVID-19 crisis, and if they do not recover as a result of the COVID-19 crisis continuing or worsening, or otherwise, our business and results of operations would be significantly and adversely impacted, which could also adversely impact our market share. Further, due to the rising number of infected cases of COVID-19 in India, there is no certainty if additional restrictions will be put back in place or if another lockdown would be re-imposed to control the spread of the pandemic. We cannot assure you that we will not face any difficulty in our operations due to such restrictions and such prolonged instances of lockdown may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reputation and prospects. In addition, if our key management personnel or a significant percentage of our workforce is unable to work due to COVID-19 illness, quarantine, limitations on travel or other government restrictions in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, our operations may be negatively impacted. An outbreak or perceived outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic connected to one or more of our Company-owned Burger King Restaurants or Sub-Franchised Burger King Restaurants could also cause negative publicity directed at any of our brand and cause customers to avoid our restaurants, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reputation and prospects. 

One of our key strategies has been the expansion of our restaurant network in line with our obligations under Master Franchise and Development Agreement (as defined below). For details, see “ _Our Business_ ” starting on page 121 of this Red Herring Prospectus. In light of the COVID-19 pandemic, the expansion of our restaurant network has slowed significantly, and the COVID-19 pandemic has also adversely affected our ability to open new restaurants and expand our restaurant network temporarily. We have delayed some new restaurant openings and will continue to evaluate the pace and quantity of new restaurant openings and the expansion of our restaurant network until more clarity on the restaurant industry operating environment in India emerges. The following table sets forth the growth of our restaurant network since December 31, 2019: 

|**Growth inOur Re**|**staurants Since **<br>|**December 3**<br>|**1, 2019**<br>|<br>||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**As at**|**As at**|**As at June**|<br>**As at**|**As at the**|
||<br>**December 31,**|<br>**March 31,**|<br>**30,**|<br> <br>**September 30,**|<br>**date of the**|
||**2019**<br>|**Num**|**2020**<br>**ber of Resta**|**urants**|**Red**<br>**Herring**<br>**Prospectus**|
|Opening number of restaurants at the beginning of the<br>relevant quarter<sup>(1)</sup>|202<sup>(2)</sup>|255|260|259|261|
|Number of Company-owned (net) added during the<br>relevant quarter|52|5|(1)|2|6|
|_New stores opened in the relevant quarter_|53|6|2|4|6|
|_Stores permanently closed in the relevant quarter _|1|1|(3)|(2)|0|
|_Opening number of sub-franchised restaurants at the_<br>_beginning of the relevant quarter_<sup>(3)</sup>|7|8|8|8|8|
|Sub-franchised restaurants added during the relevant<br>quarter<sup>(3)</sup>|1|0|0|0|1|
|**Total**|**255**|**260**|**259**|**261**|**268**|
|**Total number of operational restaurants**|**255**|**59**|**189**|**226**|**249**|



_(1) Includes the opening number of sub-franchised restaurants at the beginning of the relevant quarter._ 

_(2) This opening figure is as on June 30, 2019._ 

_(3) As at September 30, 2020, all of our sub-franchised restaurants remain temporarily closed. As at the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, one of our sub-franchised restaurants had reopened and one new sub-franchised restaurant was opened._ 

20 

Under the Master Franchise and Development Agreement, our Company is required to develop and open at least 700 restaurants (including Company-owned Burger King Restaurants and Sub-Franchised Burger King Restaurants) by December 31, 2026, which has recently been extended by one year from December 31, 2025 due to the COVID-19 crisis. However, there can be no assurance that we will achieve this target if the COVID-19 crisis continues or worsens, and if due to the COVID-19 crisis our Company fails to achieve the cumulative opening target for any development year or fails to cure the shortfall, if applicable, subject to certain force majeure events beyond our control, BK AsiaPac may terminate our Development Rights or the Master Franchise and Development Agreement, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. For further details, see “ _Risk Factors—The termination of our Master Franchise and Development Agreement would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects._ ” beginning on page 24. 

The financial impact of COVID-19 has had, and is expected to continue to have, an adverse effect on our liquidity, and we continue to monitor and assess our access to appropriate sources of liquidity in order to sustain our business throughout this crisis. As of the date of the Red Herring Prospectus, we had certain outstanding amounts due and payable under our Master Franchise and Development Agreement and our Company Franchise Agreement with respect to royalty payments, franchise fees, travel expenses and subscriptions fees in respect of certain periods in 2020. Our Company and our Promoter (collectively referred to as the “ **Franchisee Parties** ”) have entered into a letter agreement dated November 18, 2020 (the “ **Receivables Letter** ”) with BK AsiaPac with respect to these overdue fees and expenses as a one-time accommodation, pursuant to which the Franchisee Parties are required to pay the aggregate amount of US$1,455,535 to BK AsiaPac in three instalments in the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2021. 

We have also engaged in rent relief negotiations with all of our landlords, and arrived at negotiated agreements with respect to reductions in rent and our rental obligations during the COVID-19 crisis with a majority of our landlords. In accordance with MCA Notification dated July 24, 2020 on IND- AS 116 (the “ **MCA Notification** ”), the Company has elected to apply the practical expedient of not assessing lease concessions as a lease modification for all lease concessions which are granted due to COVID-19 pandemic. As per the requirements of the MCA Notification, out of total lease concessions confirmed till September 30, 2020 of ₹218.31 million (including ₹62.17 million unconditional lease concessions pertaining to subsequent periods), ₹90.75 million has been accounted under rent expenses (to the extent available) and balance of ₹127.56 million is reported under Other Income for the period ended September 30, 2020. As of September 30, 2020, we had a total of ₹286.58 million in outstanding rental payments to landlords. 

In May 2020, we completed a rights issue pursuant to which we allotted 13,200,000 Equity Shares to our Promoter for cash at a price of ₹44 per Equity Share aggregating to ₹580.80 million, and in November 2020 we issued 15,712,820 Equity Shares to AIL on a preferential allotment basis at a price of ₹58.50 per Equity Share for an aggregate amount of ₹919.20 million. In addition, as of September 30, 2020, we have access to liquidity in the amount of ₹292.32 million under our term loan and credit facilities from ICICI Bank Limited pursuant to our corporate rupee loan facility agreements and working capital facility agreement, each dated March 6, 2020. In addition, as at September 30, 2020, we had cash and cash equivalents of ₹121.74 million, bank deposits with original maturity of more than 3 months and remaining maturity less than 12 months of ₹241.77 million and investments in quoted mutual funds of ₹250.24 million. In addition, the salaries of senior management and our Chief Executive Officer and Whole Time Director and certain other support centre employees were reduced temporarily. We have also negotiated revised commercial terms during COVID-19 crises with other service providers, and we have managed our inventory through promotions, reorganisation and liquidation of stocks. This has provided us with working capital support and additional liquidity. 

However, depending on how long the COVID-19 pandemic lasts, we may need to seek additional sources of liquidity, which may or may not be available. Our future available liquidity will also be impacted by the amounts coming due under the Receivables Letter, as well as payment of rental payments to landlords that remain outstanding. In addition, if the Franchisee Parties fail to pay to BK AsiaPac in full any relevant instalment due by the relevant payment date, such failure would constitute an event of default and entitle BK AsiaPac to such remedies as set out in the Master Franchise and Development Agreement, the Company Franchise Agreement and the Receivables Letter. The COVID19 pandemic is adversely affecting the availability of liquidity generally in the credit markets, and there can be no guarantee that additional liquidity from other sources will be available to us on favourable terms, or at all, especially the longer the COVID-19 pandemic lasts or if it were to worsen. While we have assessed the impact of the COVID19 pandemic on our business and on recoverability of all current and non-current assets and recognised necessary adjustments in carrying value of the assets, given the uncertainties associated, we will continuously monitor and consider necessary impact on financial conditions, results of operation and cash flows. Further, while we cannot currently estimate the duration or future negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business or our subfranchisees or on the Indian or global economy, we expect the negative effects to continue into the third and fourth quarters of Fiscal 2021 and for such further period that COVID-19 persists. Similarly, we cannot predict the effects the COVID-19 pandemic will have on the restaurant industry as a whole or the share of customer traffic to our restaurants compared to other restaurants or outlets. In addition, there can be no assurance that the COVID-19 crisis will not cause the Indian or global macroeconomic environment to worsen. In these circumstances, if additional liquidity is not available in the amounts or under the terms that we required, this could have a material adverse a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reputation and prospects. 

21 

Similarly, although we have not experienced any significant disruptions of the supply of our ingredients and packaging materials other than certain deliveries not being possible due to restaurant closures and we currently believe there are sufficient numbers of alternative suppliers for our ingredients and packaging materials, our third-party distributor and suppliers could be similarly adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, resulting from events such as delays or restrictions on shipping and/or manufacturing, closures of third-party distributor or supplier facilities or financial distress or insolvency of our third-party distributor or suppliers, either temporarily or permanently. For example, although our business has not been disrupted by it, one of our equipment suppliers recently discontinued operations as a result of the impact of COVID-19, and there cannot be any assurance that other suppliers will not be affected in the future, especially if the COVID-19 crisis were to continue or worsen. In addition, food distributors and suppliers often operate with thin margins and therefore may be more vulnerable to governmental actions which result in significantly reduced activity or to general economic downturns. If any such related supply interruptions occur in the future due to the COVID-19 crisis continuing or worsening, it is possible that we could face shortages of ingredients and packaging materials at our restaurants and our operations and sales at our restaurants could be adversely impacted, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reputation and prospects. 

While we cannot currently estimate the duration or future negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and our sub-franchisees or on the Indian or global economy, we expect the negative effects to continue into the third and fourth quarters of Fiscal 2021. Similarly, we cannot predict the effects the COVID-19 pandemic will have on the restaurant industry as a whole or the share of customer traffic to our restaurants compared to other restaurants or outlets. In addition, there can be no assurance that the COVID-19 crisis will not cause the Indian or global macroeconomic environment to worsen. 

Any adverse impact on, or further interruption of, our operations or those of our sub-franchisees or third-party distributor or suppliers as a result of these or other developments in relation to COVID-19 pandemic could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reputation and prospects. 

# **_2. Real and perceived health concerns arising from food-borne illnesses, health epidemics, food quality, allergic reactions or other negative food-related incidents could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects._** 

As an operator of QSR restaurants, our business is susceptible to health concerns arising from food-borne illnesses, health epidemics, food quality, allergic reactions and other negative food-related incidents. The occurrence of an outbreak of a food-borne illness, health epidemic or other adverse public health event in India or in the vicinity of our restaurants, suppliers or distributors could cause a temporary or permanent closure of restaurants and materially disrupt our business and operations in a manner similar to how the COVID-19 pandemic has impacted our business. Foodborne illness or food tampering incidents could also be caused directly or indirectly by our third-party distributor, suppliers, customers or employees and may be outside of our control. Our third-party distributor and our suppliers transport and handle ingredients and packaging materials that we use in our restaurants and although we have certain controls in place with respect to their operations, we cannot ourselves monitor the ingredients and packaging materials. Our ingredients and packaging materials could become contaminated by food-borne illnesses or other contamination during transport or handling. In particular, the ingredients warehoused and transported by our distributor and our suppliers and stored at our restaurants are perishable in nature. In the event that we or they fail to maintain our required standards of storage or if the integrity and quality of the ingredients are otherwise compromised, our products could be contaminated, which could lead to a negative food-related incident. Risks to the health of our customers can arise from any such negative food-related incident, which could expose us to litigation, including by customers, sanctions or fines by food safety regulators. For instance, as disclosed in the section entitled “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” beginning on page 287, certain legal proceedings have been initiated against our Company with allegations, among others, selling substandard food items and presence of noxious substance in the food items. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” beginning on page 287. We cannot make any assurances that our internal controls and training will be fully effective in preventing these or any other negative food-related incidents and will ensure the quality of our products at all times. 

In addition, negative publicity in relation to real or perceived health concerns, such as food-borne illnesses, health epidemics, food quality, allergic reactions and other negative food-related incidents stemming from one restaurant or a number of restaurants could materially adversely affect us, regardless of whether they pertain to Company-owned Burger King Restaurants or Sub-Franchised Burger King Restaurants or to restaurants owned or operated by other QSR or food brands or otherwise. The occurrence of any such incident at any of our restaurants may lead to public outrage and restaurant closures, and our reputation, including in respect of any of our other restaurants that are not affected by any such incident, could also be severely injured for an extended period of time. This may also have an adverse effect on our ability to continue to maintain the required licences, approvals and permits for operating our restaurants. Food-borne illnesses, such as E. coli, hepatitis A, trichinosis or salmonella and other food-borne illnesses have impacted the QSR industry in the past and could occur in the future. In addition, health concerns about the consumption of meat products or specific events such as outbreaks of food-borne illnesses, such as “swine” flu or 

22 

“avian” flu, or allergic reactions to certain ingredients could lead to changes in consumer preferences, reduce consumption of our products and adversely affect our financial performance. These events could reduce the available supply of meat products or significantly raise the price of such meat products. 

Any adverse impact on, or interruption of, our operations or those of our third-party distributors or suppliers as a result of health concerns arising from real or perceived food-borne illnesses, health epidemics, food quality or other negative food-related incidents, could significantly and adversely impact and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reputation and prospects. 

# **_3. Our exclusive right to develop, operate and franchise Burger King restaurants in India depends on the Master Franchise and Development Agreement, which imposes certain restrictions and other obligations on our operations that could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects._** 

We are the national master franchisee of Burger King in India and rely significantly on our master franchise and development agreement dated November 19, 2013 (the “ **Master Franchise and Development Agreement** ”) entered into with BK AsiaPac, Pte. Ltd. (“ **BK AsiaPac** ”) and our Promoter, as amended by the first amendment to the Master Franchise and Development Agreement dated November 12, 2014 and further amended by the second amendment to the Master Franchise and Development Agreement dated October 31, 2019 and the third amendment to the Master Franchise and Development Agreement dated November 18, 2020, which expires on December 31, 2039. The Master Franchise and Development Agreement provides us with the exclusive right and license to develop, establish, operate and franchise Burger King restaurants in India, as well as to use and permit the sub-franchisees to use the Burger King Marks and the Burger King System in India (collectively referred to as the “ **Development Rights** ”). Further, we have also entered into a company franchise agreement (“ **Company Franchise Agreement** ”) dated November 19, 2013 with BK AsiaPac and our Promoter, as amended on October 31, 2019, which grants us a license to use the Burger King System, including the Burger King Marks, at specified locations in India where each Company-owned Burger King Restaurant is located. We are required to operate each Company-owned Burger King Restaurant in accordance with the Company Franchise Agreement and we enter into a unit addendum to the Company Franchise Agreement with BK AsiaPac for each Company-owned Burger King Restaurant. 

Pursuant to the Master Franchise and Development Agreement, our Company is obligated to develop and open at least 700 restaurants (whether Company-owned or sub-franchised) by December 31, 2026, provided that at all times the Company-owned Burger King Restaurants will represent 60% of the total number of Company-owned Burger King Restaurants and Sub-Franchised Burger King Restaurants in India, as determined at the end of each development year. If our Company fails to achieve the cumulative opening target for any development year or fails to cure the shortfall, if applicable, subject to certain force majeure events beyond our control, BK AsiaPac may terminate our Development Rights or the Master Franchise and Development Agreement, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. For further details, see “ _Risk Factors—The termination of our Master Franchise and Development Agreement would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects._ ” beginning on page 24. 

We are also required to seek the prior approval of BK AsiaPac in certain circumstances, including: opening and operating each of our Company-owned Burger King Restaurants; sub-franchising restaurants; appointing suppliers and selecting product ingredients; and offering local menu items that are specific to the Indian market, subject to certain conditions. In addition, we are required to obtain the prior written approval of BK AsiaPac for the following actions, among others: our Company or any of our subsidiaries consolidating, amalgamating, merging, selling, conveying, transferring, leasing or otherwise disposing of all of its property and assets to any person or permitting any person to merge with or into us or any of our subsidiaries; our Company or our subsidiaries, among others, winding up, dissolving, liquidating, reorganizing and readjusting or any other relief that may be sought under any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law and appointment of a trustee, receiver, administrator or liquidator; our Company or any of our subsidiaries acquiring control of the assets or equity interests of any person who is the transferee or assignee by contract of, the rights to develop, own or operate any RBI brand anywhere in the world; and changes in the permitted business activities of our Company or any of our subsidiaries. Further, our Company and our Promoter are restricted from acquiring any ownership interest, consulting, opening, operating or acting as franchisee for any competitor directly or indirectly, except for investments of up to 2% in the nature of purely financial investments in listed companies, during the term of the Master Franchise and Development Agreement. Our Company is, subject to certain limited exceptions, also required to indemnify BK AsiaPac, its affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees, shareholders and agents against any losses arising out of certain conditions provided under the Master Franchise and Development Agreement and Company Franchise Agreement. In addition, under the Master Franchise and Development Agreement, we are required to pay a monthly royalty fee based on a percentage of sales (net of sales and goods and services tax) from our Burger King Restaurants. The monthly royalty fee ranges from 2.5% to 5% of such sales, depending on the opening date of the restaurant. Our Company is also required to pay BK AsiaPac a nonrefundable one-time fee upon the opening of each Burger King Restaurant of US$15,000, increasing to US$25,000 from the calendar years 2020 to 2022 and remaining at US$35,000 for all periods thereafter while the Master Franchise and Development Agreement remains in effect. Our Company is required to pay a renewal fee to BK AsiaPac (or its 

23 

designee) upon issuance of any renewal unit addendum of a Company-owned Burger King Restaurant; however, the renewal fee will not be higher than the maximum opening fee charged for Burger King Restaurants. In addition, our Company-owned Burger King Restaurants are required to contribute 5% of sales from Company-owned Burger King restaurants (as calculated under our Master Franchise and Development Agreement) towards marketing and advertising. For further details, see “ _Our Business - Master Franchise and Development Agreement_ ” and “ _– Company Franchise Agreement_ ” on pages 139 and 142, respectively. 

Furthermore, we cannot control or influence the actions of BK AsiaPac, and BK AsiaPac may at any time have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours. If BK AsiaPac takes certain actions that we do not agree with, our business operations may be adversely affected, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the Master Franchise and Development Agreement is governed by Singapore law, and to the extent there are changes in Singapore law or our ability to enforce our rights under the Master Franchise and Development Agreement are otherwise negatively impacted, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

# **_4. The termination of our Master Franchise and Development Agreement would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects._** 

Under the terms of our Master Franchise and Development Agreement, BK AsiaPac may immediately terminate our Development Rights or the Master Franchise and Development Agreement and we would have no ability to cure if, among others, (i) our Company or our Promoter assigns or transfers the Development Rights or the Master Franchise and Development Agreement, duplicates the Burger King System; violates the confidentiality provisions, or acquires an interest in a competitor; (ii) our Company or our Promoter initiates bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings; (iii) our Company or our Promoter challenges the validity of the Burger King Marks or any other BK IP; or (iv) if a competitor acquires control of our Company or any of our subsidiaries. Further, BK AsiaPac may terminate our Development Rights or the Master Franchise and Development Agreement, if our Company fails to remedy certain defaults within an agreed upon period, including, among others: (i) failure to pay the amounts payable to BK AsiaPac, once due; (ii) failure to achieve the cumulative opening target for any development year (a “ **Development Default** ”), subject to a six month cure period if our Company has achieved at least 70% of the difference between such target and the total number of Burger King restaurants open in India on December 31st of the prior development year; (iii) failure to comply with any material term of the Company Franchise Agreement or any unit addendum; (iv) a sub-franchisee breaches any material term of any franchise agreement to which it is a party; (v) our Company fails to comply with the debt to equity ratio i.e., not more than 2:1, at any time; and (vi) our Company undertakes, without first receiving the prior written approval of BK AsiaPac (subject to certain exceptions and the breach cured within the applicable cure period), any major decision involving any of the following actions, among others: (i) our Company or any of our subsidiaries consolidating, amalgamating, merging, selling, conveying, transferring, leasing or otherwise disposing of all of its property and assets to any person or permitting any person to merge with or into us or any of our subsidiaries; (ii) our Company or our subsidiaries, among others, winding up, dissolving, liquidating, reorganizing and readjusting or any other relief that may be sought under any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law and appointment of a trustee, receiver, administrator or liquidator; (iii) our Company or any of our subsidiaries acquiring control of the assets or equity interests of any person who is the transferee or assignee by contract of, the rights to develop, own or operate any RBI brand anywhere in the world; and (iv) changes in the permitted business activities of our Company or any of our subsidiaries. Further, the Franchise Parties have entered into the Receivables Letter with BK AsiaPac with respect to overdue fees and expenses as a one-time accommodation, pursuant to which the Franchisee Parties are required to pay the aggregate amount of US$1,455,535 to BK AsiaPac in three instalments in the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2021. If the Franchisee Parties fail to pay to BK AsiaPac in full any relevant instalment due by the relevant payment date, such failure would constitute an event of default and entitle BK AsiaPac to such remedies as set out in the Master Franchise and Development Agreement, the Company Franchise Agreement and the Receivables Letter. Therefore, there can be no assurance that we will not continue to face adverse effects due to the ongoing impact of COVID-19, and there is no assurance that we will in the future be able to make the payments as contemplated in the third amendment to MFDA and the Receivables Letter. 

To the extent a termination of the Master Franchise and Development Agreement is solely due to a Development Default, our Company will be entitled to open at least 35 Burger King restaurants per calendar year through December 31, 2039 under our previously agreed terms, including, non-refundable opening fees, monthly royalties and advertising contributions. However, if the Master Franchise and Development Agreement is terminated for any other reason, or if the Company Franchise Agreement or our unit addendums are terminated, the rights granted to us to operate Burger King restaurants would terminate, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. For further details, see “ _Our Business - Master Franchise and Development Agreement_ ” and “ _– Company Franchise Agreement_ ” on pages 139 and 142, respectively. 

24 

# **_5. Demand for our products may decrease due to changes in consumer preferences and food habits, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition._** 

Our competitive position depends on our continued ability to offer products that have a strong appeal to consumers. Our Company tailors its menu, promotions and pricing to the Indian tastes and preferences through its customer proposition, in particular with respect to value leadership, variety, a wide range of vegetarian offerings, taste advantage and flame grilling expertise, as described in the section titled “ _Our Business_ ” on page 121 of the Red Herring Prospectus. Further, our menu is built through extensive taste testing in order to appeal to the Indian palate and the tastes of the customers. We have a wide variety of 18 different vegetarian and non-vegetarian burgers covering both value and premium offerings. While our core strength is burgers, we continuously strive to enhance our customer experience by providing variety across our food offerings, including burgers, wraps, rice, beverages, sides, snacks, shakes and desserts across different day parts, including breakfast, lunch and dinner, and snack times and late night. From time to time, we also create limited time offerings, such as our Boss WHOPPER®, which we believe drive excitement and appeal for our premium customers. We have also recently renovated our menu to include a range of taste-based burgers, as well as introducing new and additional sauces to complement our menu offering. As we continue to expand our restaurant footprint across India, we are also launching specific regional product innovations, such as our BK® Fried Chicken in certain regions of India. This wide choice and variety in our menu help us to drive the frequency with which customers visit our restaurants. 

However, while our Company undertakes various measures to account for changing preferences of the consumers, we cannot assure you that these measures would be viable in the long run. If consumer dining preferences change due to shifts in consumer demographics, national, regional or local economic conditions, consumer tastes, dietary habits, trends in food sourcing or food preparation or changing levels of customer acceptance of our brand, and we are not able to adapt our menu or customer offering to account for these changes, our consumers may begin to seek alternative restaurant options or eat at home, which would adversely affect our financial results. Further, in particular, an increasing number of initiatives to create increased awareness of healthy eating could impact the public’s perception of the QSR industry, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or prospects, due to resulting decreased sales. For example, relevant governmental or regulatory authorities in India may issue reports, publications or notices advising citizens against food products prepared by the QSR industry. Customers may turn to our competitors offering healthier convenience food options such as lower calorie ready meals. If we are unable to adapt our products to successfully meet changes in consumer tastes and trends, our business and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. Our success in responding to consumer demands depends in part on our ability to anticipate consumer preferences and introduce new menu items to address these preferences in a timely fashion. Any failure to successfully anticipate and address changing customer preferences could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_6. We reported a restated loss in Fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020 and for the six months ended September 30, 2019 and September 30, 2020 and may incur additional losses in the future._** 

We reported a restated loss of ₹822.32 million, ₹382.79 million and ₹765.70 million in Fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively, and ₹174.28 million and ₹1,189.46 million in the six months ended September 30, 2019 and September 30, 2020, respectively. Additionally, we have negative retained earnings of ₹4,615.20 million as at September 30, 2020, which has resulted in erosion of a substantial portion of our other equity. We may incur losses after tax in the future. Our failure to generate profits may adversely affect the market price of our Equity Shares, restrict our ability to pay dividends and impair our ability to raise capital and expand our business. 

# **_7. Our business depends in part on the continued international success and reputation of the Burger King brand globally, and any negative impact on the Burger King brand may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

As the exclusive national master franchisee of the Burger King brand in India, our success is to a large extent directly related to the success of the Burger King brand globally, including the financial condition, advertising programs, new product development, overall quality of operations of Burger King Corporation and its subsidiaries and the successful and consistent operation of Burger King restaurants outside India and its other franchisees in other countries. The ability of the Burger King brand to compete effectively internationally depends upon the success of the management of Restaurant Brands International Inc., its activities in other countries, the success of its advertising programs and the success of its other franchisees. We have no control over the management or operations of Restaurant Brands International Inc.’s businesses or its franchisees. As a result, a variety of factors affecting the Burger King brand that are beyond our control could have a material adverse effect on our business. These factors include the inability or failure of Restaurant Brands International Inc. to support its franchisees, including our Company, negative publicity with respect to the Burger King brand and reputation due to food-related complaints, food-borne illnesses or food safety issues at Burger King restaurants outside of India, initiation of legal proceedings, employee misconduct, operational failures and regulatory investigations, which adversely impact the Burger King brand. Any damage to the Burger King brand could adversely impact the trust placed in the brand and our reputation and cause existing customers 

25 

or intermediaries to withdraw their business and reconsider doing business with us. Furthermore, negative publicity may result in increased regulation and legislative scrutiny of industry practices as well as increased litigation, which may further increase our costs of doing business and adversely affect our profitability. We also cannot assure you that the Burger King Brand will be able to compete effectively with other well-established international QSR chains in other countries or globally. As a result, any impairment or damage to the Burger King brand, including as a result of these or other factors, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_8. Deterioration in the performance of, or our relationships with, third-party delivery aggregators, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Demand for food delivery services through delivery aggregators online and through mobile apps has increased in recent years across the QSR industry, with the overall food delivery market increasing from US$4.7 billion in Fiscal 2016 to US$ 10.2 billion in Fiscal 2020. The impact of the COVID-19 crisis has increased this trend even more; before the pandemic, the overall food delivery market was expected to reach US$16.4 billion in Fiscal 2025, but it is now projected to reach US$18.1 billion. (Source: Technopak).  The introduction and growth of online ordering and mobile applications, as well as the increasing number and growth of third-party delivery aggregators, have made delivery a material part of our business, and we believe the increasing presence of delivery aggregators in India will have a significant impact on our business going forward. We leverage the large third-party delivery aggregators that have their own mobile applications and delivery fleets, and have integrated our customer base with certain delivery aggregators. However, the activities of delivery aggregators have increased competition with other QSR brands and new food service platforms, such as cloud kitchens, which do not offer in-restaurant services and only serve food through delivery aggregators, requiring less capital expenditure to offer food services. If food delivery through delivery aggregators continues to increase, it is possible that footfalls in our restaurants could decrease, especially in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, unless we adapt our business model to account for this change in consumer preference. We currently depend on delivery aggregators for a substantial portion of our food delivery services and that could increase in the future, especially as a result of the impact of COVID-19 and the resulting growth in delivery. It is possible that the negotiating leverage of delivery aggregators with respect to our contracts with them could increase as their businesses grow, which means we may have to pay higher fees for their services or may have difficulty extending or renewing our agreements with them on commercially acceptable terms, or at all, in the future, especially if we fail to sufficiently develop our own food delivery services or find alternative means to serve the increasing number of customers who choose to order their food online or through mobile applications. In addition, in order to win market share, certain delivery aggregators offer significant discounts for their services and as their businesses mature, they may choose or be required to raise their fees, which could adversely impact the fees we pay for their services. Any adverse development with respect to the delivery aggregators that we use to deliver our products, our relationship with them or their services, such as their failing to meet our service standards, actions or events attributed to them that impact customer perception of our brand, or any stoppage of their operations due to financial difficulties or otherwise, could adversely affect our ability to reach customers who choose to order food through delivery aggregators, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_9. We rely on a single third-party distributor for the purchase, supply and delivery of most of our ingredients and packaging materials and if we are required to source our ingredients or packaging materials from alternative distributors, deliveries to certain of our restaurants may be disrupted or delayed, which could adversely affect our operations and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We rely on a single third-party distributor, Coldex, which provides us with logistics services in each of the regions we are located in across India, including the procurement of ingredients and packaging materials, primary logistics from supplier facilities to distribution centres, warehousing and inventory management and secondary logistics to our restaurants. The services that our third-party distributor provides to us are critical to our supply chain and our ability to manage supply chain risk and distribution costs, as well as maintain control and traceability over our products. We also intend to utilise our third-party distributor’s logistics infrastructure as part of our strategy to penetrate new markets in key metropolitan areas and cities across India. However, our third-party distributor’s ability to provide us with these services effectively is dependent on a number of factors, some of which are beyond its control, and to the extent that our third-party distributor experiences any disruptions or delays in its operations due to, for example, disruptions in the technology it uses to manage our supply chain, insufficient labour or transportation resources, non-compliance with licensing or permit requirements, breakdowns in machinery or equipment, factors affecting road transportation or its infrastructure, such as political unrest, bad weather conditions and natural disasters, our supply chain could be disrupted  and our ability to source ingredients and packaging materials and deliver products to our restaurants could be disrupted, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We generally believe that a sufficient number of alternative distributors are available to source our products if our third-party distributor is not able to make a delivery or if products delivered do not meet Burger King System standards. However, if we are required to source our ingredients or packaging materials from alternative distributors, deliveries to certain of our restaurants may be disrupted or delayed, which could adversely affect our operations and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

26 

# **_10. Other interests of our Directors in our Company and our Promoter, other than normal remuneration or benefits or reimbursement of expenses incurred._** 

Our Directors are interested to the extent of fees payable to them for attending meetings of our Board or a committee thereof, to the extent of other remuneration and reimbursement of expenses, if any, payable to them by our Company under our Articles of Association and respective appointment letters, and to the extent of remuneration paid to them for services rendered as an officer or employee of our Company. Our Directors may also be interested to the extent of Equity Shares or options granted to them pursuant to ESOS 2015 (together with dividends and other distributions in respect of such Equity Shares). In addition, Jaspal Singh Sabharwal, our Non-Executive Director and Rajeev Varman, our Chief Executive Officer and Whole Time Director have relations with entities from whom our Company and our Promoter, respectively, have acquired services. Our Company entered into a supply agreement dated May 8, 2019 with Tagtaste Foods Private Limited, a company founded by Jaspal Singh Sabharwal, our Non-Executive Director, for marketing services including advertising, marketing, public relations, design and development of the Company’s website. In accordance with the arrangement, (a) a compensation of ₹ 1.50 million was paid by our Company to Tagtaste in Fiscal 2020; (b) invoices amounting to ₹ 1.20 million were raised by Tagtaste to our Company as of September 1, 2020; and (c) there may be invoices that are raised in the ordinary course of business by Tagtaste to our Company. While the term of the agreement is for a period of one year, there can be no assurance that we will be able to renew the agreement in a timely manner, at commercially acceptable terms, or at all. Moreover, our Promoter had also entered into a consultancy agreement and side letter dated October 22, 2014 with RV Services Pte. Ltd., a company founded by Rajeev Varman, our Chief Executive Officer and Whole Time Director, for professional services he provides in the QSR sector; however, the same has been terminated. Further, RV Services Pte. Ltd. also holds shares in our Promoter. Additionally, our Promoter and F&B Singapore have entered into an investment letter dated August 15, 2019 with Ajay Kaul, our Non-Executive Director, wherein he is entitled to 0.3% of the economic value of the investments by our Promoter and F&B Singapore in our Company through our Promoter. Ajay Kaul also holds shares in our Promoter and preference shares in F&B Singapore. For further details see “ _Our Management - Interest of Directors_ ”, “ _Our Promoter and Promoter Group – Interests of Promoter in property of our Company_ ” and “ _Summary of the Offer Document_ – _Summary of Related Party Transactions_ ” on pages 157, 168 and 18, respectively. 

# **_11. We have had negative cash flows from operating and financing activities in certain of the last 3 years and the six months ended September 30, 2019 and September 30, 2020 and we may have negative cash flows in the future._** 

Set forth below is a table of selected information from our restated financial statements of cash flows for Fiscal Years 2020, 2019, and 2018 and the six months ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2019. 

|||**Fiscal Year**<br>||**For the six m**<br>**Septem**<br>|**onths ended**<br>**ber 30,**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2018**<br>**(****_in ₹ million_) **|**2019**<br>**(****_in ₹ million_) **|**2020**<br>**(****_in ₹ million_) **|**2019**<br>**(in ₹ million)**|**2020**<br>**(****_in ₹ million_) **|
|Net cash flows generated / (used) in<br>operating activities|304.90|865.43|1,127.20|738.22|95.62|
|Net cash flows generated / (used) in<br>investing activities|127.85|(1,139.62)|(2,304.23)|(714.32)|(277.53)|
|Net cash flows generated / (used) in<br>financing activities|(484.30)|360.70|1,059.02|(59.12)|233.12|
|Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash<br>equivalents|(51.55)|86.51|(118.01)|(35.22)|51.21|
|Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning<br>of the year / period|123.59|72.04|158.55|158.55|40.54|
|Cash and cash equivalents as at the end of<br>the year / period|72.04|158.55|40.54|123.33|91.75|



For further details, see “ _Financial Statements_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition_ ” on pages 171 and 256, respectively. We cannot assure you that our net cash flows will be positive in the future. 

# **_12. We may not be able to identify suitable locations and successfully develop and roll out new restaurants, and our expansion into new regions and markets may present increased risks due to our unfamiliarity with the areas in which our restaurants are located._** 

A key part of our business and growth strategy is to maintain the pace of expansion of our restaurant network, which requires us to continually identify suitable and available restaurant locations and develop and build out restaurants at those locations. Although the Master Franchise and Development Agreement was recently amended on November 18, 2020 to account for the impact of the COVID-19 crisis on our business and the rate at which we have been able to open restaurants during the course of Fiscal 2021 (including the extension by one year of the timeline for our Company to develop and open at least 700 restaurants (including Company-owned Burger King Restaurants and Sub-Franchised Burger King Restaurants), from December 31, 2025 to December 31, 2026), under the Master Franchise and Development Agreement, we are required to open a certain number of new restaurants each year and our inability to open such number of restaurants could lead to a termination of the Master Franchise and Development Agreement 

27 

which would materially and adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. As at the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we had 259 Company-owned Burger King Restaurants and nine SubFranchised Burger King Restaurants and currently plan to have at least 300 restaurants, including Sub-Franchised Burger King Restaurants, open by December 31, 2021. The development and roll out of new restaurants involve substantial risks, any of which could be exacerbated or caused by the ongoing COVID-19 crisis, including in relation to the following: 

- the inability to identify or the unavailability of suitable sites on acceptable leasing terms; 

- lack of our ability to compete successfully for suitable restaurant sites; 

- unavailability of financing; 

- lack of suitable contractors for construction; 

- development costs that exceed budgeted amounts; 

- delays in completion of construction; 

- difficulties in relation to the implementation of the systems, procedures and control measures required at new and different restaurant locations; 

- the inability to obtain all necessary governmental or local authority permits and approvals and other requisite restaurant-related licenses and permits; 

- developed restaurants that, once opened, do not achieve desired revenue or cash flow levels; 

- incurring substantial unrecoverable costs if a development project is abandoned prior to completion; 

- consumer tastes in new geographic regions and acceptance of our products; 

- cost increases for developing restaurants or importing equipment which is subject to duty; 

- changes in governmental rules, regulations and interpretations; and 

- changes in general economic and business conditions. 

Our Master Franchise and Development Agreement also contains certain limitations on our ability to open new restaurants, including that we are required to obtain prior written approval from BK AsiaPac in order to develop a new restaurant and we must adhere to the standards and policies prescribed by BK AsiaPac with respect to the use of equipment, building layouts and designs. In addition, our efforts to develop and roll out new restaurants may also increase the complexity of our operations and place additional strain on our management and operational, financial and human resources. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve our expansion goals or that new restaurants will be opened in a timely fashion, or at all. If we are not able to identify suitable locations and successfully develop and build out new restaurants in a timely, cost effective and profitable manner or otherwise manage the growth of our network of restaurants effectively, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. 

# **_13. Our new restaurants may not be profitable or perform as planned and could also adversely impact sales in our existing restaurants, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Since opening our first restaurant in November 2014, we have 259 Company-owned Burger King Restaurants as at the date of this Red Herring Prospectus and have had seven permanent restaurant closures (excluding relocations), which took place due to business viability and decreased footfalls, as well as the non-fulfillment of obligations by the landlord. Of those permanent closures, five occurred during the six months ended September 30, 2020, which were directly related to the impact of COVID-19 on our business. We plan to utilize a portion of the Net Proceeds to set-up new Company-owned Burger King Restaurants in India. The profitability and performance of our new restaurants depend on a number of factors, and we cannot assure you that our new restaurants will be profitable or perform as planned. 

In particular, some of our new restaurants are and may in the future be located in areas where we have little or no operating experience, which may expose us to additional risks. These areas may have different competitive conditions, consumer tastes, discretionary spending patterns and economic conditions than our existing locations, which may cause our new restaurants to be less successful than our existing restaurants or to incur losses. Sales at restaurants opened in those new areas may take longer to reach, or may never breakeven, especially during the current COVID- 

28 

19 crisis, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, costs of opening new restaurants in areas in which we have little or no operating experience and in which customer awareness of our brand is low may require us to incur additional costs in relation to the promotion of those restaurants which may be substantially greater than those incurred by our restaurants in other areas. 

In addition, the opening of a new restaurant in or near markets in which we already have restaurants could also adversely affect the restaurant sales of those existing restaurants. Existing restaurants could also make it more difficult to build our consumer base for a new restaurant in the same market. Cannibalisation of restaurant sales within our system may become significant in the future as we continue to expand our operations, in particular as our restaurant continues to grow and become more dense, which could adversely affect our same-restaurant sales growth. If we fail to successfully open new restaurants that are economically viable and expand our business in a manner that does not adversely impact our existing restaurants, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

# **_14. Our Company and one of our Directors are involved in certain legal proceedings, which, if determined adversely, may adversely affect our business and financial condition._** 

Our Company and one of our Directors are involved in certain legal proceedings at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and appellate authorities. For instance, one of our non-executive directors, Amit Manocha, received a notice dated September 18, 2019 from SFIO in his capacity as a director of Massive Restaurants Private Limited in relation to investigation of affairs involving another company. For further details in relation to the matter see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation against our Directors_ ” on page 289. In the event of adverse rulings in these proceedings or consequent levy of penalties by other statutory authorities, our Company and one of our Directors may need to make payments or make provisions for future payments, which may increase expenses and current or contingent liabilities and also adversely affect our reputation. 

A summary of the proceedings involving our Company and one of our Directors is provided below: 

|**S.**<br>**No.**|**Name of entity**|**Criminal**<br>**proceedings**|**Tax proceedings**|**Statutory/**<br>**regulatory**<br>**proceedings**|**Material civil**<br>**litigation**|**Aggregate amount**<br>**involved**<br>**(in ₹ million****_)_**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|1.|**Company**||||||
||Against the Company|3|11|5|2|60.51|
|2.|**Directors **||||||
||Against the Directors|-|-|1|-|-|
||**Total**|**3**|**11**|**6**|**2**|60.51*|



> _* Amount involving direct and indirect tax matters is based on demand notices, show cause notices and concluded assessments._ 

We could be adversely affected by legal actions and claims brought by consumers or regulatory authorities in relation to the quality of our products and eventual health problems or other consequences caused by our products or by any of their ingredients. We could also be affected by legal actions and claims brought against us for products made in a jurisdiction outside of India. We may be subject to private and governmental lawsuits, including, but not limited to, lawsuits relating to taxes, trade and business, intellectual property, consumer protection, product safety, licensing, property, landlord/tenant and environmental matters. 

For further details see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” beginning on page 287. 

# **_15. We do not have operational or financial control over the businesses of our sub-franchisees, and they could take actions that could harm our business._** 

Our sub-franchisees are independent operators and, while we can mandate certain operational standards and procedures through the enforcement of our sub-franchise agreements, they may take actions or conduct their businesses in a manner that could harm our business reputation and we may not be able to enforce our rights under the sub-franchise agreement in sufficient time to prevent damage to our reputation or at all. In addition, we cannot prevent our subfranchisees from taking actions that could adversely affect their financial viability, such as incurring significant indebtedness, or the profitability of our Sub-Franchised Burger King Restaurants. Our sub-franchisees may also be more significantly impacted by the COVID-19, since many of their restaurants are located in transit locations, where government restrictions have prevented their operations, resulting in seven out of nine of our Sub-Franchisee Burger King Restaurants being temporarily closed as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. This could result in certain of our sub-franchisees discontinuing their operations, in particular if they continue to be restricted from opening their businesses. In addition, sub-franchisees may be less directly interested in preserving or enhancing the Burger King brand and reputation than we are. Sub-franchisees may operate their restaurants in a manner inconsistent with Burger King global standards and requirements, such as with respect to cleanliness, service or quality standards that are covered by our franchise agreements and manuals, or otherwise with standards set by governmental laws and regulations, such as governmental restrictions in place due to COVID-19, and could fail to adequately hire and train 

29 

qualified managers and other restaurant personnel. While we ultimately can terminate sub-franchisees that do not comply with the terms and conditions of our sub-franchise agreements, our brand and reputation may nonetheless suffer as a result of the activities of our sub-franchisees. In addition, any amendment to the sub-franchise agreement or waiver of the sub-franchisee’s obligations to comply with a material condition under its sub-franchisee agreement with us will require BK AsiaPac’s prior written consent, which may delay the implementation of its activities and adversely affect its business. 

**_16. The auditor reports on our audited financial statements as at and for the six months period ended September 30, 2020 and Fiscal Years 2018 through 2020 contain certain qualification / modification / emphasis of matter in the annexures to the audit reports on our audited financial statements as at and for the six months period ended September 30, 2020 and Fiscal Years 2018 through 2020 including the matters specified in the Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2016._** 

The auditor reports on our audited financial statements as at and for the six months period ended September 30, 2020 and Fiscal Years 2018 through 2020 contain certain qualification / modification /emphasis of matter in the audit report or annexures to the audit reports on our audited financial statements as at and for the six months period ended September 30, 2020 and Fiscal Years 2018 through 2020 including the matters specified in the Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2016. 

Our audit report dated November 12, 2020 on the audited Ind AS financial statements as at and for the six months period ended September 30, 2020, included emphasis of matter to indicate the Company's management’s assessment of impact of COVID-19 pandemic on the Ind AS financial statements of the Company. 

Our audit report dated September 28, 2020 on the audited Ind AS financial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2020, included emphasis of matter to indicate the management’s assessment of impact of COVID-19 pandemic on the Ind AS financial statements of the Company. 

The annexures to the audit report on our audited Ind AS financial statements as at March 31, 2019 and for Fiscal 2019 contain certain qualifications with respect to: 

- undisputed statutory dues have generally been regularly deposited with the appropriate authorities though there have been serious delays in payment of provident fund; 

- certain undisputed dues of provident fund outstanding for more than six months; and 

- for one tranche in respect of a private placement of 8% Compulsory Convertible Preference Shares money received on application was not kept in a separate bank account in a scheduled bank as required by proviso to section 42(6) of the Companies Act, 2013. 

The annexures to the audit report on our audited Ind AS financial statements as at March 31, 2018 and for Fiscal 2018 contain certain qualifications with respect to slight delays in few cases of deposit of undisputed statutory dues. 

If any such qualifications or observations are included in the auditor report or the annexures to the auditor’s report for our financial statements in the future, the trading price of our Equity Shares may be adversely affected. 

# **_17. The success of our business strategy depends on our ability to establish, deliver and maintain our value leadership strategy, the failure of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

A key part of our business and business strategy is to drive footfalls and sales in our restaurants and to continue to build on our value leadership by continuing to drive menu architecture to offer products that are tailored to Indian tastes and preferences at attractive price points. We also intend to continue to offer customers our wide entry level menu, offer a number of promotional offerings, create accessible meal options and introduce new products that are designed to attract and cater to customers looking for everyday value. We also intend to develop innovative offerings to cater to an even wider market in the future, including by leveraging different parts of our menu offering on a regional or national basis. However, our ability to implement this will depend in part on our ability to anticipate consumer preferences in India, create profitable products and introduce promotions that appeal to our customers, as well as to successfully market the products and promotions that we develop. If we are not able to do this, or our competitors are able to introduce innovative products and promotions more quickly or effectively or market their products more successfully or establish better value than us, our advertising and marketing costs could increase and our footfalls, same restaurant sales and our ability to penetrate new markets may be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_18. Changes in governmental regulation or public perception with respect to healthy eating habits could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

30 

There is growing concern among consumers, public health professionals and government agencies about the long-term health problems associated with certain conditions, such as obesity and in particular child obesity, diabetes, tooth decay, cardiovascular disease, high cholesterol, high sodium, high trans-fat, high sugar and hypertension in adults which, have been linked to fast food products such as those sold in our restaurants and other QSR brands. These health concerns may prompt governments in India to introduce new or increase existing taxes on fast food products, such as implementing a sugar tax on soft drinks, sodium content of food or on foods that are linked with obesity, which may increase the prices of, and consequently reduce demand for, the products we sell in our restaurants. There may also be new laws and regulations that may classify our products as ‘unhealthy’ or that may impact the ingredients and nutritional content of our menu offerings or that may require us to disclose more about the nutritional content of our products. Any sudden changes in the regulatory environment relating to our products as a result of these or other developments could require us to implement changes to our operations or alter our menu offerings or could negatively impact our ability to sell and market our products profitably. In addition, negative publicity resulting from public health campaigns and associated government measures may reduce consumer demand for our products and could result in regulatory developments that may adversely impact our ability to promote and advertise our business and communicate effectively with our target customers, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We cannot make any assurances regarding our ability to respond effectively to changes in governmental regulation or public perception with respect to healthy eating habits. Our failure to respond effectively to these and any other related developments could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_19. Any failure to maintain effective quality control systems or protocols for our supply chain or restaurants could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The quality and safety of the food we serve is critical to our success. Maintaining consistent food quality and preventing food contamination and other health hazards depends significantly on the effectiveness of the quality control systems, policies and guidelines that we, our third-party distributor, approved suppliers of our third-party distributor, our suppliers and our sub-franchisees have in place, which in turn depends on a number of factors, including the design of the quality control systems and employee implementation and compliance with those quality control systems. During the COVID-19 crisis, we have also implemented high standards of safety and hygiene protocols across our restaurants covering guest safety, crew safety, sanitisation, social distancing, temperature checks and safe deliveries. These have included hourly sanitisation of critical areas (including billing counters, entrance door handles, guest tables and baby chairs), half-hourly hand washing and sanitisation by staff and continuous monitoring of staff health. There can be no assurance that the quality control systems or protocols that we, our third-party distributor, approved suppliers of our third-party distributor, our suppliers and our sub-franchisees have in place will prove to be effective. Any significant failure or deterioration of these quality control systems or protocols could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition and can cause negative publicity that can affect our brand. 

Due to the impact of COVID-19 and the government actions to contain it, most of our supply chains have been, and continue to be, impacted. There can be no assurance that there will not be further, or deeper, supply chain disruptions, or that the steps we are taking to mitigate such disruptions will be effective or achieve their desired results in a timely fashion. 

We could also be subject to civil and/or criminal liability and other regulatory consequences in the event that a health hazard were to be found at any of our restaurants as a result of a failure of the quality control systems or protocols that we, our third-party distributor, approved suppliers of our third-party distributor, our suppliers and our sub-franchisees have in place, including the spread of any infection or disease. We may be the subject of public interest litigation in India relating to allegations of such hazards, as well as in cases having potential criminal and civil liability filed by regulatory authorities. If such cases are determined against us, there could be an adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_20. Our marketing and advertising campaigns may not be effective in increasing our brand awareness and the effectiveness of our competitors’ advertising and promotional programs could adversely affect our competitive position._** 

A key part of our business strategy is to build brand awareness and loyalty. Our advertising and marketing expenses were 14.25%, 8.52%, 5.83%, 5.17% and 5.02% as a percentage of our revenue from sale of food and beverages in Fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020 and for the six months ended September 30, 2019 and September 30, 2020, respectively. Brand awareness is essential to our continued growth and financial success, and our revenues are heavily influenced by our brand marketing and advertising, as well as the marketing and advertising of our competitors. 

We currently plan to make sustained investment in social media and mass media channels, such as regular TV commercials and big ticket and high impact media properties, to promote our products, as increasing the awareness of the Burger King brand is an important part of our strategy to expand our business into new regions and locations in 

31 

India. However, our marketing and advertising campaigns may not be effective to the extent planned or at all and we may, therefore, fail to attract new customers and retain existing customers. In particular, an important part of our business strategy is to position our brand for millennials through our marketing and advertising campaigns, both on television and social media, our in-restaurant design and messaging, and in the packaging of our products. In order to do this, we need to continuously innovate and develop our mass media and social media strategies in order to maintain brand appeal with millennials and our other customers. In addition, we may fail to penetrate new target markets if our marketing and advertising programs are unsuccessful or not appropriately tailored to appeal to the target market or our competitors may increase spending on advertising and promotion or their marketing and advertising campaigns may be more effective than ours. As a result of any of these factors, we may have to make additional investment in marketing and advertising or lose market share. If our marketing and advertising campaigns are not as effective as our competitors, our ability to increase our brand awareness and our competitive position could be adversely affected, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, if we have to increase our investment in marketing and advertising to remain competitive, our profitability could be adversely affected, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_21. We may be unable to detect, deter and prevent all instances of fraud or negligence or other misconduct committed by our employees, customers or other third parties, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Since we operate in the QSR industry, we usually receive and handle relatively large amounts of cash in our daily operations. Instances of fraud, theft or other misconduct with respect to cash can be difficult to detect, deter and prevent, and could subject us to financial losses and harm our reputation. Although we have controls in place with respect to the handling of cash, we may be unable to prevent, detect or deter all such instances of misconduct. For example, our Company received a notice demanding payment for compensation on account of alleged credit card cloning by a former employee of our Company. For further details regarding instances of fraud by our employees, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” beginning on page 287. Additionally, in the past, certain employees of our Company faced allegations of engaging in corruption/ bribery and malpractices. Investigation proceedings were initiated against these personnel and consequently an anti-corruption laws enquiry report was obtained by our Company. As at the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, all corrective measures were taken in this regard and an online FCPA training module was implemented for the employees. Any such misconduct committed against our interests, which may include past acts that have gone undetected or future acts, may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_22. Failure to obtain or maintain or renew licenses, registrations, permits and approvals in a timely manner or at all may adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

As part of our business and operations in India, we are required to obtain various licenses and permits from local and government authorities to roll out new restaurants and run our business. Obtaining licenses and permits is a time consuming process and subject to frequent delays. Our government licenses and permits are also subject to numerous conditions, some of which are onerous and require us to incur expenditure. In addition, we will need to apply for renewal of certain approvals, licenses, registrations and permits, which expire or seek new approvals, licenses, registrations and permits from time to time, as and when required in the ordinary course of our business. For further details, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” beginning on page 291. 

Further, several of the licenses and approvals required in relation to our operations are subject to local state or municipal laws. While we have obtained a significant number of approvals, licenses, registrations and permits from the relevant authorities, we are yet to receive or apply for certain approvals, licenses, registrations, permits or renewals. For example, for some of our operating restaurants (i) while we may not have obtained the consent to establish, we have obtained the consent to operate from the relevant state pollution control board, (ii) while we have applied for the consent to operate from the relevant state pollution control board, we are yet to receive such approval, (iii) in relation to certain form filings with relevant fire department required in terms of the state specific laws, we are yet to make such filings (iv) further, with respect certain of our restaurants, we are yet to apply for trade license, and in certain cases, renewal of trade licenses, from the relevant municipal authorities. Apart from the above, some of our licenses and approvals have been rejected in the past by the authorities empowered to grant such licenses and approvals for our restaurants for reasons, including but not limited to, inadequacy of documents required to be submitted with the application and initiation of online application process by such authorities. Further, in relation to one of our rejected approval for our restaurant located at Sector-35, Chandigarh, we received a show cause notice from the authorities for, _inter alia_ , establishment and operating the restaurant without obtaining consent to establish and consent to operate in terms of section 21 of the Air Act and 25/ 26 of the Water Act and the matter is currently pending. We also received a show cause notice in relation to our restaurant located at Model Town, Jalandhar for refusal by the authorities to grant consent to operate due to, among other things, discharging effluent directly into the sewer. For further details, see “ _Legal and Other Information – Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation involving our Company – Actions taken by regulatory and statutory authorities_ ” on page 288. Any delay in receipt or non-receipt of 

32 

such approvals, licenses, registrations, permits or their renewals could result in cost and time overrun or could adversely affect our related operations. In addition, in such circumstances, the relevant authorities may direct us to close our restaurants, initiate criminal actions against us, restrain our operations, impose fines or penalties or initiate legal proceedings for our inability to renew/ obtain approvals in a timely manner or at all. Apart from the above, in relation to some of our stores (specially the stores in malls), the agreement places the obligation of obtaining certain building related approvals on the lessor and any failure by the lessor to obtain such approvals may adversely affect our related operations of our stores at such places. 

If we fail to obtain certain licenses, approvals or permits, we may not be able to continue operations at our existing restaurant locations or develop the affected new restaurant sites. In addition, the regulations that govern the licenses and permits for our restaurants may change, requiring us to make changes to our restaurants in order to comply, which may mean that we have to incur additional expenses in order to remain in compliance. Our failure to retain or renew our licenses and permits in a timely manner may mean we become subject to fines or sanctions or that we are required to shut down a restaurant, which would require us to incur additional cost and would adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Further, our government approvals and licenses are subject to certain conditions and if we fail to comply or a regulator claims that we have not complied with such conditions, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. 

# **_23. We are dependent on the adequate and timely delivery of quality ingredients, packaging materials and other necessary supplies and if our suppliers fail to provide us with sufficient quality and quantities of ingredients, packaging materials and other necessary supplies, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected._** 

Our operations are dependent on adequate and timely deliveries of quality ingredients, packaging materials and other necessary supplies that meet Burger King System requirements. We depend substantially on approved suppliers from which we and our third-party distributor purchases ingredients and packaging materials. A failure of our suppliers to provide us or our third-party distributor with sufficient quantities of ingredients and packaging materials of adequate quality meeting Burger King global standards on a timely basis as a result of shortages, interruptions in their own supplies, such as those that could be caused by weather or other conditions, or their failure to retain their certification as approved suppliers of BK AsiaPac or otherwise could result in a disruption or delay in supply of the ingredients, packaging materials and other necessary supplies that we require for our restaurants. Although we generally believe there are sufficient numbers of alternative suppliers for our ingredients and packaging materials, shortages or other industry-wide disruptions could occur, such as in connection with the COVID-19 crisis, and we may not be able to obtain replacement ingredients or packaging materials of adequate quality or sufficient quantity on commercially agreeable terms in the open market, which could require us to incur additional cost, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, with one of our suppliers, in particular our beverage supplier, we contribute jointly towards marketing and advertising and our beverage supplier provides packaging and promotional materials that have both our and the beverage supplier’s branding. If our agreements with such supplier is terminated or not renewed, we may incur additional costs in relation to the beverages we sell. 

# **_24. Our loan facility agreement contains restrictive covenants which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial conditions._** 

We did not incur any indebtedness for borrowed money for Fiscal 2018 and 2019. As of November 16, 2020, our Company has availed credit facilities from ICICI Bank Limited for total sanctioned amount of ₹2,400 million for the purpose of undertaking expenditure for opening new restaurants and renovation/ refurbishment of existing restaurants and transaction related expenses and expenses pertaining to the proposed initial public offering, and meeting working capital requirements. As of September 30, 2020, we had ₹2,007.68 million outstanding under these facilities, which comprised our total indebtedness outstanding. The non-current borrowings outstanding as at September 30, 2020 was ₹1,759.93 million, net of unamortised processing fees of ₹24.25 million and current maturities of non-current borrowings was ₹25.82 million, for six-month period ended September 30, 2020 in accordance with Ind AS 109 – “Financial Instruments”  and ₹197.68 million outstanding bank overdraft as at September 30, 2020. Our term loan agreement contains requirements to maintain certain security cover, financial ratios and contain restrictive covenants relating to changes in capital structure (except due to employee stock options), making changes to constitutional documents, entering management contracts, incurring further indebtedness, encumbrances on, or disposal of assets, paying dividends and making investments over certain thresholds. Further, as disclosed in the section “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 253, our Company shall be mandatorily required to first repay (a) minimum of 50% of the lender’s debt from the proceeds of the Offer in case the shareholding of our Promoter in our Company falls up to 61%; and (b) 100% of the lender’s debt from the proceeds of the Offer in case the shareholding our Promoter in our Company falls below 61%. For further details, see section “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” beginning on page 253 of this Red Herring Prospectus. The term loan arrangement specifies that upon the occurrence of an event of default, the lender shall have the right to declare the loan to be immediately due and payable with accrued interest and enforce rights over the 

33 

security created. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with these financial or other covenants, or that we will be able to obtain the consents necessary to proceed with the actions which we believe are necessary to operate and grow our business, which may in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_25. Increasing cost of ingredients or packaging materials and other costs could adversely affect our profitability._** 

Most ingredients used in our products are subject to price fluctuations as a result of inflation, seasonality, global supply and demand, weather conditions, demand in local and international markets, fluctuations in currency exchange rates and tax incentives and other factors. We have no control over fluctuations in the price and availability of ingredients, packaging materials or variations in products caused by these factors and they could impact the prices imposed by our suppliers, making the cost of ingredients or packaging materials more expensive for us and increase the prices of our products for our customers, which may reduce demand and therefore affect our overall financial performance. In addition, as a result of COVID-19, we have modified the quality of our packaging to cater to the increase in delivery customers and customers opting for take-away in restaurants, which has also increased our packaging costs. Any increases in cost of ingredients or packaging materials and other costs including manufacturing cost could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We have no control over fluctuations in the price and availability of ingredients caused by these factors. Although we engage in long-term contracting and undertake other measures to counter act fluctuations in the price of our ingredients and packaging materials, there can be no assurance that we can completely budget for or predict any changes in these prices, which may increase the risk to our business and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_26. A failure by us or BK AsiaPac to protect the Burger King brand, as well as other intellectual property rights and proprietary information in India could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our business depends on consumers’ perception of the strength of, and our continued ability to use, the Burger King brand and the trademarks, service marks and other intellectual property relating to the Burger King brand, including the Burger King logo and Burger King core marks, such as BURGER KING®, WHOPPER® and HOME OF THE WHOPPER® (collectively, the “ **BK IP** ”), as well as other proprietary information relating to our products that are also owned by Burger King Corporation. In addition, one of our key strategies is to increase brand awareness and loyalty towards the Burger King brand in India. Under the terms of our Master Franchise and Development Agreement, we are required to assist BK AsiaPac in India with protecting its intellectual property rights and other proprietary information. However, our efforts to protect this intellectual property and other proprietary information may prove to be inadequate and, as a result, the value of the Burger King brand could be harmed. For example, we may not be able to detect or prevent the BK IP from trademark or other infringements, and it is possible that other proprietary information, such as the recipes of our products, proposed pricing or product launch information, could be leaked by our employees, our distributor, our suppliers or our sub-franchisees. If any of these were to occur and Burger King’s brand image were harmed as a result, our competitive position in the QSR industry in India and our ability to grow our business could be negatively impacted, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, BK AsiaPac could deem any unauthorized use by us of the Burger King brand, its intellectual property rights or other proprietary information, whether intentional or not, to be a breach of the terms of the Master Franchise and Development Agreement and seek to terminate the Master Franchise and Development Agreement, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_27. There have been procedural inaccuracies in private placement of Preference Shares to the Promoter by us._** 

We were facing procedural inaccuracies in a private placement dated November 5, 2018 of 5,500,000 Preference Shares of ₹100 each to our Promoter. We filed an application for adjudication of penalties on October 11, 2019 with the RoC in relation to the failure of receipt of monies in a separate bank account in accordance with section 42(6) of the Companies Act, 2013. Subsequently, the RoC issued an order dated February 3, 2020 (the “ **Order** ”) imposing a penalty of ₹ 0.2 million on the Company and ₹ 0.1 million each on Rajeev Varman, Chief Executive Officer and Whole Time Director, Ranjana Saboo, our former company secretary and compliance officer and Sumit P. Zaveri, Chief Financial Officer (collectively referred to as the “ **Addresses to the Order** ”). The Company and the Addresses to the Order have complied with the Order and have paid a collective penalty of ₹0.5 million on February 18, 2020. Further, there has also been certain delays in relation to certain regulatory filings in relation to this issue. 

# **_28. The arrangements with respect to our restaurant sites may expose us to potential losses, liabilities and increased costs, which may in turn adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

As at September 30, 2020, all of our business operations were conducted on premises through leases, leave and licenses, sub-licenses, sub-leases and business conducting agreements (collectively referred to as “ **Arrangements** ”). In addition, we currently intend to expand our restaurant network for our new restaurants by entering into new Arrangements. Our operating performance depends, in part, on our ability to secure properties for our restaurants in appropriate locations at rents, fees or other charges we believe are cost effective. We generally enter into long-term real estate Arrangements that have an initial term that typically ranges from 5 to 20 years. Typically, we are required 

34 

to pay a security deposit and for certain of our Arrangements a specified monthly rental and common area maintenance charges for the duration of the relevant Arrangement, which may be subject to periodic escalations at agreed rates. Several of our Arrangements are based on a revenue share model along with a fixed minimum monthly guaranteed amount, which we are required to pay regardless of the revenue we generate at the relevant restaurant. Under certain of our Arrangements, we are also required to keep the relevant lessor, sub-lessor, licensor, sub-licensor or any other similar relationship (collectively referred to as “ **Parties** ”) indemnified against, among other things, losses arising out of non-payment of statutory dues pertaining to our business, losses or damage caused to the property and losses arising due to negligence or wilful default or omission by us or our employees. 

While certain of our Arrangements grant us a right of renewal upon expiration with periodic escalations at agreed rates, certain of our existing Arrangements do not provide for renewal or extension of the period. If we are required to negotiate a new Arrangement at an existing location upon expiration, we may be subject to further rent, fees or any other charges increases. In recent years, rental costs, fees and other charges where certain of our restaurants are located have escalated significantly and may continue to escalate there and at locations where we intend to open new restaurants in the future. There can be no assurance that there will not be further significant increases in rental costs, fees or other charges in these locations in the future. We have engaged in rent relief negotiations with all of our landlords, and arrived at negotiated agreements with respect to reductions in rent and our rental obligations during the COVID-19 crisis with a majority of our landlords. In accordance with MCA Notification, the Company has elected to apply the practical expedient of not assessing lease concessions as a lease modification for all lease concessions which are granted due to COVID-19 pandemic. As per the requirements of the MCA Notification, out of total lease concessions confirmed till September 30, 2020 of ₹218.31 million (including ₹62.17 million unconditional lease concessions pertaining to subsequent periods), ₹90.75 million has been accounted under rent expenses (to the extent available) and balance of ₹127.56 million is reported under Other Income for the period ended September 30, 2020. As of September 30, 2020, we had a total of ₹286.58 million in outstanding rental payments to landlords. 

If we are not able to renegotiate or renew our Arrangements on commercially acceptable terms or at all, we may have to relocate and find new locations to lease for the affected restaurants or be forced to close them. In addition, we may be required to relocate or close certain restaurant locations if the locations become unviable due to changes in neighbourhood demographics, economic conditions or other reasons that result in reduced sales or profitability, some of which may be beyond our control. Certain of our Arrangements also include lock-in periods for a specific period of years, during which we are not permitted to terminate the Arrangement, except upon the occurrence of a limited number of specified events. If we terminate any such Arrangement during the relevant lock-in period due to these or other reasons, we may be liable to pay the rent, fees or any other charges including applicable taxes for the unexpired lock-in period. Certain of our Arrangements also impose penalties or damages for failure to hand over possession of the premises to the Parties within the set out period of time, which we may be required to pay if we are delayed in relocating or closing a restaurant. In addition, we typically make significant capital improvements to the premises and we may be unable to recover certain costs associated with opening and operating a restaurant if we are required to relocate or close the restaurant, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In certain cases, Parties are required to obtain statutory and regulatory approvals or permits, including completion and occupation certificates from relevant Governmental authorities. However, for certain properties in relation to our Arrangements, the Parties have not furnished completion and occupation certificates. In addition, for certain Arrangements, the Parties may not have good and marketable title to some part or the entire land as a result of nonexecution, non-registration or inadequate stamping of conveyance deeds and other acquisition documents, or which may be subject to, or affected by, encumbrances of which we may not be aware. We may not therefore be able to assess or identify disputes, unregistered encumbrances or adverse possession rights over title to real property which we have leased. Legal disputes in respect of land title can have uncertain outcomes and can take several years and require considerable expense to resolve if they become the subject of court proceedings. If the Party is unable to resolve such disputes with the relevant claimants, we may lose our interest, which may consequently lead to eviction and affect our business operations. 

If any of the above factors should occur with respect to any of our Arrangements, our operations at the relevant restaurant sites could be adversely affected, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_29. Our business is dependent on certain material agreements, which may affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our business is dependent on certain material agreements, which may affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In particular, we consider the following agreements to be material to our business and have included descriptions of each at the pages indicated below: 

35 

- Master Franchise and Development Agreement dated November 19, 2013 between BK AsiaPac, QSR Asia and our Company, along with amendment agreements dated November 12, 2014, October 31, 2019 and November 18, 2020, described on page 139 of the Red Herring Prospectus; 

- Company Franchise Agreement dated November 19, 2013 between BK AsiaPac, QSR Asia and our Company, along with amendment agreement dated October 31, 2019, described on page 142 of the Red Herring Prospectus; and 

- Intellectual property letter agreement dated November 19, 2013, entered into by Burger King Corporation and BK AsiaPac with F&B Singapore, Everstone Capital Partners II, LLC, F&B Asia Ventures Ltd (Mauritius), QSR Asia and our Company, described on page 138 of the Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_30. A failure or delay in entering into and registering and stamping definitive lease agreements with respect to our restaurant sites may expose us to increased costs and adversely affect our ability to develop and operate our new restaurant sites._** 

As part of our restaurant roll out process, we enter into letters of intent or term sheets and submit deposits to the relevant owners of the properties where a new restaurant will be located once we have identified a site to develop. The development and operation of new restaurants may occur with only a letter of intent or term sheet in place. The letters of intent or term sheets are typically subject to a definitive lease agreement in the form of a lease deed or leave and license agreement being entered into between the parties within a specified time period or they terminate unless extended. We may be delayed or be unable to enter a definitive lease agreement with respect to a specific site for various reasons, some of which are beyond our control, which may result in us having restaurants operating under letters of intent that have expired or cease the development or operation of the relevant restaurant. This could result in us not being able to recover certain of our costs already incurred with respect to the development or operation of the new restaurant site, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, lease agreements are required to be duly registered and adequately stamped under Indian law and if one of our lease agreements is not duly registered and adequately stamped, we may face challenges in enforcing them and they may be inadmissible as evidence in a court in India or attract penalties prescribed under applicable Indian law. 

# **_31. Our success depends significantly on our senior management and other skilled personnel, and we may be adversely affected if we lose their services without finding equally skilled replacements._** 

Our success depends on the continued services and performance of the members of our senior management team, including Rajeev Varman, our Chief Executive Officer, and other key personnel. We compete with other QSR brands for senior management personnel in the food services industry, and we may not be able to retain our existing senior management personnel, attract senior management personnel of similar capabilities or retain new senior management personnel that join our Company in the future. We may lose the services of our senior management team or other key personnel for various reasons, including some of which are beyond our control, such as general economic conditions, wage inflation and other increases in employee benefit expense, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_32. The QSR industry in India is competitive, and our business and financial results may be adversely affected by actions of our competitors and our failure to respond to competitive pressures._** 

The QSR industry in India is competitive. We compete primarily with international QSR chains operating in India, such as McDonalds, KFC, Domino’s Pizza, Subway and Pizza Hut, as well as local restaurants in the QSR segment. We generally compete on the basis of product and service quality, price and location, and the industry is often also affected by changes in consumer tastes, economic conditions, demographic trends and consumer disposable income. These international QSR chains have been introducing food products that cater to India specific palate while maintaining their core offerings; for example, Domino's now offers wraps and KFC offers rice bowls in India. Our ability to compete depends on our ability to develop and launch new products, effectively market and advertise our products and respond to and appeal to consumer preferences, including with respect to the value, variety and quality of our products. For example, Burger King now offers Boss WHOPPER® and Masala WHOPPER® and rice bowls, which are designed specifically for the customers in India. In addition, our existing or future competitors may offer products that are better priced or more appealing to consumer tastes or have more effective marketing and advertising programs than we do. If as a result of these or other reasons we are unable to maintain our competitive position, we could experience downward pressure on prices, lower demand for our products, reduced margins, the inability to take advantage of new business opportunities and the loss of market share, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_33. Our business may be adversely affected by changes in general macroeconomic and demographic factors in India._** 

Our business results depend on a number of general macroeconomic and demographic factors in India which are beyond our control. In particular, our revenue and profitability are strongly correlated to consumer discretionary 

36 

spending, which is influenced by general economic conditions, unemployment levels, the availability of discretionary income and consumer confidence, particularly in the cities and communities where our restaurants are located. Recessionary economic cycles, a protracted economic slowdown, a worsening economy, increased unemployment, increased food prices, increased energy prices, rising interest rates or other industry-wide cost pressures could also affect consumer behaviour and spending for restaurant dining occasions and lead to a decline in our sales and earnings. In particular, the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic has led to an economic downturn and a decrease in consumer discretionary spending in India and globally. India's GDP real growth rate declined to 4% in Fiscal 2020 and is estimated to decline to -10.3% in Fiscal 2021 due to the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, which led to the imposition of lockdown restrictions beginning in the last quarter of Fiscal 2020 that are expected to continue through the first quarter of Fiscal 2021, causing a contraction in the economy. It is estimated that India's GDP growth rate will resume to its pre-COVID-19 level by Fiscal 2022. (Source: Technopak) 

In addition, increases in petrol, diesel, natural gas, electricity and other energy costs, and increases in borrowing costs with rising interest rates, could also result in our customers having lower disposable income and reduce the frequency with which they dine out or spend on each dining out occasion. Any significant decrease in our customer footfalls or average ticket price as a result of these or other factors could negatively impact our financial performance. Demographic factors, such as population concentrations in key metropolitan areas and cities where our restaurants are located, could also impact our brand awareness and customer footfalls in our restaurants. The QSR segment of the restaurant industry may also be affected by industry-specific developments, such as changes in trends relating to growing infrastructure spending and investment in retail space that result from changes in national, regional and local economic conditions. In addition, the government is expected to impose heightened measures in relation to sanitization spaces, dining facilities, delivery services and other related areas following the COVID-19 pandemic, and market participants in the restaurant industry, including the QSR brands, are likely to incur higher operating costs to ensure compliance with any such measures in the future. Any adverse developments in relation to the QSR industry in India as a result of these or other factors could also adversely impact our future growth prospects. 

Unfavourable changes in the above factors or in other business and economic conditions affecting our customers could increase our costs, reduce customer footfalls in some or all of our restaurants or decrease average ticket prices or impose practical limits on the pricing of our products, any of which could lower our profit margins and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_34. Increases in labour costs in India or our failure to attract, motivate and retain qualified managers could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

As at September 30, 2020, we had 4,836 employees, which decreased from 6,141 as of March 31, 2020 as a result of attrition resulting from certain employees (especially restaurant staff) returning to and remaining in their hometowns as a result of the COVID-19 crisis. Of our 4,836 employees as at September 30, 2020, 4,681 were employed at the restaurant level, including 856 restaurant managers and 3,825 other restaurant employees, and 155 were employed in operations, supply chain functions and as part of our central support functions, including finance, human resources and administration. Notwithstanding this recent decrease in the number of employees, we remain a labour intensive business, and our success depends in part on our ability to manage our labour costs and its impact on our margins. In this respect, we have to continuously monitor the productivity levels of our employees. Our employee benefits expense accounted for 14.95%, 14.19% and 14.85% of our total expenses for Fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively, and 15.88% and 19.26% of our total expenses for the six months ended September 30, 2019 and September 30, 2020, respectively. The increase in the employee benefits expenses as a proportion of total expenses in the six months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the six months ended September 30, 2019 was primarily due to the impact of COVID19 and the decrease in revenue during the six months ended September 30, 2020. In addition, the salaries and wages of our restaurant employees are subject to wage inflation and other macroeconomic factors, as well as government regulation, that can cause salaries and wages of our employees to increase. In addition, the benefits of our employees are regulated by government laws and regulations, which can change from time to time. The GoI and state governments have increased the minimum wage on a number of occasions in the past and may do so again. As our restaurant network continues to expand, an increasing number of individuals will be employed by our restaurants. Our employee benefits expenses have increased in the past due to increases in minimum wage requirements. Any organizational changes, including changes in salaries and wages and other employee benefits that are, or are perceived to be negative, could result in an increased attrition rate. Any further increase in minimum wage requirements or changes in labour regulations in India having a similar impact would increase our labor costs, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and profitability. In addition, the Indian Parliament has recently approved the Code on Social Security, 2020 (the “ **Code on Social Security** ”) which would impact the contributions we make towards provident fund and gratuity. The effective date from which the changes are applicable is yet to be notified and the rules are yet to be finalized, but the Company will carry out an evaluation of the impact of the Code on Social Security and record the same in our financial statements in the period in which the Code of Social Security becomes effective and the related rules are published. 

37 

Furthermore, we must continue to attract, motivate and retain qualified managers with the qualifications to succeed in our industry and the motivation to engage with our people-centric operating culture, which we view as a principle component of our ability to enhance customer experience at our restaurants. In addition, our success also depends on the skills of our employees and the effectiveness of our training programs to ensure maintenance of quality and uniformity of our service. While we have not yet experienced significant labour shortages and have continuously recruited new staff, we cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to retain or hire an adequate workforce, at the appropriate times, or that our staff may not be recruited by any of our competitors, which in turn may delay openings of our new restaurants or result in lower quality service in existing restaurants, adversely impacting customer experience which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, if we are unable to continue to recruit and retain sufficiently qualified managers who can motivate our employees to sustain high service levels, our business and our growth could be adversely affected. A delay in recruiting or the inability to retain qualified managers may also delay the planned openings of new restaurants or result in high employee turnover in existing restaurants, which could harm our business operations. 

# **_35. Our inability or failure to recognise, respond to and effectively manage the accelerated impact of social media could materially adversely affect our business._** 

In recent years, there has been a marked increase in the use of social media platforms in India, including blogs, social media websites and applications, and other forms of Internet-based communications which allow individuals access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons. Many social media platforms immediately publish the content for their subscribers and participants post, often without filters or checks on accuracy of the content posted. The dissemination of inaccurate information online could harm our business, reputation, prospects, financial condition and operating results, regardless of the information’s accuracy. The damage may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. Other risks associated with the use of social media include improper disclosure of proprietary information, negative comments about our brands, exposure of personally identifiable information, fraud, hoaxes or malicious exposure of false information. The inappropriate use of social media by our customers or employees or suppliers or other third parties could increase our costs, lead to litigation or result in negative publicity that could damage our reputation and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_36. Information technology system failures or interruptions or breaches of our network security may interrupt our operations or cause customer personal data to be lost, which would adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We use computer systems and network infrastructure in our interactions with our customers and across our operations, including in the operations of our restaurants, our supply chain and in the management of our business. For example, we equip all of our restaurants with a centrally controlled digital menu board, self-ordering kiosks and handheld POS systems; use POS cash register software system to record all sales transactions at our restaurants and verify sales data; and use information technology to manage our business and measure and monitor key metrics for operational performance, sales and profitability. As a result, the robustness and efficiency of such systems and network infrastructure are critical to our business. However, all of our technology systems are vulnerable to damage, disability or failures due to physical theft, fire, power loss, telecommunications failure or other catastrophic events, as well as from internal and external security breaches, denial of service attacks, viruses, worms and other disruptive problems caused by hackers. If our technology systems were to fail, and we were unable to recover data or information in a timely way, we could experience an interruption in our operations which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition, as a result of the COVID-19 crisis, we are seeing increased usage of the new version of the BK mobile app, and any technological failures in relation to our BK mobile app could have an increasingly larger impact on our business. Due to GoI restrictions, we have also had a number of employees working remotely from home from different locations, which has increased our dependence on technology to run our business, as well as our exposure to related cybersecurity risks. Further, we have integrated our customer platforms with our delivery aggregators, payment gateways and wallets and utilise an integrated planning and invoicing system with our third-party distributor for purposes of planning, invoicing and automated inventory replenishment. System defects, failures, unauthorised entries or cybersecurity breaches that are caused by our third party delivery aggregators or our third-party distributor, or any of their respective employees, could cause our technology systems to fail or result in breaches of security, which would result in additional costs, diversion of technical resources and losses of customers and sales. In addition, we are exposed to the risk that the personal data we control could be wrongfully processed, accessed, damaged, distributed or used, whether by our employees (intentionally or not) or third parties, or otherwise lost or disclosed in breach of data protection regulations. Any such events could result in negative publicity, harm our business and reputation and expose us to litigation claims, losses relating to fraudulent behaviour and other liabilities, which would adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

38 

# **_37. If we are unable to protect our credit card or debit card data or any data related to any other electronic mode of payment, or any other personal information that we collect, our reputation could be significantly harmed._** 

The use of electronic payment methods and collection of other personal information exposes us to an increased risk of privacy and security breaches as well as other risks. We have experienced security breaches in which payment related data and personal information is stolen in the past and can make no assurance that this will not happen in the future. For example, our Company received a notice demanding payment for compensation on account of alleged credit card cloning by a former employee of our Company. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” beginning on page 287. Although we use secure private networks to transmit confidential information, third parties may have the technology or know-how to breach the security of the customer information transmitted in connection with credit and debit card sales, and our security measures and those of technology suppliers may not effectively prohibit others from obtaining improper access to this information. If a person is able to circumvent our security measures or otherwise gain access to the confidential information that we collect, they may be able to destroy or steal valuable information or otherwise disrupt our operations. We may become subject to claims for purportedly fraudulent transactions arising out of the actual or alleged theft of credit or debit card information or other confidential information, and we may also be subject to lawsuits or other proceedings relating to these types of incidents. Any such claim or proceeding could cause us to incur significant unplanned expenses, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, adverse publicity resulting from these allegations could significantly harm our reputation and may have a material adverse effect on us and our restaurants. 

Moreover, we receive and process certain personal financial and other information about our customers and employees when we accept credit cards for payment. While we do not store restaurant customers’ credit and debit card payment information, the use and handling of this information is regulated by evolving and increasingly demanding laws and regulations. If our security and information systems are compromised as a result of data corruption or loss, cyberattack or a network security incident or our employees, sub-franchisees or suppliers fail to comply with these laws and regulations, and this information is obtained by unauthorised persons or used inappropriately, it could subject us to litigation and government enforcement actions, damage our reputation, cause us to incur substantial costs, liabilities and penalties and/or result in a loss of customer confidence, any and all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_38. If we are unable to comply with health, safety and environmental regulations, our business, results of operations and reputation could be adversely affected._** 

As a preparer of food products for human consumption, we are subject to health, safety and environmental laws and regulations, including regulations promulgated and enforced by local, national and international authorities. These directives, laws and regulations relate to water discharges, air emissions, waste management, noise pollution and workplace and product health and safety and the use of plastics, among others. Health, safety and environmental legislation in India and elsewhere has tended to become broader and stricter, and enforcement has tended to increase over time. For example, as a part of a national campaign to rid India plastic waste, in June 2019, the GoI announced its intention to eliminate single-use plastic by 2022. This required us to incur additional costs to adapt our operations and eliminate straws and lids from our products. Any failure to comply with health, safety and environmental requirements by us or sub-franchisees, including in obtaining and retaining applicable licenses and permits, may lead to fines and other sanctions and even restaurant closures, as well as damage our reputation. If health, safety and environmental laws and regulations in India change or are further strengthened in the future, the extent and timing of investments required to maintain compliance may differ from our internal planning and may limit the availability of funding for other investments. In addition, if the costs of compliance with health, safety and environmental laws and regulations continue to increase and it is not possible for us to reflect these additional costs in the price of our products, our profitability could be adversely affected. 

# **_39. New banking requirements that have been implemented in India may inhibit our ability effectively manage or move our funds to satisfy our business needs._** 

The Reserve Bank of India published a release on November 2, 2020 to supplement its circular on August 6, 2020 revising existing instructions on opening current accounts by the banks. The revised instructions aim primarily to enhance management of exposure to the banking system through prohibiting the banks to open current accounts for customers who maintain cash credit/overdraft facility from the banking system, setting forth requirements for opening current accounts for customers who do not have cash credit/overdraft facility from any bank and imposing on the banks a duty to monitor all current accounts and cash credit/overdraft facilities regularly to ensure compliance with the revised instructions.  The release on November 2, 2020 refers to the requirement in the August 6, 2020 circular that the banks are to ensure compliance with the revised instructions by November 5, 2020, which elicited responses from the banks seeking clarifications on operational concerns regarding their existing current accounts.  The Reserve Bank of India is currently examining the responses and intend to provide clarifications through the publication of a FAQ release.  Pending the publication of the FAQ release, the Reserve Bank of India has extended the deadline for the banks to ensure compliance with the revised instructions for a month, which is now December 15, 2020.  Our Company 

39 

currently has an overdraft facility and may therefore be limited in its ability to open new current accounts or maintain existing current accounts with the banks under the reviewed instructions, which may in turn inhibit our ability to effectively manage or move our funds to satisfy our business needs, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_40. We have issued Equity Shares at prices that may be lower than the Offer Price in the last 12 months._** 

We have issued and allotted (i) 15,712,820 Equity Shares to AIL on a preferential allotment basis; (ii) 13,200,000 Equity Shares to our Promoter on May 23, 2020 pursuant to a rights issue; and (iii) converted certain CCPS to 11,111,111 Equity Shares on February 28, 2020 at a price which may be lower than the Offer Price, which may be at a price lower than the Offer Price. For further details, see “ _Capital Structure – Notes to the capital structure – Share capital history of our Company – Equity Share capital_ ” on page 64. 

# **_41. Any disruption in power supply to our restaurants or increase in power and fuel tariffs may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We have significant power requirements for continuous running of our operations and business. Our power and fuel costs as a percentage of our revenue from the sale of food and beverages was 8.65%, 7.51%, 8.42% in Fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively, and 8.54% and 14.21% the six months ended September 30, 2019 and September 30, 2020, respectively. In particular, our restaurants have significant electricity and fuel requirements and any interruption in power and fuel supply to our restaurants may disrupt our operations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We depend on third parties for all of our power and fuel requirements. Since we have significant power consumption, any unexpected or significant increase in our power tariffs could increase the operating costs of our restaurants. In certain of the regions in which we operate there are limited number of electricity providers, and in some instances only one, and to the extent there is a price increase, we do not expect to be able to find a cost-effective substitute, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_42. Our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of Net Proceeds are not appraised by any independent agency, which may affect our business and results of operations._** 

We intend to use the Net Proceeds for the purposes described in “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” beginning on page 75 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Our funding requirements are based on management estimates and our current business plans and has not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. The deployment of the Net Proceeds will be at the discretion of our Board. However, the deployment of the Net Proceeds and Offer related expenses will be monitored by a monitoring agency appointed pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations. We may have to reconsider our estimates or business plans due to changes in underlying factors, some of which are beyond our control, such as interest rate fluctuations, changes in input cost, inability to identify suitable location for our restaurants at favourable terms and other financial and operational factors. 

Accordingly, prospective investors in the Offer will need to rely upon our management’s judgment with respect to the use of proceeds. If we are unable to deploy the proceeds of the Offer in a timely or an efficient manner, it may affect our business and results of operations. 

# **_43. We have entered into, and may continue to enter into, related party transactions which may not always enable us to achieve the most favourable terms._** 

We have entered and may continue to enter into a number of related party transactions on an arm's length basis and also rely on our Promoter for certain key development and support activities. The table below sets out the related party transactions as per Ind AS 24 – Related Party Transactions and SEBI ICDR Regulations entered into in Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020 and for the six months ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2020: 

_<u>(in ₹ million)</u>_ 

|**Nature of Transaction**|**Six months ended Sep**|**tember 30,**||**Fiscal**||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2020**|**2019**|**2020**|**2019**|**2018**|
|Issue of equity shares to QSR<br>Asia Pte Ltd|580.80|-|-|-|-|
|Issue<br>of<br>8%<br>Compulsory<br>Convertible Preference Shares<br>to QSR Asia Pte Ltd|-|-|-|1,000.00|-|
|Rent received from Harry's<br>India Private Limited|-|0.25|0.51|1.63|2.48|
|Remuneration<br>to<br>key<br>management personnel|44.00|39.16|58.64|50.23|42.57|
|Directors'sitting fees|-|-|0.89|-|-|



40 

|**Nature of Transaction**|**Six months ended Sep**|**tember 30,**||**Fiscal**||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2020**|**2019**|**2020**|**2019**|**2018**|
|**Compensation**<br>**of**<br>**key**<br>**management personnel**||||||
|<br>Short-termemployee benefits|0.51|0.48|0.12|0.81|0.06|
|Post-employment gratuity|0.11|0.11|0.22|0.48|0.24|
|Share-based<br>payment<br>transactions|17.36|1.56|12.06|2.75|2.20|



For details of the related party transactions, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Related Party Transactions_ ” beginning on page 284. 

# **_44. If there are delays or cost overruns in utilisation of Net Proceeds, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

We intend to utilise the Net Proceeds of the Offer as set forth in “ _Objects of the Offer_ ”, including with respect to funding the roll out of new Company-owned Burger King Restaurants and general corporate purposes. 

The funding requirements mentioned as a part of the objects of the Offer are based on internal management estimates and have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. This is based on current conditions and is subject to change in light of changes in external circumstances, costs, other financial condition or business strategies. We are also yet to identify the exact location of our new restaurants or enter into agreements for purchase or lease of property for these restaurants and are yet to obtain necessary approvals that may be required. We have also not placed any orders for purchase of fit outs and constructions related items for the restaurants we plan to set-up. We have relied on past expenditure in setting up restaurants for the purposes of estimating utilisation of the Net Proceeds in the future. As a consequence of any increased costs, our actual deployment of funds may be higher than our management estimates and may cause an additional burden on our finance plans, as a result of which, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely impacted. 

Furthermore, we may need to vary the objects of the Offer due to several factors or circumstances including competitive and dynamic market conditions, variation in cost structures, changes in estimates due to cost overruns or delays, which may be beyond our control. Pursuant to Section 27 of the Companies Act, 2013, any variation in the objects of the Offer would require a special resolution of our Shareholders. If our Shareholders do not agree to such variation our share price may be adversely affected. 

# **_45. The insurance policies we maintain may be insufficient to cover future costs and losses the incurrence or magnitude of which are unforeseen or unpredictable and could result in an adverse effect on our business operations, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We maintain insurance which we believe is typical in our industry in India and in amounts which we believe to be commercially appropriate for a variety of risks. However, such insurance may not be adequate to cover all losses or liabilities that may arise from our operations, particularly when the loss suffered is not easily quantifiable. Our insurance policies contain exclusions and limitations on coverage, as a result of which, we may not be able to successfully assert our claims for any liability or loss under the said insurance policies. Additionally, there may be various other risks and losses for which we are not insured because such risks are either uninsurable or not insurable on commercially acceptable terms. As an example, while our Company has obtained a self-funded insurance policy to cover hospitalization expenses and virus detection and quarantine allowances arising from COVID-19 for frontline employees, we do not have a specific insurance policy to cover losses or liabilities to its business arising from the COVID-19 crisis. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that in the future we will be able to maintain insurance of the types or at levels which we deem necessary or adequate or at premiums which we deem to be commercially acceptable. The occurrence of an event for which we are not insured, where the loss is in excess of insured limits occurs or where we are unable to successfully assert insurance claims from losses, could result in uninsured liabilities. Further, despite such uninsured losses we may remain obligated for any financial indebtedness or other obligations related to our business. Any such uninsured losses or liabilities could result in an adverse effect on our business operations, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_46. We may be unable to accurately forecast demand for our products, which could have a material adverse impact on our brand, profit margins and results of operations._** 

The supply of ingredients and packaging materials for our food products is based primarily on forecasts and requirements prepared directly by our restaurant managers on a restaurant by restaurant basis. These forecasts are based on past sales as well as anticipated demand, which is based to a certain extent on the subjective assessment of the restaurant managers. We also provide our third-party distributor with periodic forecasting schedules as part of our distribution and supply agreements with them. We do have the ability to distribute any excess supply to nearby 

41 

restaurants but an inability to accurately forecast demand for our food products could lead to excess supply or a shortage in the supply of ingredients and packaging materials from our third-party distributor, approved suppliers of our third-party distributor or our suppliers, which would have a material adverse impact on our brand, profit margins and results of operations. In addition, if we are unable to accurately forecast demand on a daily basis at restaurant level, this might lead to wastage since many of our products are perishable, which may result in an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. This could also occur as a result of unexpected events, such as the COVID-19 crisis. The reduction in level of business activity due to COVID-19 pandemic led to write offs of food inventory and related commitments of the amount ₹43.45 million in Fiscal 2020 and ₹21.30 million in the six months ended September 30, 2020, since our inventory includes food items which are perishable and exceptional in nature. 

# **_47. Our Promoter or Directors may enter into ventures that may lead to real or potential conflicts of interest with our business._** 

Our Promoter or Directors may become involved in ventures that may potentially compete with our Company, subject to the provisions and disclosure requirements provided under the code of conduct for board of directors and senior management personnel, the Companies Act and the Listing Regulations. The interests of our Promoter and Directors may conflict with the interests of our other Shareholders and our Promoter or Directors may, for business considerations or otherwise, cause our Company to take actions, or refrain from taking actions, in order to benefit themselves instead of our Company’s interests or the interests of its other Shareholders and which may be harmful to our Company’s interests or the interests of our other Shareholders, which may materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_48. We will continue to be controlled by our Promoter after completion of the Offer._** 

As at the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoter holds an aggregate of 94.34% of our outstanding Equity Shares. After the completion of the Offer, our Promoter will continue to hold a significant portion of our issued, subscribed and paid up Equity Shares, which will allow them to control the outcome of the matters submitted to our Shareholders for approval. Our Promoter will have the ability to exercise control over us and certain matters which include appointment of its nominee Directors and a Board observer, representation on committees appointment of CEO, subject to receiving shareholders’ approval post listing. The extent of their shareholding in us may also delay, prevent or deter a change in control, even if such a transaction is beneficial to our other shareholders. It may deprive our other shareholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their Equity Shares as part of a sale of our Company and may reduce the price of our Equity Shares. The interests of our Promoter as our controlling shareholder could also conflict with our interest or the interests of our other shareholders. We cannot assure you that our Promoter will act to resolve any conflicts of interest in our favour, and they may take actions that are not in our best interest or that of our other shareholders. These actions may be taken even if they are opposed by our other Shareholders, including those who have purchased Equity Shares in this Offer. See “ _Our Promoter and Promoter Group_ ” on page 152 for more information. 

# **_49. Our Group Company had incurred losses in certain of the preceding three Fiscals._** 

Our Group Company had incurred losses in certain of the preceding three Fiscals as set forth in the table below. For details, see “ _Our Group Company_ ” on page 292 of the Red Herring Prospectus. There can be no assurance that our Group Company will not incur losses or have negative net worth in the future. 

|**_Name of the company_**|**_(amoun_**<br>**_2020_**|**_Profit/(loss) for Fiscal_**<br>**_t in ₹ million unless stated ot_**<br>**_2019_**|**_herwise)_**<br>**_2018_**|
|---|---|---|---|
|_Harry’s India Private Limited_|_(68.63)_|_(9.94)_|_(31.83)_|



# **_50. Our Company will not receive the entire proceeds from the Offer. Our Promoter is selling Equity Shares in the Offer and will receive proceeds as part of the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer includes an offer for sale of 60,000,000 Equity Shares by the Promoter Selling Shareholder. The proceeds from the Offer will be paid to the Promoter Selling Shareholder, in proportion of the respective portion of the offered shares transferred pursuant to the Offer, and we will not receive any such proceeds. For further details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” and “ _Capital Structure_ ” beginning on pages 75 and 64, respectively. 

# **_51. Any future downgrade in our credit ratings may increase interest rates for our future borrowings, which would increase our cost of borrowings, and adversely affect our ability to borrow on a competitive basis._** 

On May 29, 2020, we obtained from ICRA Limited: (a) a reaffirmed long term credit rating of “ICRA BBB+” (pronounced as ICRA triple B plus) with a negative outlook due to the impact of COVID-19 (revised from a stable outlook in a prior credit rating from ICRA Limited on 5 December 2019) which included our sanctioned term loan for the amount of ₹2,100 million; (b) a long term credit rating of “ICRA BBB+” (pronounced as ICRA triple B plus) with 

42 

a negative outlook which included our bank overdraft for the amount of ₹200 million; and (c) a short term credit rating of “ICRA A2” which included a bank guarantee of ₹100 million. We did not receive a credit rating during Fiscal Years 2018 and 2019;  however, to the extent this credit rating or any credit ratings we receive on any of our future borrowings are downgraded in the future, interest rates for refinancing our borrowings may increase, which would increase our cost of borrowings, and may have an adverse effect on our future issuances of debt and our ability to borrow on a competitive basis. Further, any downgrade in our credit ratings may also trigger an event of default or acceleration of repayment of certain of our borrowings. If any of these risks materialise, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

# **_52. A slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer._** 

Our performance and the growth of our business are necessarily dependent on the health of the overall Indian economy. As a result, a slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect our business. India’s economy could be adversely affected by a general rise in interest rates, inflation, natural calamities, such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods and drought, increases in commodity and energy prices, and protectionist efforts in other countries or various other factors. In particular, as a result of the COVID-19 crisis, the Indian economy has experienced a significant slowdown, which is expected to have prolonged effect, as India's GDP real growth rate declined to 4% in Fiscal 2020 and is estimated to decline to -10.3% in Fiscal 2021, primarily due to the imposition of lockdown restrictions beginning in the last quarter of Fiscal 2020 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic that are expected to continue through the first quarter of Fiscal 2021, causing a contraction in the economy. It is estimated that India's GDP growth rate will resume to its pre-COVID-19 level by Fiscal 2022. In addition, in periods prior to Fiscal Year 2016, India experienced a slowdown in economic growth due to a variety of factors, including unsustainably high current account deficit, capital outflows and consequent exchange rate pressures. Despite the recent signs of an economic turnaround in the Indian economy, there is no assurance that growth will not slow down again or that inflation will not increase further in the future. It is difficult to gauge the impact of these fundamental economic changes on our business. Any slowdown in the Indian economy or future volatility in global commodity prices could adversely affect our business. 

# **_53. Our results can be adversely affected by other future unforeseen events, such as adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, terrorist attacks or threats, future epidemics or pandemics or other catastrophic events._** 

Unforeseen events, such as adverse epidemics, pandemics, weather conditions, natural disasters, threatened or actual armed conflicts, terrorist attacks, efforts to combat terrorism or other catastrophic events can adversely impact restaurant by reducing the numbers of customers that eat out or order food through delivery, either in the affected area or more broadly, as well as causing damage to or the closure of restaurants and delays or interruptions in the delivery of food or other supplies to our restaurants. Because a significant portion of our restaurant operating costs are fixed or semi-fixed in nature, the loss of sales during period in which we may be affected by these events can reduce our revenue, reduce our and our franchisees' operating margins and can result in restaurant operating losses and our loss of royalties. We cannot predict the affect any such events will have on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, future operations and performance; however they could be material. 

# **_54. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of corporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. Any significant changes in laws, regulations and rules, including relevant food safety regulations, laws or regulatory environment, fire laws, trade laws, licensing and permit requirements relating to our restaurants and operations prescribed under the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006 and the rules made thereunder, might materially impact the Company’s operations and financials. For further details about laws governing our business, please see “ _Key Regulations and Policies in India_ ” on page 145. 

For instance, the General Anti-Avoidance Rules (“ **GAAR** ”) became effective from April 1, 2017. While the intent of this legislation is to prevent business arrangements that are set up with the intent to avoid tax incidence under the Income Tax Act 1961, certain exemptions have been notified, viz., (i) arrangements where the tax benefit to all parties under an arrangement is less than ₹ 30.00 million, (ii) where Foreign Institutional Investors (“ **FIIs** ”) have not taken benefit of a double tax avoidance tax treaty under Section 90 or 90A of the Income Tax Act, 1961 and have invested in listed or unlisted securities with SEBI approval and (iii) where a non-resident has made an investment, either direct or indirect, by way of an offshore derivative instrument in an FII. Further, investments made up to March 31, 2017 shall not be subject to GAAR provided that GAAR may apply to any business arrangement pursuant to which tax benefit is obtained on or after April 1, 2017, irrespective of the date on which such arrangement was entered into.Further, while no law, regulation or policy has been adopted as on date, the Government of India in July 2018, published the Personal Data Protection Bill, 2018, which provides for a framework for protection of personal data and 

43 

seeks to, among others, lay down norms for cross-border transfer of personal data, define the scope of the definition of personal data and ensure the accountability of entities processing personal data. Any such laws, if they come into force, could impose restrictions on our operations and increase our compliance costs. 

The Finance Act, 2020 (the “ **Finance Act** ”) which came into effect on July 1, 2020, has made various amendments. The Finance Act stipulates the sale, transfer and issue of securities through exchanges, depositories or otherwise to be charged with stamp duty. The Finance Act has also clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. 

Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

# **_55. Significant differences exist between Ind AS, Indian GAAP, U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which may be material to investors’ assessments of our financial condition._** 

Our restated summary statements of assets and liabilities as at September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2019 and March 31, 2020, March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 and the restated statements of profit and loss (including other comprehensive income), cash flows and changes in equity for the six months periods ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2019 and for the year ended March 31, 2020, March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 of the Company together with the summary statement of significant accounting policies, and other explanatory information thereon, have been derived from audited interim financial statements as at and for the six months periods ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2019 prepared in accordance with Ind AS 34 – “Interim Financial Reporting” and our audited financial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2020, March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 prepared in accordance with the Ind AS, read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 and restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note on “Reports in Company Prospectuses (Revised 2019)” issued by ICAI. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP or IFRS. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the Restated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited. 

# **_56. It may not be possible for you to enforce any judgment obtained outside India, including in the United States, against our Company or any of our directors and officers that are resident in India, except by way of a suit in India on such judgment._** 

We are incorporated under the laws of India and certain of our Directors and executive officers reside in India. Furthermore, all of our Company’s assets are located in India. As a result, you may be unable to: 

- effect service of process in jurisdictions outside India, including in the United States, upon our Company; or 

- enforce in Indian courts judgments obtained in courts of jurisdictions outside India against our Company, including judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of jurisdictions outside India. 

Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13 and Section 44A of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908. India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with only a limited number of jurisdictions, such as the United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong. In order to be enforceable, a judgment from a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the Indian Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 (“ **CPC** ”). The CPC only permits the enforcement and execution of monetary decrees in the reciprocating jurisdiction, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any 

44 

court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. 

The party in whose favour a final foreign judgment in a non-reciprocating territory is rendered may bring a fresh suit in a competent court in India based on the final judgment within three years of obtaining such final judgment. However, it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or inconsistent with Indian public policy. 

# **_57. Government regulation of foreign ownership of Indian securities may have an adverse effect on the price of the Equity Shares._** 

Foreign ownership of Indian securities is subject to GoI regulation. In accordance with foreign exchange regulations currently in effect in India, under certain circumstances the RBI must approve the sale of the Equity Shares from a non-resident of India to a resident of India or vice-versa if the sale does not meet certain requirements specified by the RBI. Additionally, any person who seeks to convert the Rupee proceeds from any such sale into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India is required to obtain a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. As provided in the foreign exchange controls currently in effect in India, the RBI has provided that the price at which the Equity Shares are transferred be calculated in accordance with internationally accepted pricing methodology for the valuation of shares at an arm’s length basis, and a higher (or lower, as applicable) price per share may not be permitted. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other government agency can be obtained on terms favourable to a non-resident investor in a timely manner or at all. Because of possible delays in obtaining requisite approvals, investors in the Equity Shares may be prevented from realising gains during periods of price increase or limiting losses during periods of price decline. 

# **_58. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and economy is influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including, but not limited to, the conditions in the United States, Europe and certain economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia and elsewhere in the world in recent years, as well as in connection with the COVID-19 crisis, has affected the Indian economy. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and its business. 

Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby impact the Indian economy. Financial disruptions in the future could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

The global credit and equity markets have experienced substantial dislocations, liquidity disruptions and market corrections. In Europe, the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union, and any prolonged period of uncertainty which results, could have a significant negative impact on international markets. These could include further falls in stock exchange indices and/or greater volatility of markets in general due to the increased uncertainty. These and other related events could have a significant impact on the global credit and financial markets as a whole, and could result in reduced liquidity, greater volatility, widening of credit spreads and a lack of price transparency in the global credit and financial markets. 

There are also concerns that a tightening of monetary policy in emerging markets and some developed markets will lead to a moderation in global growth. In particular, there are rising concerns of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy, and China is one of India’s major trading partners. Such factors might also result in a slowdown in India’s export growth momentum. 

In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, have implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term impact of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have had the intended stabilising effects. Any significant financial disruption in the future could have an adverse effect on our cost of funding, loan portfolio, business, future financial performance and the trading price of the Equity Shares. Adverse economic developments overseas in countries where we have operations could have a material adverse impact on us and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_59. Any downgrading of India’s debt rating by an international rating agency could have a negative impact on our business._** 

India’s sovereign debt rating could be downgraded due to various factors, including changes in tax or fiscal policy or decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves, which are outside our control. For example, India’s credit rating has recently been reduced to Baa3 with a negative outlook by Moody’s. On June 18, 2020, Fitch Ratings downgraded the 

45 

outlook on India’s long-term foreign currency Issuer Default Rating to “negative” from “stable” and affirmed the rating at BBB-. Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by domestic or international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise financing, and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing may be available. This could have an adverse effect on our business and future financial performance, our ability to obtain financing for capital expenditures and the trading price of our Equity Shares. 

# **_60._** 

# **_You may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on sale of Equity Shares. The Finance Act, 2018 levied taxes on such long term capital gains exceeding ₹100,000 arising from sale of Equity Shares on or after April 1, 2018, while continuing to exempt the unrealised capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on such Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Previously, any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares on or before March 31, 2018 on a stock exchange held for more than 12 months was not subject to long term capital gains tax in India if Securities Transaction Tax (“ **STT** ”) was paid on the sale transaction and additionally, as stipulated by the Finance Act, 2017, STT had been paid at the time of acquisition of such equity shares on or after October 1, 2004, except in the case of such acquisitions of Equity Shares which are not subject to STT, as notified by the Central Government under notification no. 43/2017/F. No. 370142/09/2017-TPL on June 5, 2017. However, the Finance Act, 2018, now seeks to tax on such long term capital gains exceeding ₹ 100,000 arising from sale of equity shares on or after April 1, 2018, while continuing to exempt the unrealised capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on such Equity Shares. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of STT, on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. 

Further, any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

# **_61. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Our Articles of Association, composition of our Board, Indian laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive and wide-spread as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

# **_62. We may be affected by competition law in India and any adverse application or interpretation of the Competition Act could in turn adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, as amended (the “ **Competition Act** ”), regulates practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India. Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition is considered void and may result in the imposition of substantial monetary penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or provision of services, shares the market or source of production or provision of services in any manner by way of allocation of geographical area, type of goods or services or number of customers in the relevant market or in any other similar way or directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. If it is proved that the contravention committed by a company took place with the consent or connivance or is attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other officer of such company, that person shall be also guilty of the contravention and may be punished. 

On March 4, 2011, the GoI issued and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to and pre-approved by the Competition Commission of India (the “ **CCI** ”). Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued the Competition Commission of India (Procedure in regard to the transaction of business relating to combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. The Competition Act aims to, among other things, prohibit all agreements and 

46 

transactions, which may have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. Further, the CCI has extraterritorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. 

The applicability or interpretation of the Competition Act to any merger, amalgamation or acquisition proposed or undertaken by us, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by CCI for alleged violation of provisions of the Competition Act may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operation. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain approval for any future acquisitions on satisfactory terms, or at all. If we are affected directly or indirectly by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act or any proceedings initiated by the CCI or any other relevant authority (or any other claim by any other party under the Competition Act) or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution under the Competition Act, including by way of financial penalties, our reputation may also be materially and adversely affected. 

# **_63. Third party industry and statistical information in this Red Herring Prospectus may be incomplete or unreliable._** 

Neither we, nor any other person connected with the Issue, have independently verified data obtained from industry publications and other sources referred to in this Red Herring Prospectus such as the Technopak Report, and therefore, while we believe them to be true, there can be no assurance that they are complete or reliable. Such data may also be produced on different bases from those used in the industry publications we have referenced. Therefore, discussions of matters relating to India, its economy and the housing finance industry are subject to the caveat that the third party and statistical data upon which such discussions are based may be incomplete or unreliable. In addition, internal company reports may be based on a number of variables and have not been verified by independent sources and may be incomplete or unreliable. Prospective investors are advised not to unduly rely on the data derived from the Technopak Report when making their investment decision. For further details, see “ _Industry Overview_ ” on page 91. 

# **RISKS RELATED TO OUR EQUITY SHARES** 

# **_64. Your percentage of ownership may be diluted in the future._** 

We may be required to finance our growth through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by our Company, including a primary offering, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in the Company. Any future issuances of Equity Shares (including under the ESOS 2015) or the disposal of Equity Shares by our Promoter or any of our other principal shareholders or the perception that such issuance or sales may occur, including to comply with the minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of the Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that the shareholders will not dispose of the Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of your investment in the Equity Shares. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales may occur may also affect the market price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_65. We will incur increased costs as a result of becoming a listed public company._** 

As a listed public company, we will incur legal, accounting, insurance and other expenses that we have not incurred as a private company, including costs associated with public company reporting requirements. We expect that rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly, although we are currently unable to estimate these costs with any degree of certainty. Laws and regulations could also make it more difficult or costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and officer liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. Laws and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as our senior management. Furthermore, if we are unable to satisfy our obligations as a public company, we could be subject to delisting, fines, sanctions and other regulatory action and potentially civil litigation. 

# **_66. We cannot be certain that an active trading market for the Equity Shares will develop or be sustained after this offering, and, following the offering, the price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate significantly, which could cause you to suffer substantial losses._** 

We cannot guarantee that an active trading market will develop or be sustained after the offering. Nor can we predict the prices at which the Equity Shares may trade after the offering. 

Our initial public offering price will be determined through negotiation between us and the underwriters and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after this offering. If you purchase the Equity Shares in our initial public offering, you may not be able to resell them at or above the initial public offering price. We cannot assure you that the initial public offering price of the Equity Shares, or the market price following our initial public offering, will equal or exceed prices in privately negotiated transactions of our shares that may have occurred from time to time 

47 

prior to our initial public offering. The market price of the Equity Shares may decline or fluctuate significantly due to a number of factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including: 

- developments with respect to the spread or worsening of the COVID-19 pandemic; 

- the impact of COVID-19 on our business operations and our ability to be able to service customers, and the consequential impact on our operating results; 

- actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 

- announcements about our earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations; 

- the public’s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements and filings with the regulator; 

- significant liability claims, health concerns, food contamination complaints from our customers, shortages or interruptions in the availability of food or other supplies, or reports of incidents of food tampering; 

- changes in senior management or key personnel; 

- macroeconomic conditions in India; 

- fluctuations of exchange rates; 

- the operating and stock price performance of comparable companies; 

- changes in our shareholder base; 

- changes in our dividend policy; 

- issuances, exchanges or sales, or expected issuances, exchanges or sales; 

- changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; and 

- changes in the regulatory and legal environment in which we operate; or 

- market conditions in the restaurant industry and the domestic and worldwide economies as a whole, including in relation to the COVID-19 crisis. 

Any of these factors may result in large and sudden changes in the volume and trading price of the Equity Shares. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, shareholders have often instituted securities class action litigation against that company. If we were involved in a class action suit, it could divert the attention of management, and, if adversely determined, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_67. Substantial future sales or perceived potential sales of the Equity Shares or other equity securities in the public market could cause the price of the Equity Shares to decline significantly._** 

Sales of the Equity Shares, ordinary shares or other equity securities in the public market after this offering, or the perception that these sales could occur, could cause the market price of the Equity Shares to decline significantly. Upon completion of this offering, we will have [●] ordinary shares outstanding, including ordinary shares represented by Equity Shares, assuming the underwriters do not exercise their option to purchase additional shares, of which [●] of our ordinary shares, representing [●]% of our outstanding ordinary shares immediately after this offering, will not be subject to lock-up agreements and may be freely deposited for delivery of Equity Shares after this offering from time to time. All Equity Shares representing our ordinary shares sold in this offering will be freely transferable by persons other than our “affiliates” without restriction or additional registration. The ordinary shares outstanding after this offering will be available for sale, upon the expiration of the lock-up periods described elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus beginning from the date of this Red Herring Prospectus (if applicable to such holder), subject to any applicable volume and other restrictions. Any or all of these shares may be released prior to the expiration of the applicable lock-up period at the discretion of one of the designated representatives. To the extent shares are released before the expiration of the applicable lock-up period and sold into the market, the market price of the Equity Shares could decline significantly. 

48 

# **_68. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon future earnings, financial conditions, cash flows, working capital requirements and capital expenditures._** 

Any dividends to be declared and paid in the future are required to be recommended by our Board and approved by our Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon our future results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, sufficient profitability, working capital requirements, capital expenditure requirements. We cannot assure you that we will generate sufficient revenues to cover our operating expenses and, as such, pay dividends to our Shareholders in the future consistent with our past practices, or at all. For details pertaining to dividend declared by us in the past, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” beginning on page 170. Our Company paid nil dividend in Fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020 and for the six months ended September 30, 2020. 

Under Indian laws, dividends may be paid out of profits earned during the year or out of accumulated profits earned by a company in previous years and transferred by it to its reserves (subject to certain conditions). Any accumulated profits that are not distributed in a given year are retained and may be available for distribution in subsequent years. 

# **_69. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution by our Company. 

However, if the laws of the jurisdiction the investors are located in do not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless our Company makes such a filing. If our Company elects not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise preemptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in our Company would be reduced. 

# **_70. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within six Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

49 

