# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks described below may not be exhaustive, or the only ones relevant to us, the Equity Shares or the industry segments in which we currently operate. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or which we currently deem to be immaterial, may arise or may become material in the future. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial implication of any of the risks mentioned below. If any or a combination of the following risks or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial actually occur, our business, cash flows, prospects, results of operations and financial condition could suffer, the trading price of the Equity Shares could decline and investors may lose all or part of their investment. Further, some events may be material collectively rather than individually._ 

_Prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview”, “Key Regulations and Policies in India”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments” on pages 132, 92, 155, 246 and 273, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus . In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examinations of us and the terms of the Offer, including the merits and the risks involved, and consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the consequences of investing in the Offer. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that we are subject to extensive regulatory environments that may differ significantly from one jurisdiction to another. This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements because of certain factors, including but not limited to the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further details, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 19._ 

_Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information used in this section is derived from our Restated Consolidated Financial Information. For further details, please see “Financial Statements” on page 193._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, the industry-related information contained in this section is derived from the F&S Report. We commissioned and paid for the F&S Report for the purposes of confirming our understanding of the industry and it has been prepared for the purpose of the Offer._ 

# **RISKS RELATING TO OUR COMPANY, SUBSIDIARIES, BUSINESS, AND INDUSTRY** 

**_1. The Offer Price, market capitalization to revenue multiple, and price to earnings ratio based on the Offer Price of our Company may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares upon listing or thereafter._** 

The consolidated revenue from operations for Financial Year 2021 and the six month period ended September 30, 2021 was `1,524.63 million and ₹ 1,000.27 million, respectively. The profit after tax of our Company for Financial Year 2021 and the six month period ended September 30, 2021 was `594.33 million and ₹467.66 million, respectively. The market capitalization to revenue (for Financial Year 2021) is [●] times and Price to Earnings Ratio (based on profit after tax for Financial Year 2021) is [●], at the upper end of the Price Band. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined on the basis of assessment of market demand for the Equity Shares offered through a book-building process, and certain quantitative and qualitative factors as set out in the “Basis for Offer Price” on page 87, and the Offer Price and such multiples and ratios may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares upon listing or thereafter. 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. 

There are no listed companies in India that engage in a business similar to that of our Company. Accordingly, any valuation exercise undertaken for the purposes of the Offer by our Company and the Selling Shareholders, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers, would not be based on a benchmark with our industry peers. The relevant financial parameters based on which the Price Band would be determined, shall be disclosed in the advertisement that would be issued for publication of the Price Band. 

The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, our competitors launching new products or superior products, COVID-19 related or similar situations, announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us, volatility in the securities markets in India and other jurisdictions, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

30 

# **_2. We are dependent on trends in the sectors where our enterprise customers operate._** 

Negative sentiments or downturn in global macroeconomic conditions or disruption in business activities can impact our customers, which in turn can impact our sales to our customers. Our revenue from operations can be significantly affected by a downturn trend or disruptions in the industries where our customers operate. We have particular exposure to cyclical trends in the industries in which our enterprise consumers operate, such as automotive industries, logistics, BFSI and FMCG. 

We derive our revenue primarily from two key markets, namely, consumer technology and enterprise digital transformation (“ **C&E** ”), and automotive and mobility technology (“ **A&M** ”). Set forth below is our revenue from operations from each of those markets, for the six month period ended September 30, 2021 and Financial Years 2021, 2020 and 2019: 

|**Customer**<br>**Markets**|**Six mo**<br>**ended Se**<br>|**nth period**<br>**ptember 30,**<br>**2021**|**Financia**|**l Year 2021**|**Financia**|**l Year 2020**|**Financia**|**l Year 2019**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Amount**<br>**(in ₹**<br>**million)**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of our**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**<br>**(%)**|**Amount**<br>**(in ₹**<br>**million)**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of our**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**<br>**(%)**|**Amount**<br>**(in ₹**<br>**million)**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of our**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**<br>**(%)**|**Amount**<br>**(in ₹**<br>**million)**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of our**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**<br>**(%)**|
|Consumer tech<br>and enterprise<br>digital<br>transformation|534.85|53.47|724.48|47.52|447.24|30.09|265.40|19.62|
|Automotive<br>and mobility<br>tech|465.42|46.53|800.15|52.48|1,039.05|69.91|1,087.15|80.38|
|**Total**|1,000.27|100.00|1,524.63|100.00|1,486.29|100|1,352.55|100.00|



We are dependent on the automotive industry for sales of digital maps and data, navigation and mobility solutions to vehicle manufacturers. During Financial Year 2021, our revenue from operations from our automotive and mobility technology (“ **A&M** ”) customers was ₹800.15 million, comprising 52.48% of our overall revenue from operations from our customers, and was 465.42 million, comprising 46.53% of our overall revenue from operations from our customers, for the six month period ended September 30, 2021. As a result of the recent financial crisis and staggered growth due to COVID-19 pandemic, motor vehicle manufacturers have experienced a challenging demand environment for vehicle production and sales. A continued significant decline in the sale of new vehicles manufactured by these manufacturers, or the loss or deterioration of our relationships with one or more of these manufacturers could result in decrease in demand for our products and solutions. Similarly, our customers in the FMCG and BFSI segment have seen slowdown due to the COVID-19 pandemic and resultant lockdowns and a decline in discretionary spending by the end users. 

The outlook for the industries in which some of our customers operate also depends to an extent on the nature and extent of government initiatives to counteract the macroeconomic downturn and stimulate economic activity. To the extent such initiatives may not involve investment in such industries, or other initiatives that would create demand for our products and services, our business may exhibit detrimental effects of the macroeconomic downturn. If economic growth and recovery in the sectors in which our customers operate does not take place over an extended period of time, our business, results of operations or financial condition may be adversely affected. 

# **_3. A part of our business is dependent on the performance of the automotive sector, including in our key market, India. Any adverse changes in the conditions affecting the sector can adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We design, engineer, manufacture and supply our map data, APIs, SDKs, and other solutions offerings for navigation, mobility and connected use cases to both electrified and non-electrified 2W, 4W, commercial and other vehicle segments both in the Indian and overseas markets. We are therefore exposed to fluctuations in the performance of the automotive markets, particularly in India. For example, according to the F&S Report, sale of passenger vehicles faced sharp fall in 2020 due to COVID-19 and the Indian passenger vehicle market was already going through a difficult phase in Fiscal 2021 as sales declined by 7.9% as compared to Fiscal 2020. 

31 

The automotive market in India may perform differently and be subject to market and regulatory developments that are dissimilar to the automotive markets in other parts of the world. We cannot assure you that the demand for our products in India will grow, or will not decrease, in the future. 

Further, our income from our automotive customers is cyclical because our sales are directly dependent on the level of automotive production and affected by inventory levels of automotive manufacturers, which has been characterized historically by significant periodic fluctuations in overall demand for vehicles resulting in corresponding fluctuations in demand for our products and services. The length and timing of any cycle in the automotive industry cannot be predicted with certainty. We cannot predict when manufacturers will decide to either build or reduce inventory levels or whether new inventory levels will exceed historical inventory levels. Production and sales of the vehicles for which we supply products are affected by, among other things, a variety of other factors that are beyond our control, including changes in consumer demand, changes in government policies and regulations, product mix shifts favoring other types of products or services, disruptions in the automotive manufacturing or supply chain, credit availability and cost of credit, interest rates and general economic and industry conditions. 

Reduced demand in the market segments we currently supply, deterioration in the automotive market, continued uncertainty and other unexpected fluctuations or change in regulations, customs, taxes or other barriers or restrictions adversely affecting the automotive market, particularly in India, and our inability to expand our revenue base from other sectors, may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_4. Our inability to maintain or update our map database or errors in our map database could harm our reputation or adversely affect our ability to sell our products and services._** 

Our map database requires constant maintenance and updating. We have procedures in place to regularly maintain and update our database and to ensure our data continues to meet the requirements of our customers and the ultimate end users. 

There is, however, no assurance that our procedures and programmes for maintaining and updating our digital map database will be sufficient to maintain the standard of quality expected by our customers. To create and update our map database, we compile large amounts of data from a wide variety of sources and process the data so collected. If this data is not made available to us at the requisite level of quality and quantity, it would adversely affect the cost and timeliness of the development, maintenance and updating of our database. We also rely on community feedback from existing users of our products to update and refresh our map databases. The quality of our products and the success of our business are dependent to some extent upon the availability and accuracy of the data that we acquire from these sources. The cost incurred by us towards data probes for traffic which we source from our third-party suppliers has been negligible during the last three Financial Years and the six month period ended September 30, 2021, amounting to `0.35 million for Financial Year 2020 and `0.62 million for Financial Year 2021 **_._** If our third-party suppliers were to significantly increase the prices they charge us for access to their map data, or if our community users stopped giving us accurate and timely updates in significant quantities, we would have to revert to traditional methods of updating the information for our map databases, which may be more costly and lengthen the time needed to update the map. 

If we are unable to provide accurate and updated map data and related services or if our map database becomes outdated, it could require us to expend significant costs and manpower and reduce our sales, which could result in an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

# **_5. We are dependent on the success of our research and development (“R&D”) and the failure to develop competitive new or improved products and services or process improvements or updated map data could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and have a negative impact on our competitive position._** 

Our business is characterized by rapid and frequent advancements in technology and changes in market demand can often render existing technologies and solutions obsolete and could require substantial new R&D and capital expenditures. Our future growth depends on our ability to continue to develop and commercialize innovative, viable and sustainable new geo-spatial software, APIs, SDKs and high definition maps and other solutions offerings in a timely and cost-effective manner, our existing systems and components, or to develop process improvements that can improve time, quality improve and cost efficiency. Our major R&D activities are carried out through one of our Subsidiaries, Vidteq (India) Private Limited (“ **Vidteq** ”). Our expenditure on R&D, primarily comprises of Vidteq’s employee expenses. Our expenditure on R&D activities for the six month period ended September 30, 2021 and the Financial Years 2021, 2020, and 2019 was `5.23 million, ₹7.60 million, ₹9.17 million, and ₹7.10 million, respectively. We have built our core platform based on open, flexible and agile architecture, however, the launch of a new offering is a complex process, the success of which depends on a wide range of factors, including readiness of our technology, datasets and processes and ability to provide the solutions required by our customers. While we aim to plan the development of our product portfolio based on known and anticipated customer needs, the development and commercialization of new products and services could be complex, time-consuming and costly, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Our inability to accurately estimate the cost to design, develop and launch new offerings could 

32 

result in our failure to effectively manage our customers’ expectations. If we are unable to bring enough offerings or services to market, or if offerings are brought to market after competing offerings are commercialized, our growth strategy may not be successful, and our business would be adversely affected. 

In addition, even where we successfully develop any such new or improved products and services in a timely manner based on established customer needs, there can be no assurance that the new or improved offering will be commercially successful and meet the price expectations of our customers. Further, if our competitors develop new processes or production techniques, or improve existing processes or production techniques that may give them significant cost and marketing advantages, we may be unable to retain our customers, which would adversely affect our revenues and profitability. We also cannot guarantee that any investment we make in developing products and services will be recouped, even if we are successful in commercializing those products, which in turn may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_6. Any inability to protect our intellectual property (“IP”) or any third-party claims in relation to infringement of intellectual property rights or in the future could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We rely on a wide portfolio of IP to operate our businesses. For details of our intellectual property, see “ _Our Business – Intellectual Property_ ” on page 152. We may not be able to effectively protect these against infringement or safeguard our IP in a cost-efficient manner. While we believe we have included adequate provisions in our existing arrangements with our employees, co-developers and third parties with whom we conduct business to confirm our ownership of IP and to limit access to, and disclosure and use of, our proprietary information, we cannot assure you these contractual arrangements and the other steps we have taken to protect our IP may not prevent the misappropriation of our proprietary information or deter independent development of similar digital mapping by others. 

Any unauthorised use of our IP by any third party or any attempt by a third party to pass-off products or services as ours or any third-party IP which may be misconstrued as ours, intentionally or unintentionally, may dilute the value of our content offerings and the IP in such offerings. Any legal action or litigation initiated by us for enforcement of our rights in such intellectual property may be time consuming and costly. 

We may also receive claims that we have infringed the intellectual property rights of third parties. Any such claims or litigation relating to our IP or IP that we have licensed, whether justified or not, could be time-consuming and costly, harm our reputation, require us to modify or discontinue our offerings, undertake rebranding or pay monetary amounts as damages or enter into royalty or licensing arrangements, which in such circumstances may not be available to us on commercially favourable terms or at all. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and result in disruptions to our business. We will not be able to protect our intellectual property if we are unable to enforce our rights or if we do not detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property. 

# **_7. The liberalization of the digital mapping industry may increase our competition and our inability to compete effectively resulting in the loss of customers and our market share._** 

The Department of Science and Technology of the Government of India (“DST”) has issued “Guidelines for acquiring and producing geospatial data and geospatial data services including Maps” dated February 15, 2021 (“DST Guidelines”). One of the most significant provisions under the DST Guidelines is that there is no requirement for any prior approval, license, clearance, or any other restriction on the collection, generation, preparation, storage, dissemination, publication, updating and/or digitization of Geospatial Data and Maps within the territory of India, unless specifically provided otherwise. While certain activities under the DST Guidelines are permitted only for persons and entities which are Indian owned or controlled, the liberalisation under the DST Guidelines may result in the entry of new players in the market and may increase the competition faced by our Company from both domestic and multinational corporations. Our failure to maintain and increase our existing market share or effectively compete with such new entrants could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We compete on the basis of suite and quality of offerings, reputation, pricing and relationships with customers. We may face pricing pressures from other companies, including multinational companies for few or most of our offerings. There can be no assurance that we will be able to mitigate these competitive pressures which may adversely affect our profitability. Additionally, some of our competitors in the digital mapping segment may have greater financial resources, technology, research and development capability, greater market penetration and operations in diversified geographies and product portfolios, which may allow our competitors to better respond to market trends. Accordingly, we may not be able to compete effectively with our competitors across our product portfolio, which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. Further, we may incur significant expense in preparing to meet anticipated customer requirements that we may not be able to recover or pass on to our customers. Increased competition may force us to improve our process, technical, product and service capabilities and/or lower our prices or result in loss of customers, which may adversely affect our profitability and market share. There is no assurance that we will remain competitive with respect to technology, quality, or cost. In 

33 

addition, our competitors may develop competing technologies that gain market acceptance before or instead of our products. Our competitors’ actions, including expansion of their operations to newer geographies or product segments in which we compete, or the entry of new competitors into one or more of our markets could cause us to lower prices in an effort to maintain our sales volume. 

# **_8. We depend on a limited number of customers for a significant portion of our revenues. The loss of our key customers or significant reduction in sales of, or demand for our products and services from our significant customers may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We depend on a limited number of customers for a significant portion of our revenues. The number of customers that accounted for 80% of our revenue from operations were 17, 22, 25 and 18 in Financial Years 2019, 2020 and 2021 and in the six month period ended September 30, 2021, respectively. As a result, the loss of even a single customer could have a significant impact on our financial results. It is difficult to forecast the success or sustainability of any strategies undertaken by any of our key customers in response to the current economic or industry environment. A sustained decline in the demand for products or services supplied by our customers could prompt them to cut their production volumes or services. In addition to decline in demand for existing products and services, insufficient demand for new products launched by our customers may also affect demand for our products and solutions from such customers. Further, the volume and timing of sales to our customers may vary due to variation in demand for our customers’ products, our customers’ attempts to manage their inventory, design changes, changes in their product mix, manufacturing strategy and growth strategy, and macroeconomic factors affecting the economy in general, and our customers in particular. 

Our growth depends on the growth of our key customers. If our key customers do not successfully enter into new growth segments, we may be prevented from capitalising on new growth opportunities. Since we are significantly dependent on certain key customers for a significant portion of our sales, the loss of any one or few of our key customers, a significant reduction in demand from such customers or the downturn in business of such customers could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may continue to remain dependent upon our key customers for a substantial portion of our revenues. In the event of our failure to retain our key customers or replace them with new customers, it may have an adverse effect on our financial performance and result of operations. 

In addition, as application developers and end-customers are also influenced by our APIs, SDKs and platform offerings, our business is also dependent on the relationships we share with the community of developers. Our relationship with our customers and developers is dependent to a large extent on our ability to regularly meet their requirements, including by introducing differentiated solutions with marketability, price competitiveness, efficient and timely embedding, and consistent quality. In the event we are unable to meet such requirements in the future, it may result in decrease in orders or cessation of business from affected customers or developers. In addition, failure to provide customers with efficient products and services may result in lesser sales of our products and services compared to the demand. There are also a number of factors relating to our customers and developers beyond our control that might result in the termination of our arrangement or the loss of a customer relationship, including change in preferences of our customers as well as a demand for price reductions. The attractiveness of our products and services to our customers and their willingness to partner with us depends upon, among other things: the variety and quality of service and product offerings, payment options offered to consumers; the strength of our brand and reputation; the amount of fees that we charge; our ability to sustain our value proposition to customers for consumer acquisition; the attractiveness to merchants of our technology and data-driven platform; our competitors’ offerings; and our customer satisfaction. While we typically enter into long-term contracts of three to five years’ duration with our customers, we cannot assure you that such contracts will not be terminated before term or renewed in the most favourable terms which may affect our margins. Further, the deterioration of the financial condition or business prospects of these customers could affect their ability to maintain the arrangements with us and thus reduce demand for our products and services and could result in a significant decline in the revenues we derive from such customers. Adverse changes in our relationships with our customers, or the inability to develop new products for existing customers or developers or to successfully establish relationships with new customers or developers, could therefore limit our business prospects, which could adversely affect our financial performance. If we fail to deliver products and solutions services to our customers in a timely manner, or if our customers fail to adhere to the terms of our arrangements, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

# **_9. Our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer comprises an Offer for Sale by the Selling Shareholders. Our Selling Shareholders will be entitled to the proceeds from the Offer for Sale (after deducting applicable Offer related expenses) and our Company will not receive any part of such proceeds. For further details, see “Objects of the Offer” on page 85. 

**_10. Our operations and growth strategies in the international markets are subject to risks and uncertainties of conducting business outside India._** 

34 

Outside India, we conduct our business and plan to grow our business across emerging and developed markets and increase the share of international sales in our revenues and profits. While we do not generate any revenue from international operations, we generate revenue in foreign currency from our customers located outside of India. Our total revenue from operations from customers located outside of India received in foreign currencies was ₹419.40 million, ₹534.76 million and ₹533.58 million in Financial Years 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively, and was `464.09 million for the six month period ended September 30, 2021. 

The markets in which we operate and in which we plan to grow are diverse and fragmented, with varying levels of economic and infrastructure development and distinct legal and regulatory systems, and do not operate seamlessly across borders as a single or common market. Therefore, we may be subject to risks inherent in doing business in countries other than India, including: 

- challenges caused by distance, language, and cultural differences; 

- protectionist laws and business practices; 

- complex local tax regimes; 

- higher costs associated with doing business in multiple markets; 

- imposition of international sanctions on one or more of the countries in which we operate; 

- risks related to the legal and regulatory environment in non-Indian jurisdictions, including with respect to privacy and data, or in relation to taxation or repatriation of our revenues or profits from foreign jurisdictions to India; 

- security, and unexpected changes in laws, regulatory requirements, and enforcement; 

- burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws in multiple jurisdictions and liability in case of any failure to comply with such laws; 

- potential damage to our brand and reputation due to compliance with local laws, including requirements to provide player information to local authorities; 

- fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 

- political, social, or economic instability; 

- the potential need to recruit and work through local partners; 

- reduced protection for or increased violation of intellectual property rights in some countries; 

- difficulties in managing global operations and legal compliance costs associated with multiple international locations; 

- natural disasters, including earthquakes, tsunamis, and floods; 

- inadequate local infrastructure; and 

- exposure to local banking, currency control and other financial-related risks. 

Further, several of our agreements are governed by laws other than Indian law. We cannot assure you that in the event of a dispute under such agreements, we will be able to successfully defend our position, and any adverse decision may adversely impact our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. If we are unable to manage our global operations successfully, our financial results could be adversely affected, which may impact profit margins or make it increasingly difficult for us to conduct business in foreign markets. 

We plan to continue the expansion of our offerings, as well as our user base, within existing regions where we operate and to various other jurisdictions. For instance, we may seek to expand our customer base in the emerging markets in Middle East, South East Asia and other counties in South East Asia where we seek to offer our full stack of products and solutions. In the more advanced markets, such as North America and Europe, we plan to provide specific services such as HD or indoor maps to customers in such geographies. We may have limited or no experience in marketing, developing and deploying our offerings in such jurisdictions or to such target demographics. We may require considerable management attention and resources for managing our growing business across markets. 

35 

**_11. Our customers may terminate contracts or arrangements prior to completion, record reduced volumes or emoluments than initially estimated by them and us, negotiate adverse terms of the contract or choose not to renew contracts in a timely manner on terms beneficial to us, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We deliver our products and solutions based on actual or projected volumes given by our customers, that are agreedupon and recorded in agreements or purchase orders or minutes of meetings received from our customers (“ **Orders** ”). Thus, we may not have enforceable and legal contracts with our customers in respect of Orders and to that extent, our Orders may not result in revenue for us. 

We maintain an internal booking system of our Orders, and record a new Order or renew an existing order each time a contract or purchase order or minutes of meetings with customers, as applicable, are confirmed by our customers or when the quantities mentioned in the order are delivered. We enter into fixed price or volume linked contracts with our customers. The typical term of such Orders range from three to five years, which may or may not be mutually extendable. Contracts for which the term is mutually extendable accounted for around 70% of our revenue from operations in Financial Year 2021. Some of our Orders also depend on volumes generated by our customers, which in turn affects usage of our products and solutions. Our customers may use our products and solutions in substantially lower quantities or they may not use our products or solutions at all. This may result in our actual revenue being much lower than what is stated or estimated in the Orders. Payments for such Orders are typically staggered over the duration of the agreed term, and revenue for such products and solutions is recognized upon delivery. Orders may also assume that usage and sales are higher towards the latter part of the arrangement and thus, if terminated, before the period agreed, our revenues for such periods would be affected as the Orders would not exist. We typically receive a lumpsum amount of our receivable payments upfront, as our IP is delivered to our customers in the first instance, which is then applied by them in their products during the term of such Orders, based on actual volumes. 

There is no assurance in relation to the sales volumes and revenue that our Orders will eventually generate for us. The actual realisation of revenue from our Orders and obtaining new business or customers, is inherently subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including the accuracy of customer projections relating to the volumes to be produced and sold by them, and the timing of such production and sale. Such volume projections of our customers are based on a number of economic and business factors, variables and assumptions, some or all of which may change or may not be accurate. Accordingly, our Orders are not necessarily an accurate and reliable indication of what our actual sales and revenues would be, nor do we purport to project our results of operations, financial position or cash flows for any future period or date based on our Orders. 

Our customers can terminate many of our Orders with or without cause, including without any cancellation charge in most cases. During the last three Financial Years 2019, 2020, 2021 and the six month period ended September 30, 2021, contracts with residual value aggregating to `11.01 million reached the expiry of their respective terms, including two contracts with residual value of over `2.5 million each, (one contract expired in Financial Year 2019 and one contract expired in Financial Year 2020), and contracts with residual value aggregating to `45.85 million were terminated by our customers prior to expiry of their respective terms, including three contracts with residual value of over `2.5 million each (one contract was terminated in Financial Year 2019 and two contracts were terminated in Financial Year 2020). For details of our customer retention, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  – Significant Factors Affecting Results of Operations and Financial Condition - Customer relationships and expansion of our customer base_ ” on page 251. Our engagements with our customers are typically for products or solutions that are singular in nature. Our Orders which are larger and more complex may involve multiple engagements or stages, and a customer may choose not to retain us for additional stages or may cancel or delay additional planned engagements. Since we rely on purchase orders, minutes from customers and customer schedules to govern the volume and other terms of our Orders, which may be amended or cancelled, we may not have any recourse in the event of an unexpected delay or cancellation of an Order. Further, there is no commitment on the part of our customers to continue to place new Orders with us and as a result, our sales from period to period may fluctuate significantly as a result of changes in our customers’ vendor preferences or the discontinuation of, loss of business with respect to, or a lack of commercial success of, their products for which our products or solutions are provided. 

Several factors could cause the loss of an Order or reduction in revenues from a customer. These factors include, among other things: 

- the business or financial condition of our customers including owing to factors such as Covid-19; 

- 

   - the economy in general; 

- 

   - a change in strategic priorities by our customers, including reduced levels of spending on technology services; 

- replacement of us by our competitors who may be able to provide products and services at more competitive prices; 

36 

- changes in the personnel of our customers who are responsible for procurement of information technology, or IT, services or with whom we primarily interact; 

- a demand for price reductions by our customers; 

- mergers, acquisitions or significant corporate restructurings involving our customer; and 

- decision by our customer to move work in-house or to one or several of our competitors. 

The loss or diminution in business from any of our major customers could have a material adverse effect on our revenue from operations and results of operations. Please also see “ _Risk Factors - We depend on a limited number of customers for a significant portion of our revenues. The loss of our key customers or significant reduction in sales of, or demand for our products and services from our significant customers may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition_ .” on page 34. We may not be able to renew our Orders on favourable terms, or to replace any customer that elects to terminate or not renew its Order with us, which could materially adversely affect our revenue and thus our results of operations. 

# **_12. A failure of or disruption in our digital map database or system failures and resulting interruption in our platform, including a disruption related to cybersecurity, internal misconduct or non-compliance with data protection, privacy or information security related Indian or foreign laws, could adversely impact our business and operations._** 

As a technology-based platform, our business generates and processes a large quantity of location data, behavioural and demographic data. We face risks inherent in handling and protecting large volumes of data, including protecting the data hosted in our system, detecting and prohibiting unauthorized data share and transfer, preventing attacks on our system by outside parties or fraudulent behaviour or improper use by our employees, and maintaining and updating our database. Any system failure, security breach or third-party attacks or attempts to illegally obtain the data that result in any actual or perceived release of such data could damage our reputation and brand, deter current and potential consumers from using our products and services, damage our business, and expose us to potential legal liability. We rely on the process, capacity, reliability and security of our digital map database and IT systems and infrastructure in our operations. These include procurement, production, distribution, reporting and consolidation platforms, as well as design and development of new offerings. IT systems are vulnerable to disruptions, including those resulting from natural disasters, cyber-attacks or failures in third party-provided services. Cybersecurity risks can include breaches of confidentiality, loss of integrity and/or availability of the data and/or transactions processed by the information systems (system malfunction, data theft, data destruction and loss of data integrity). These may result from external (denial of service, hacking, malware) or internal (tampering, breach of data confidentiality) threats. In addition, we face threats in relation to onboard systems and offerings, in their design phase and also in their operational and service phases, as the case may be. 

We have experienced downtime and performance issues in the past due to dependencies on our infrastructure providers, or due to technical system glitches. For instance, when the cowin.gov.in portal went live on March 1, 2021 and there was a sudden surge of online traffic to their portal that has our map APIs embedded, we experienced a few hours of slow performance, after which our systems stabilized to match the surge in demand. However, the slow performance of our system at that time did not have any material impact on our Company. We have not experienced any material disruption to our system at any time during the last three financial years. 

The techniques used to obtain unauthorized, improper, or illegal access to our systems, our or our customers’ data, or to disable or degrade service or sabotage systems, are constantly evolving, may be difficult to detect quickly, and often are not recognized until after they have been launched against a target. We may be unable to anticipate these techniques, react in a timely manner, or implement adequate preventative or remedial measures. Unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities through various means, including, among others, hacking into our or our partners’ or customers’ systems or facilities, or attempting to fraudulently induce our employees, partners, consumers or others into disclosing usernames, passwords, or other sensitive information, which may in turn be used to access our information technology systems and gain access to our data or other confidential, proprietary, or sensitive information. Such risks could result in incurring of costs for addressing such risks, diversion of management’s attention and regulatory actions. 

A large-scale malfunction or interruption of one or more of our digital map database, IT systems or cyber-attacks on our network could compromise the security of our systems and our ability to protect our networks and the confidentiality of sensitive data which may lead to tampering with or theft of our database, designs, proprietary software and other trade secrets, information relating to our intellectual property or business strategy, and data of third parties, including our employees and customers. We may be required to incur significant costs to protect against damage caused by such cyber-attacks or disruptions in the future or failure by us to comply with Indian or foreign laws and regulations, including laws and regulations regulating privacy, data protection or information security. These consequently could cause significant damage to our reputation, disruption of our operations, result in a loss or damage to our data or an inappropriate disclosure of confidential information, affect our relationships with our customers, 

37 

suppliers and employees, lead to legal claims, proceedings or actions against us, liability or regulatory penalties under Indian or foreign laws protecting the privacy of personal information and ultimately adversely affect our business. 

With the proposed enactment of the Personal Data Protection Bill, 2019 (“ **PDP Bill** ”), and the ongoing regulatory discussions along proposed Indian regulation to govern non-personal data, the privacy and data protection laws are set to be closely administered in India, and we may become subject to additional potential compliance requirements. The PDP Bill proposes a legal framework governing the processing of personal data, where such data has been collected, disclosed, shared or otherwise processed within India, as well as any processing of personal data by the Government of India, Indian companies, Indian citizens or any person or body of persons incorporated or created under Indian law. The PDP Bill defines personal data and sensitive personal data, prescribes rules for collecting, storing and processing of such data and creates rights and obligations of data-subjects and processors. The Indian Government has also been mooting a legislation governing non-personal data. In September 2019, the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology formed a committee of experts (“ **NPD Committee** ”) to recommend a regulatory regime to govern nonpersonal data (“ **NPD** ”). The NPD Committee has released two reports till date, which recommend, among other items, a framework to govern NPD (defined as any data other than personal data), access and sharing of NPD with government and corporations alike and a registration regime and for “data businesses”, being business that collect, process or store data, both personal and non-personal. 

Although we have implemented security policies, processes, and layers of defense designed to help identify and protect our systems and data from current and emerging technology threats and damage from intentional and unintentional misappropriation or corruption of our systems and information due to computer viruses, unauthorized access, cyberattack and other similar disruptions, we may still continue to be, subjected to such attacks or disruptions. There is no assurance that the security measures we have in place will be successful or sufficient to protect our IT systems and data. Further, unavailability of, or failure to retain, well trained employees capable of constantly servicing our systems may lead to inefficiency or disruption thereby adversely affecting our ability to operate efficiently. 

The digital data set underlying our platform is highly complex and may contain undetected errors or vulnerabilities, some of which may only be discovered at a subsequent stage or may not get discovered at all. Our practice is to release frequent software updates. Any third-party services that we integrate into our platform, may also be subject to errors or vulnerabilities. Any errors, vulnerabilities or infringements discovered in our code or from third-party services after release could result in negative publicity, a loss of customer or loss of revenue, legal proceedings, and access or other performance issues. Such vulnerabilities could also be exploited by malicious actors and result in exposure of data of the participants on our platform, or otherwise result in a security breach or other security incident. We may need to expend significant financial and development resources to analyze, correct, eliminate, or work around errors or defects or to address and eliminate vulnerabilities. Any failure to timely and effectively resolve any such errors, defects, or vulnerabilities could adversely affect our business, reputation, brand, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **_13. We rely on telecommunications and information technology systems, networks and infrastructure to operate our business and any interruption or breakdown in such systems, networks or infrastructure or our technical systems could impair our ability to effectively operate our platforms or provide our products and services._** 

Our business could be impacted by the failure of telecommunications network operators to provide us with the requisite bandwidth which could also interfere with the speed and availability of our platform, as well as by breakdowns at the level of our internet service providers. Additionally, systems, app components and software that are developed internally may contain undetected errors, defects or bugs, which we may not be able to detect and repair in time, in a cost-effective manner or at all. In such circumstances, we may be liable for all or some costs and damages, as we would not be entitled to any indemnification or warranty that may have been available if we had obtained such systems or software from third-party providers. Disruptions or instabilities in telecommunications networks, our platforms, servers and databases as well as the functioning of internet service providers could lead to dissatisfaction and damage our reputation. 

In addition, to perform reliably, the fixed telecommunications networks and internet infrastructure of internet service providers in India, and in any other locations that we may operate in, require maintenance and periodic upgrading of the appropriate networks and infrastructure which are beyond our control. We cannot assure you that our back-up and disaster recovery measures and business continuity planning would effectively eliminate or alleviate the risks arising from the above contingencies. Our success will depend upon third parties maintaining and improving internet infrastructure to provide a reliable network with adequate speed and data capacity and telecommunication networks with good quality of services and lower congestion. 

# **_14. We have issued Equity Shares (other than bonus issues) at prices that may be lower than the Offer Price in the last 12 months prior to the date of this Red Herring Prospectus._** 

Pursuant to Board and Shareholders’ resolutions dated September 17, 2021 and September 20, 2021, respectively, and in terms of the Investment Agreement and the Further Agreement, our Company converted 4,054,969 outstanding 

38 

Preference Shares into 20,274,845 Equity Shares and allotted 11,143,660 Equity Shares, 3,385,155 Equity Shares, and 5,746,030 Equity Shares, to PhonePe Singapore, Qualcomm, and Zenrin, respectively, on September 21, 2021, at prices which may be lower than the Offer Price. For further details, see “ _Capital Structure – Notes to Capital Structure_ ” on page 70. 

# **_15. We may not be able to sustain our historical growth rates, and our historical performance may not be indicative of our future growth or financial results._** 

Our business has grown substantially in recent years. Since our incorporation in 1995, we have evolved from a map data provider to an extensive location intelligence and GIS platform products and service provider servicing multiple industries. Our revenue from operations has grown from ₹ 1,352.55 million in Fiscal 2019 to ₹ 1,486.29 million in Fiscal 2020 and ₹ 1,524.63 million in Fiscal 2021. 

As we continue to grow our business, we will need to work with our existing and an increasingly large number of new customers and developers to efficiently establish and maintain mutually beneficial relationships with them. We will need to continue to expand our product and services portfolio and invest in R&D. We will also need to continue to expand, train, manage and motivate our growing workforce. To support our expansion, we also expect to upgrade a variety of new and upgraded managerial, operating, financial and human resource systems, procedures and controls, which may lead to higher costs. Also, our offerings need to be constantly updated to be in sync with the latest technological developments, innovations and market developments, which may require continuous investment and working capital. 

We cannot assure you that our historical growth rate will be sustainable or achieved at all in the future, that our new business initiatives will be successful, or that we will be able to upgrade all these managerial, operating, financial and human resource systems, procedures and control measures successfully. If we are not able to manage our growth or execute our strategies effectively, our expansion may not be successful, and our business and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. We may also experience a decline in our revenue growth rate as a result of a number of factors, including slowing demand for our products, platforms, and services, and insufficient growth in the number of customers that utilize our platform, increasing competition, a decrease in the growth of our overall market, our failure to continue to capitalize on growth opportunities, and increasing regulatory costs, among others, all of which may have an adverse impact on our cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_16. Our business operations and future opportunities are characterised by rapid technological change, which could render our offerings obsolete and could cause us to make substantial expenditures to update or replace our offerings. Further, if we do not continue to innovate and further develop our services and platforms or we are not able to keep pace with technological developments, we may not remain competitive._** 

Digital mapping, satellite navigation and geo-spatial technologies are undergoing rapid innovation and change. Evolving technological conditions require us to continuously modify our products and services and develop new products and services to remain competitive, attract new customers and maintain our time-to-market advantage and market reputation. We also must continue to assess the projected development of the market for navigation and geospatial technologies and to accordingly develop and manufacture our product and service offerings. There is no assurance that we will have the financial or other resources including human resources required to successfully modify our existing offerings or produce new offerings in a timely manner, or that any products or services we introduce will gain market acceptance. 

Our profitability and competitiveness are to a certain extent dependent on our ability to respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis. Changes in technology may make newer generation navigation products and solutions more competitive than ours or may require us to make additional capital expenditures to upgrade our offerings and related infrastructure. Our inability to continue to invest in new and more advanced technologies and equipment, may result in our inability to respond to emerging industry standards and practices in a cost-effective and timely manner that is competitive with other companies. The development and implementation of such technology entails technical and business risks. 

To remain competitive, we must continue to stay abreast of the constantly evolving industry trends and to enhance and improve the responsiveness, functionality and features of our products, mobile applications, APIs, SDKs, and other geo-spatial solutions systems. In order to attract and retain customers and compete against our competitors, we must continue to invest significant resources in research and development to enhance our information technology and improve our existing services. The navigation and geo-spatial solutions industry is characterized by rapid technological evolution, changes in customer requirements and preferences, frequent introduction of new services and products embodying new technologies, and the emergence of new industry standards and practices, any of which could render our existing technologies and systems obsolete. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to identify, develop, acquire or license leading technologies useful in our business, and respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices in a cost-effective and timely way. There can be no assurance that we will be able to use new technologies effectively or adapt our products and services to meet customer requirements or emerging 

39 

industry standards. If we are unable to adapt in a cost-effective and timely manner in response to changing market conditions or customer preferences, whether for technical, legal, financial or other reasons, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 

While we have a track record of successfully expanding into new service categories, developing and launching enhancements to our products, platforms and new services may involve significant technical risks and upfront capital investments that may not generate return on investment. We may use new technologies ineffectively, or we may fail to adapt to emerging industry standards. If we face material delays in introducing new or enhanced products and platform features, and services or if our recently introduced offerings do not perform in accordance with our expectations, the customers, and developers that utilize our platform may forego the use of our services in favor of those of our competitors. 

# **_17. We may undertake strategic acquisitions or investments, which may prove to be difficult to integrate and manage or may not be successful._** 

Our Company has not acquired any entity in the last three Financial Years or the six month period ended September 30, 2021. We may make acquisitions or enter into strategic alliances or joint ventures to explore opportunities or make significant investments in entities that we do not control, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in doing so. It is also possible that we may not identify suitable acquisition or investment candidates, or that if we do identify suitable candidates, we may not complete those transactions on terms commercially acceptable to us or at all. The inability to identify suitable acquisition targets or investments or the inability to complete such transactions may adversely affect our competitiveness or our growth prospects. 

If we acquire another company we could face difficulty in integrating the acquired operations. In addition, the key personnel of the acquired company may decide not to work for us. These difficulties could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and employees and increase our expenses. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve the strategic purpose of such acquisition or operational integration or our targeted return on investment 

# **_18. Growth of our business will depend upon the strength of our brands, and any failure to maintain, protect and enhance our brand could limit our ability to retain or expand our customer base._** 

We believe that our brand ‘MapmyIndia’ is well recognized and is important to continue to attract and retain customers. We operate outside India under our ‘Mappls’ brand. We need to maintain, protect and enhance our brand in order to expand our existing base of customers, and increase their engagement with our products and platforms. This will depend largely on our ability to continue to provide differentiated services, and we may not be able to do so effectively. While we may choose to engage in a broader marketing campaign to further promote our brand, this effort may not be successful or cost effective. If we are unable to maintain or enhance customer awareness in a cost-effective manner, our brand, business, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. Furthermore, negative publicity about us, including service problems or defects, impairment of the reputation of popular customers, issues with our technology, data privacy breaches and complaints about our services, could diminish confidence in, and the use of, our services, which could harm our results of operations and business. A public perception that we do not provide satisfactory services to customers, even if factually incorrect or based on isolated incident or based on the aggregate effect of individually insignificant incidents, could damage our reputation, diminish the value of our brands, undermine the trust and credibility we have established and have a negative impact on our ability to attract and retain customers. 

# **_19. Failure to maintain or improve our technology infrastructure could harm our business and prospects._** 

It is critical to our success that all participants are able to access our platforms, at all times. Our systems, or those of third-parties upon which we rely, may experience service interruptions or degradation or other performance problems because of hardware and software defects or malfunctions, unexpected high volume of transactions, distributed denialof-service and other cyberattacks, infrastructure changes, human error, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, natural disasters, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications services, unauthorized access, fraud, military or political conflicts, terrorist attacks, legal or regulatory takedowns, computer viruses, ransomware, malware, or other events. Our systems also may be subject to break-ins, sabotage, theft and intentional acts of vandalism, including by our own employees, all of which would impact our ability to provide secure and seamless access to our platforms, which would have an adverse impact on our operations and reputation. 

Any failure to maintain and improve our technology infrastructure could result in unanticipated system disruptions, slower response times, impaired consumer experience, delays in reporting accurate operating and financial information and failures in risk management. In addition, much of the software and interfaces we use are internally developed and proprietary technology. If we experience problems with the functionality and effectiveness of our software, interfaces or platform, or are unable to maintain and continuously improve our technology infrastructure to handle our business needs, our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects, as well as our reputation and brand, could be materially and adversely affected. 

40 

Furthermore, our technology infrastructure, products and services, including our service offerings, incorporate thirdparty-developed software, systems and technologies, as well as hardware purchased or commissioned from outside and overseas suppliers. As our technology infrastructure, products and services expand and become increasingly complex, we face increasingly serious risks to the performance and security of our technology infrastructure, products and services that may be caused by these third-party-developed components, including risks relating to incompatibilities among these components, service failures or delays or back-end procedures on hardware and software. As a result we may be required to develop such software, systems and technologies in-house or incur additional costs. We have a historical track record of innovation, and will continue to provide technology in the future. We also need to continuously enhance our existing technology. Otherwise, we face the risk of our technology infrastructure becoming unstable and susceptible to security breaches. This instability or susceptibility could create serious challenges to the security and uninterrupted operation of our platforms, products and services, which would materially and adversely affect our business and reputation. 

# **_20. The outbreak and after-effects of COVID-19, or outbreak of any other severe communicable disease could have a potential impact on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

The outbreak, or threatened outbreak, of any severe communicable disease or pandemic, as seen in the recent outbreak and aftermath of COVID-19 including the second wave, could materially and adversely affect overall business sentiment and environment across industries. In addition, our revenue and profitability could be impacted to the extent that a natural disaster, health epidemic or other outbreak harms the Indian and global economy in general. The outbreak has significantly increased economic uncertainty and caused economic slowdown. The outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in authorities implementing several measures such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders, and shutdowns. These measures have impacted and may further impact our workforce and operations, the operations of our customers, and those of our respective vendors and suppliers. There is currently substantial medical uncertainty regarding COVID-19 and no government-certified treatment is available. A rapid increase in severe cases and deaths where measures taken by governments fail or are lifted prematurely, may cause significant economic disruption in India and in the rest of the world. The scope, duration and frequency of such measures and the adverse effects of COVID-19 remain uncertain and could be severe. 

The spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices (including employee travel, employee work locations, and cancellation of physical participation in meetings, events and conferences), and we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers and partners. If any of our employees are suspected of contracting COVID-19 or any other epidemic disease, this could require us to quarantine some or all of these employees or suspend operations in our facilities for disinfection. There is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the outbreak, and our ability to perform critical functions could be harmed. 

The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our future results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions taken globally to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. Existing insurance coverage may not provide protection for all costs that may arise from all such possible events. The spread of any severe communicable disease may also adversely affect the operations of our customers and suppliers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. We are still assessing our business operations and system supports and the impact that COVID-19 may have on our results and financial condition, but there can be no assurance that this analysis will enable us to avoid part or all of any impact from the spread of COVID-19 or its consequences, including downturns in business sentiment generally or in our sector in particular. The above risks can threaten the safe operation of our facilities and cause disruption of operational activities, environmental harm, loss of life, injuries and impact the wellbeing of our people. 

During the lockdown in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we put in place certain interim measures to ensure business continuity. All of our employees worked remotely, and our websites continued to operate. However, our operations are dependent on various information technology systems and applications which may not be adequately supported by a robust business continuity plan, which could seriously impact our business in the event of a disaster of any nature. Although we continue to devote resources and management focus, there can be no assurance that these programs will operate effectively. 

# **_21. Our inability to effectively manage our growth or to successfully implement our business plan and growth strategy could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows._** 

While we have experienced significant growth and have expanded our operations extensively over the last 25 years, we cannot assure you that our growth strategy will continue to be successful or that we will be able to continue to expand further, or at the same rate. The success of our business will depend greatly on our ability to effectively implement our business and growth strategy. Our growth strategy involves growing our portfolio of differentiated products and solutions offerings, strengthening our brand, deepening our penetration in existing markets and 

41 

expanding our presence in select new sectors and geographic territories. For further information, see “ _Our Business – Our Strategies_ ” beginning on page 145. 

Our success in implementing our growth strategies may be affected by our ability to identify new market opportunities, develop differentiated products, increase our existing network of customers and ability to adapt to changes in the Indian or international regulatory environment applicable to us. Many of these factors are beyond our control and there can be no assurance that we will succeed in implementing our strategy. Any change in government policies and regulations including any ban imposed on a particular product or services offerings by the respective governments, or any duties, pre-conditions may have an adverse impact on our operations. In addition, there may be delays in the anticipated timing of activities related to such growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans; increased difficulty and cost in implementing these efforts; and the incurrence of other unexpected costs associated with operating the business. Any of these factors could adversely impact our results of operations. If, for any reason, the benefits we realize are less than our estimates or the implementation of these growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans adversely affect our operations or cost more or take longer to effectuate than we expect, or if our assumptions prove inaccurate, our results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 

# **_22. Our revenues from international customers are subject to fluctuation in foreign currency risks_** 

We received revenues in foreign currencies from customers located outside of India (“ **International Customers** ”) amounting to USD 5.89 million and Euro 0.12 million in Financial Year 2019, USD 7.36 million and Euro 0.17 million in Financial Year 2020,  USD 7.08 million and Euro 0.12 million in Financial Year 2021 and USD 6.27 million and Euro 0.01 million during the six month period ended September 30, 2021, respectively, which comprised 31%, 36%, 35% and 46% of our total revenue from operations, respectively, for such periods. Our revenues from International Customers are subject to risks inherent in operating abroad. We have significant exposure in foreign currencies like USD on account of our offerings to customers outside India. We do not have a hedging policy to help mitigate these risks and reduce the effects of fluctuations in exchange rates. Our efforts to manage these risks may not be successful and we may incur losses on account of such fluctuations in exchange rates. 

Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates against the Indian Rupee may have an adverse effect on our reported revenues and financial results because of variations in the exchange rate prevailing in the previous comparative period and also affect the value of our foreign assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currency and the relative prices at which we and our foreign competitors sell products in the same markets. 

# **_23. We have contingent liabilities._** 

A summary table of our contingent liabilities as of September 30, 2021 as provided for in the Restated Consolidated Financial Information is set forth below: 

||||||(in ₹ million)|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Six month period**<br>**ended September**<br>**30, 2021**|**Financial Year**<br>**2021**|**Financial**<br>**2020**|**Year**<br>|**Financial Year 2019**|
|Bank guarantees|25.62|35.67||30.92|26.99|



For further details, see “ _Financial Information_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Contingent Liabilities_ ” on pages 193 and 269. Any of these contingent liabilities may become actual liabilities. In the event that any of our contingent liabilities become non-contingent, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will not incur similar or increased levels of contingent liabilities in the current financial year or in the future. 

# **_24. Personal privacy concerns may limit the growth of consumer GPS products._** 

Concerns have been raised by the possibility that GPS-based satellite navigation products could be used to violate personal privacy by potentially making available a record of a person’s geographical location to others. The technological potential of our current or future products may create similar concerns in the general public. While we have company policies in place and abide by government regulations, should any formal government regulation impose restrictions on such products, we will be required to develop alternate navigation systems or business. If these or other problems with public opinion arise in connection with our products or in the industry, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected. 

# **_25. We rely on mobile operating systems and application marketplaces as well as operating systems fitted in vehicles to make our services and app available to customers and users._** 

We depend on mobile operating systems, such as Android and iOS, and their respective application marketplaces and developers to make our services and applications available to our customers and users. Any changes in such systems and 

42 

policies of the companies that control these systems could adversely affect distribution, accessibility and availability of our mobile application. If such mobile operating systems or application marketplaces limit or prohibit us from making our platform available to participants that utilize our platform, make changes that degrade the functionality of our applications, increase the cost of using our platform, mobile applications or website, impose terms of use unsatisfactory to us, or modify their search or ratings algorithms in ways that are detrimental to us, or if our competitors’ placement in such mobile operating systems’ application marketplace is more prominent than the placement of our applications, our customer growth could slow down. In order to update our map database, we need to ensure that our users mobiles are designed to provide location feedback to our app or apps of our customers, which is dependent on mobile technologies, networks, and app permissions. If our customers encounter any difficulty accessing or using our applications or services, our customer growth and customer engagement would be adversely affected. 

We also depend on operating systems embedded in vehicles for providing services such navigation assistance, vehicle tracking and fleet monitoring. These operating systems are susceptible to downtime and other mechanical and software glitches rendering non-availability of our offerings to the customers. We depend on these intermediary platforms in order to provide our services efficiently without any disruptions. If these operating systems do not function properly, our customer engagement would be adversely affected. Any of the foregoing risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and result of operations. 

# **_26. Our online app marketing may constitute internet advertisement, which subjects us to laws, rules and regulations applicable to advertising._** 

Indian and international advertising laws, rules and regulations require advertisers to ensure that the content of the advertisements they prepare or distribute is fair and accurate and is in full compliance with applicable law. Violation of these laws, rules or regulations may result in penalties, orders to cease dissemination of the advertisements and orders to publish corrective information. Complying with these requirements and failure to comply may increase our costs and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **_27. We may not be able to identify or effectively respond to evolving preferences, expectations or trends in a timely manner, and a failure to derive the desired benefits from our product development efforts may impact our competitiveness and profitability._** 

The success of our business depends in part on our ability to anticipate, identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in customer expectations, needs and demands, and develop new/ differentiated products and services to meet these requirements. The use cases for comprehensive map data base and related geo-spatial services is rapidly evolving, and aligning our business to respond to evolving preferences for map based products and services is critical to our future success. Our success is also dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, and other trends that affect demographic and end-customer preferences in a variety of our product categories. 

We cannot assure you that our future products and services development initiatives will be successful or be completed within the anticipated period or budget, or that our newly developed or improvised products will achieve wide market acceptance from our dealers. For instance, we have in the past expended resources in developing and launching some differentiated products that did not perform as expected once launched, or that we failed to launch altogether. Even if these offerings are successfully developed, there is no guarantee that they will be accepted by our customers and achieve anticipated sales targets in a profitable manner, which may affect our ability to grow our network of endcustomers and gain market share. In addition, there can be no guarantee that the time and effort that we spend in developing these products and services would be beneficial to our Company. This could also adversely affect our ability to pursue our growth strategy of continuing to develop niche and differentiated products to grow our market share. Further, we cannot assure you that our existing or potential competitors will not develop products that are similar or superior to our products. It is often difficult to estimate the time to market new products and there is a substantial risk that we may have to abandon a potential product that is no longer commercially viable, even after we have invested significant resources in the development of such product. If we fail in our product launching efforts, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows may be adversely affected. 

Further, as we continue to grow our business by expanding our products, brand offerings and our geographic reach, maintaining quality and consistency may be more difficult and there can be no assurance that the customers’ confidence in our brand will not diminish. Failure or any delay on our part to identify such trends, to align our business successfully and maintain quality could negatively affect our brand image, our relationship with our dealers, the rate of growth of our business, our market share and our prospects. 

# **_28. Our business operations are being conducted on premises owned by and/or leased from third parties. Our inability to continue operating from such premises, or to seek renewal or extension of such leases may materially affect our business operations._** 

Our business operations are being conducted on premises owned by and/or leased from third parties, and we may continue to enter such transactions in future. Our Registered Office is operated from leased premises, currently valid 

43 

for a period of eight years from the commencement date, i.e. April 1, 2017. The registered offices of our Subsidiaries have been leased and are operated out of commercial office spaces or pursuant to no-objection certificates from third parties. For further details, see “ _Our Business – Property_ ” on page 154. Our leases may expire in the ordinary course. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue operating out of our existing premises or renew our existing leases at favourable terms or at all. Any such event may adversely impact our operations and cash flows and may divert management attention from our business operations. 

Given that our business operations are conducted on premises leased from third parties, any encumbrance or adverse impact on, or deficiency in, the title, ownership rights or development rights of the owners from whose premises we operate, breach of the contractual terms of any lease or leave and license agreements, or any inability to renew such agreements on acceptable terms or at all may materially affect our business operations. 

# **_29. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to successfully manage, or accurately report, our financial risks._** 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to prepare reliable financial reports and effectively avoid fraud. Moreover, any internal controls that we may implement, or our level of compliance with such controls, may deteriorate over time, due to evolving business conditions. There can be no assurance that additional deficiencies in our internal controls will not arise in the future, or that we will be able to implement, and continue to maintain, adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls. 

# **_30. Unfavourable media coverage or negative publicity of companies that our Company has partnered with, could harm our brand, business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Unfavorable publicity of our Company or companies we have partnered with could adversely affect our reputation. Such negative publicity could also harm the size of our network and the engagement and loyalty of our customers and other participants that utilize our platform, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. 

As our platforms continue to scale and public awareness of our brand increases, any future issues that draw media coverage could have an amplified negative effect on our reputation and brand. In addition, negative publicity of key brands with which we have partnered or by any influencers may damage our reputation, even if the publicity is not directly related to us. Any negative publicity that we may receive could diminish confidence in, and the use of, our platforms and may result in increased regulation and legislative scrutiny of industry practices as well as increased litigation, which may further increase our costs of doing business and adversely affect our brand. As a result, any impairment or damage to our brand, including as a result of these or other factors, could adversely affect our business, reputation, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. Many social media platforms publish their subscriber’s or participant’s content, often without filters on accuracy. The dissemination of inaccurate information regarding our business, brand and services online could harm our business, reputation, prospects, financial condition and operating results, regardless of the information’s accuracy. The damage may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. 

# **_31. We are required to obtain, renew or maintain certain statutory and regulatory permits and approvals required to operate our business, and if we fail to do so in a timely manner or at all and our business, financial conditions, results of operations, and cash flows may be adversely affected._** 

Our operations are subject to government regulations and we are required to obtain and maintain several permits and approvals under central, state and local government rules for operating our business. For details, see “ _Government and other Approvals_ ” beginning on page 276. Certain of these approvals are granted for a limited duration and are required to be renewed or extended from time to time upon expiry. While we usually apply for the renewal of approvals in a timely manner, we cannot assure you that such approvals will be issued or granted to us in a timely manner, or at all. If we do not receive such approvals or are not able to renew the approvals in a timely manner, our business and operations may be adversely affected. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, all material approvals required for operating our business are valid and our Company does not have any pending application for grant and/or renewal of any material approval. 

The approvals required by us are subject to numerous conditions and in some cases, consent of relevant authorities is required in case there is any modification/ alteration/ change in nature of products and services offered. The conditions and the obligation to renew the approval or license at regular intervals are also prescribed in such approvals and licenses. We cannot assure you that these would not be suspended or revoked in the event of accidental non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial conditions, results of operations, and cash flows. 

44 

# **_32. We are in the process of expanding our operations and establishing a network of customers in sectors and regions where we do not have a significant presence and prior experience. Any failure to expand into these new sectors and regions could adversely affect our sales, financial condition, result of operations, and cash flows._** 

In order to cater to the growing market demand for our products and solutions and expand our presence across India and other countries, we are in the process of deepening our presence in diverse sectors and use cases that we have recently entered, and expanding our presence in the sectors where we have been present for a considerable period. We have also started to build and release digital maps for countries outside India, such as Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Nepal, Bhutan, Myanmar, UAE and Egypt. We may not possess the same level of familiarity with the economic condition, end-customer base and commercial operations in the new geographies, use cases and sectors we propose to enter into and therefore, we will be initially exposed to a degree of risk in realization and volume of operations. There can be no assurance that our expansion plans in these new ventures will be successful, as our competitors may have more established brands, more experience in trends and deeper relationships with customers in these sectors. Further, having limited or no presence in such new regions and sectors as compared to some of our competitors, may lead to lower product and service pricing due to lack of brand presence and higher expenditure on brand building. As a result, it may be more expensive for us to provide our products and services offerings in these new regions and customer base and it may take longer to reach expected sales and profit levels than anticipated, which could affect the viability of these operations or our overall profitability. There can be no assurance that our offerings will gain market acceptance or meet the particular requirements of customers in these new markets and regions. If we do not successfully establish our operations, reputation and brand image in these new markets and regions, our sales, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 

# **_33. Failure to have long term contracts or exclusive arrangements with any of our suppliers, partners and service providers, and any major disruption to the timely and adequate supplies of hardware, software or cloud services for any of our segments could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects are significantly impacted by the prices of hardware, software or cloud services purchased or availed by us. The failure of our suppliers or service providers to deliver such services as per the required schedule, of a specified quality/standard/specification, may adversely affect our offerings to customers thereby giving rise to contractual penalties or liabilities, loss of customers and/or an adverse effect on our reputation, which may in turn result in an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although we have not encountered any significant disruptions in the sourcing and/or supply from our suppliers, we cannot assure you that such disruptions will not occur and/or we shall continue to be able to utilise such services in a cost effective and timely manner. 

# **_34. We derive a certain portion of our revenue from business transactions and associations with governmental or government-funded entities or agencies and any change in government policies or change preference or delay in payment may affect our business and results of operations._** 

We generate certain portion of our revenue from the business transactions and associations with governmental or government-funded entities or agencies such as Goods and Service Tax Network. The percentage of revenue pursuant to contracts with government or government-funded entities during the last three financial years accounted for 9%, 4% and 3% of our total revenue from operations for the Financial Years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and 5% of our total revenue from operations for the six month period ended September 30, 2021. Any change in the government, government policies or focus of the Atmanirbhar initiative, or delay in payment may affect our business and results of operations. We may also encounter disputes with these governmental entities, which could also have a material adverse effect on the results of our operations. Our business is dependent on projects undertaken by governmental authorities and other entities funded by the government. Any change in government policies that results in a reduction in investment in projects requiring digital mapping affect us adversely. If there is any change in the government or in governmental policies or practices which reduces focus on ‘Make in India’ campaign, our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Further, payments from the Central, state, and local governmental authorities in India may be subject to several delays due to regulatory scrutiny and long procedural formalities, including any audit by the Comptroller and Auditor General of India. If payments under our contracts with the Central, state, and local governmental authorities in India are delayed, our cash flow would be adversely affected. Any delay in payments from the Central, state, and local governmental authorities in India may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Further, any change in the Central or state governments may result in a change in policy and reassessment of the existing contracts. Any change in the terms of conditions of future contracts may result in rendering all or some projects unviable, which may, in turn, result in reduction of our revenues. We may further encounter disputes with certain governmental authorities in respect of the projects awarded by them which may cause delay to our receiving payments due from such parties or may inhibit our ability to recover our costs. While the financial implication of such disputes individually may not be significant, any adverse adjudication in these matters may have a material adverse impact on our business. 

45 

Further, we may be included in investigations or other proceedings in respect of offences alleged against the personnel of government authorities that we engage with in the ordinary course of business. 

# **_35. An inability to renew quality accreditations in a timely manner or at all, or any deficiencies in the quality of our products and services may adversely affect our business prospects and financial performance._** 

We obtain and maintain quality certifications and accreditations from independent certification entities and also comply with prescribed specifications and standards of quality approved by the Government in connection with the products and services we offer. We are certified as compliant with ISO/IEC 20000-1:2011 for our information technology service management system, ISO 9001:2015 for our quality management systems, ISO 45001:2018 for our occupational health and safety management systems and CMMI for the benchmark appraisal for the technology division. Such specifications and standards of quality is an important factor in the success and wide acceptability of our offerings. If we fail to comply with applicable quality standards or if the relevant accreditation institute or agency declines to certify our products and services, or if we are otherwise unable to obtain such quality accreditations in the future, in a timely manner or at all, our business prospects and financial performance will be materially and adversely affected. 

Further, if our offerings are alleged or found to be defective, we may be subject to product liability claims or termination of customer arrangements. We may be subject to litigation for compensation in the future which could result in substantial and unexpected expenditure and could materially and adversely affect our cash flow and operating results. Further, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully defend such claims. If any such claims against us are ultimately successful, we could be required to pay substantial damages, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Moreover, product or services failures or deficiencies, and any complaints or negative publicity, could result in a decrease in our operations. Even if certain of the product or services defects are attributable to technological glitches beyond our control, we cannot guarantee that we would be able to recover all or part of the damages. 

# **_36. An inability to maintain adequate insurance cover in connection with our business may adversely affect our operations and profitability._** 

Our operations are subject to various risks including defects, malfunctions and failures of technology infrastructure, fire, riots, strikes, explosions, accidents and natural disasters. As of March 31, 2021, our gross block of tangible assets (excluding building) is ₹130.84 million, of which we have an insurance coverage of ₹136.16 million which is 104.07% of gross block of tangible assets (excluding building). As of September 30, 2021, our gross block of tangible assets (excluding building) is ₹141.81 million, of which we have an insurance coverage of ₹ 137.70 million which is 97.10% of gross block of tangible assets (excluding building). As of March 31, 2020, our gross block of tangible assets (excluding building) was ₹116.09 million, of which we have an insurance coverage of ₹180.15 million which is 155.49% of gross block of tangible assets (excluding building), and as of March 31, 2019, our gross block of tangible assets (excluding building) was ₹71.39 million, of which we had an insurance coverage of ₹55.18 million which was 77.29% of gross block of tangible assets (excluding building).  As of September 30, 2021, ₹137.70 million and ₹40 million, respectively, of our total fixed tangible assets (excluding building) and inventories was insured, which represented 221.56% and 157.23%, respectively, of the written down value of our total fixed tangible assets and inventories as per our Restated Consolidated Financial Information. Further, as of March 31, 2021, we had insured ₹136.16 million and ₹40.00 million, respectively, of our total fixed tangible assets (excluding building) and inventories, which represented 212.78% and 144.71%, respectively, of the written down value of our total fixed tangible assets and inventories as per our Restated Consolidated Financial Information. As of March 31, 2020, we had insured ₹180.50 million and ₹43 million, respectively, of our total fixed tangible assets (excluding building) and inventories, which represented 220.26% and 97.84%, respectively, of the written down value of our total fixed tangible assets and inventories as per our Restated Consolidated Financial Information, and as of March 31, 2019, we had insured ₹55.18 million and ₹80 million, respectively, of our total fixed tangible assets (excluding building) and inventories, which represented 95.08% and 229.41%, respectively, of the written down value of our total fixed tangible assets and inventories as per our Restated Consolidated Financial Information. 

Our insurance may not be adequate to completely cover any or all of our risks and liabilities. Further, there is no assurance that the insurance premiums payable by us will be commercially viable or justifiable. We cannot assure you that, in the future, any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. 

Our inability to maintain adequate insurance cover in connection with our business could adversely affect our operations and profitability. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage as a result of events for which we are not insured, or for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, or which is not covered by insurance, exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, financial performance and cash flows could be adversely affected. For further information on our insurance arrangements, see “ _Our Business –Insurance_ ” on page 154. 

46 

# **_37. We are dependent on our Promoters, Directors, and a number of Key Managerial Personnel, and the loss of or our inability to attract or retain such persons could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows._** 

We are dependent on our Promoters, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel for setting our strategic business direction and managing our business. Our Promoters, being Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of our Company and several of our other Key Managerial Personnel have extensive experience in the industry that we operate in. Our ability to meet continued success and future business challenges depends on our ability to attract, recruit and retain experienced, talented and skilled professionals. Without a sufficient number of skilled employees, our operations and manufacturing quality could suffer. Our experienced team has also developed a number of customer relationships that would be difficult to replace. Competition for qualified technical personnel and operators as well as sales personnel with established customer relationships is intense, both in retaining our existing employees and when replacing or finding additional suitable employees. If we cannot hire additional qualified personnel or retain them, our ability to expand our business will be impacted. 

We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting suitable employees. For details of change in our Board of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel in the last three years, please see “ _Our Management – Changes in our Board in the last three years_ ”  and “ _Our Management – Changes in our Key Managerial Personnel in the three immediately preceding_ years” on pages 174 and 184, respectively. These changes did not have any material impact on the sustainable growth of our Company. However, the loss of the services of our key personnel or our inability to recruit or train a sufficient number of experienced personnel or our inability to manage the attrition levels in different employee categories may have an adverse effect on our financial results and business prospects. 

# **38.** **_We engage our non-permanent employees through third-party payroll agencies for non-core tasks, and are exposed to execution risks and liability, including under applicable Indian labour laws._** 

Our non-permanent employees are engaged by us from time to time, for certain non-core functions, such as basic digitization for data updates, on a need basis. For details in relation to the number of employees engaged by our Company on a permanent basis and on contractual basis in the last three financial years, see “ _Our Business – Human Resources_ ” on page 153. There can be no assurance that such non-permanent employees, in adequate numbers or with appropriate qualifications, will be available to us every time for the relevant functions, as required to be performed or that our non-permanent employees will continue to feel as incentivised as our permanent employees for performance of such functions. While such employees are engaged by us through third-party payroll agencies, we are responsible for the payment of applicable wages and statutory benefits to such non-permanent employees in the event of default by such third-party payroll agencies which are independent contractors. 

# **_39. There is an outstanding litigation involving our Company and one of our Promoters._** 

Our Company and one of our Promoters, Rashmi Verma filed a criminal writ petition in October 2020 before the Delhi High Court against the (i) Union of India through the Ministry of Defence through the Defence Secretary, (ii) Survey of India through the Surveyor General of India, (iii) Additional Directorate, General Military Survey, Integrated Headquarters of Ministry of Defence (Army), and (iv) Commissioner of Police, New Delhi (collectively, the “ **Respondents** ”), praying for a writ of mandamus or any other writ or order for quashing the alleged illegal directions (“ **Directions** ”) issued by the Respondents on several occasions in 2018, 2019, and 2020 to take down our Company’s website and seize the server hosting such website and our Company’s data. While subsequently the DST Guidelines were issued in February 2021 in supersession of anything else on the subject issued by the GoI or its relevant departments and ministries, allowing Indian entities to among others, generate, distribute, publish, and/or create geospatial data, including maps (subject to regulations on attributes in the negative lists as stated in the DST Guidelines), without the requirement of obtaining any approvals from the GoI or any other department of the GoI, the Directions have not been quashed by the Delhi High Court and our Petition remains pending before the Delhi High Court as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. For further details regarding this writ petition, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation involving our Company – Litigation by our Company – Criminal Proceedings_ ” on page 273. 

There can be no assurance that the Petition will be decided in our favour and that the Directions will be quashed by the Delhi High Court in a timely manner or at all. In addition, we cannot assure you that no additional liability will arise out of the aforesaid proceedings or any other civil or criminal proceedings or regulatory actions that may arise in in future. Decisions in such proceedings adverse to our interests may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 273. 

Our Company has also received a legal notice dated September 14, 2021 from a former-employee of our Company, Konark Singhal alleging that that he has a right to exercise his vested options and accordingly, subscribe to 9,675 Equity Shares under the ESOP 2008. Our Company responded to the Legal Notice. With respect to the same, a 

47 

complaint has also been made by him to SEBI on October 20, 2021. In furtherance to the above, the Complainant has filed another complaint with SEBI vide a letter dated November 22, 2021. The Company has responded to the same vide letter dated November 30, 2021. No further communications have been received by us from SEBI. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation involving our Company – Litigation by our Company – Complaints received during the Offer_ ” on page 274. 

# **_40. There have been certain instances of lapses on account of inadvertent factual errors, including with respect to certain regulatory filings for corporate actions taken by our Company in the past. Further, one of our filings in respect of a corporate action is not traceable._** 

There have been certain instances of lapses such as factual errors in our corporate records and filings, in relation to certain corporate actions taken by our Company in the past. For instance, there have been the following instances of factual errors: 

- In relation to allotment of Series B Preference Shares made by our Company on July 26, 2007, the approval received from RBI incorrectly records the nominal value of the Series B Preference Shares as ₹10 per preference share; and 

- In relation to transfers recorded by our Company on March 31, 2008, the corporate authorizations and form FC-TRS filing made with RBI incorrectly records the nominal value of the equity shares allotted as ₹630 per equity share. 

Further, the filing made to RBI pursuant to the reorganization of 681,840 Series A Preference Shares of face value `83 each into 698,676 Series A Preference Shares of face value `81 each pursuant to allotment dated June 30, 2021 is not traceable. While information in relation to the reorganization has been disclosed in “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 70, we may not be able to furnish any further information, other than what is already disclosed in _“Capital Structure”_ on page 70. 

While no legal proceedings or regulatory actions have been initiated against our Company in relation to the factual errors in our corporate records and untraceable filing(s), as listed above, as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we cannot assure you that such legal proceedings or regulatory or statutory actions will not be initiated against our Company in future. 

# **_41. We incorporate certain third-party open source software into our some of our offerings and our failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses could adversely impact us._** 

We use open source software in connection with certain of our offerings. Use of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. Companies that incorporate open source software into their products and services have, from time to time, faced claims challenging the ownership of open source software and compliance with open source license terms. As a result, we could be subject to suits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software or noncompliance with open source licensing terms. 

Some open source software licenses require customers who distribute open source software as part of their software to publicly disclose all or part of the source code to such software and make available any derivative works of the open source code on unfavorable terms or at no cost. Any requirement to disclose our source code or pay damages for any breach could be harmful to our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **_42. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the equity shareholders._** 

We have in the past entered into transactions with certain enterprises over which our Directors have a significant influence. While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, we cannot assure you that we might have obtained more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. 

For further information on our related party transactions, see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Note_ 31” on page 233. We cannot assure you that any such future transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will always be in the best interests of our minority shareholders and will not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_43. Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus disclose information from the industry report which has been commissioned and paid for by us exclusively in connection with the Offer and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in the Offer is subject to inherent risks._** 

48 

Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus include information based on, or derived from, the report titled “Digital Maps and Location Intelligence Technology & Service Market - B2B(2C) for India & World” dated October 27, 2021, which has been prepared by Frost & Sullivan. 

The F&S Report has been commissioned and paid for by us for the purposes of confirming our understanding of the industry, and has been prepared in connection with the Offer. Further, F&S Report is prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Certain information in the F&S Report is also based on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions, that may prove to be incorrect. While industry sources take due care and caution while preparing their reports, they do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the data. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on this information. For the disclaimer regarding the F&S Report, see “ _Certain Conventions, Presentation of Financial, Industry and Market Data – Industry and Market Data - Disclaimer of Frost & Sullivan_ ” on page 18. 

In view of the foregoing, you may not be able to seek legal recourse for any losses resulting from undertaking any investment in the Offer pursuant to reliance on the information in this Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the F&S Report. You should consult your own advisors and undertake an independent assessment of information in this Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the Industry Report before making any investment decision regarding the Offer. For further details, see “ _Industry Overview_ ” on page 92. 

# **_44. This Red Herring Prospectus contains certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other selected statistical information related to our operations and financial performance. These non-GAAP measures and statistical information may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across the industries in which we operate, and therefore may not be comparable with financial or statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other IT companies._** 

Certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. We compute and disclose such non-GAAP financial measures and such other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance as we consider such information to be useful measures of our business and financial performance, and because such measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and others to evaluate the operational performance of IT companies, many of which provide such non-GAAP financial measures and other statistical and operational information when reporting their financial results. These non-GAAP financial measures and other statistical and other information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be comparable to financial measures and statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other IT companies. 

# **_45. If we are subject to any frauds, theft, or embezzlement by our employees, suppliers, contractors or dealers, it could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows._** 

Our operations may be subject to incidents of theft. We may also encounter some data loss on account of employee/ contractor/ customer fraud, theft, or embezzlement. Although we have set up various security measures in our offices such as deployment of security guards and operational processes such as periodic checks, there can be no assurance that we will not experience any fraud, theft, employee negligence, loss in transit or similar incidents in the future, which could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 

# **_46. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

We have not declared dividend in two of the last three Financial Years. For further information, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 190. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. The declaration and payment of dividends will be recommended by the Board of Directors and approved by the Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act, 2013. We may retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of the business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board in accordance with the dividend distribution policy adopted by our Board on July 27, 2021 and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our Company’s profitability, capital requirements, financial commitments and requirements, including business and expansions plans, applicable legal restrictions and any other financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. Accordingly, realization of a gain on Shareholders’ investments will depend on the appreciation of the price of the Equity Shares. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will appreciate in value. 

# **_47. Certain Promoters, Directors, and Key Managerial Personnel are interested in our Company’s performance in addition to their remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

49 

One of our Promoters, Director, and Key Managerial Personnel are interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses and such interests are on account of their shareholding in our Company, among other reasons. Pursuant to their shareholding in our Company, our Promoters also have the right to nominate directors on our Board. Further, our Promoter, Rakesh Kumar Verma also receives certain rent income from our Company in respect of certain properties leased by him to our Company and our Promoters, Rakesh Kumar Verma and Rashmi Verma, received consideration in relation to certain property acquired by our Company in 2017. For details, see “ _Our Management – Interest of Directors_ ” and “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group – Interest of our Promoters_ ” beginning on pages 174 and 185, respectively. We cannot assure you that our Promoters, Director, and Key Managerial Personnel will exercise their rights to the benefit and best interest of our Company. As shareholders of our Company, our Promoters, Directors or Key Managerial Personnel may take or block actions with respect to our business which may conflict with the best interests of the Company or that of minority shareholders. For further information on the interest of our Promoters, Director, and Key Managerial Personnel of our Company, other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or normal remuneration or benefits, see “ _Our Management – Interest of Directors_ ”, “ _Our Management – Interest of Key Managerial Personnel_ ”, “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group_ ” and “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Note_ 31” on pages 174, 183, 185 and 193, respectively. 

# **_External Risks_** 

# **_48. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia, Russia and elsewhere in the world in recent years has adversely affected the Indian economy. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby negatively affect the Indian economy. Financial disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on our principal markets. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. Following the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union (“ **Brexit** ”), there remains significant uncertainty around the terms of their future relationship with the European Union and, more generally, as to the impact of Brexit on the general economic conditions in the United Kingdom and the European Union and any consequential impact on global financial markets. For example, Brexit could give rise to increased volatility in foreign exchange rate movements and the value of equity and debt investments. 

In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy as well as a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term effect of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. Any significant financial disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation, and cash flows. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_49. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or outbreak of global pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war in India or globally may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

50 

# **_50. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located elsewhere, including India. Adverse economic developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficit, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 

We are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in which we operate. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. Demand for our products may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional and global economies. Economic growth in the countries in which we operate is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports, global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, and volatility in exchange currency rates. Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Also, a change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could adversely affect economic conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular and high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our revenues, and as such decrease our operating margins. 

# **_51. Increased governmental regulations may place additional burdens on our business and growth._** 

In India, while the DST Guidelines have liberalised many aspects of our business, we cannot assure you that in the future, government may not impose additional regulations that will impact our business activities including collection and dissemination of geospatial data and maps within the territory of India. Further, the combination of heightened security concerns relating to the breadth and accuracy of the map databases could result in more restrictive regulations being applied to map databases. Further, such security concerns and data privacy regulations may impact certain aspects of our business and our growth plans in geographies where we plan to grow our business. 

In addition, automobile safety initiatives may result in restrictions or additional compliances being placed on the automotive sector and our A&M customers, which in turn may lead to limiting our growth avenues in certain products and services such as for autonomous vehicles. Policies and other regulatory initiatives may result in export control laws, increased duties and taxes and other restrictions placed on our ability to conduct operations in various countries throughout the world. Any of these occurrences could adversely affect our ability to improve, license or distribute our products and services, which could result in a competitive disadvantage for us and the possible loss of customers and revenue. 

# **_52. Majority of our revenue is derived from business in India and a slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer and could adversely affect our results of operations_** 

We derive a majority of our revenue from our operations in India, accordingly, our performance and the growth of our business are necessarily dependent on the health of the overall Indian economy. A slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect the policy of the Government of India towards our industry, which may in turn adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to implement our business strategy. 

The Indian economy’s growth momentum moderated significantly in Fiscal 2018, 2019 and Fiscal 2020 as compared to previous years. The Indian economy is also influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market conditions in Asia. A loss of investor confidence in other emerging market economies or any worldwide financial instability may adversely affect the Indian economy, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations and the market price of the Equity Shares. Any slowdown in the Indian economy or future volatility in global markets could increase in our borrowing costs, result in freeze in lending generally, thereby adversely affecting our business. Additionally, an increase in trade deficit, a downgrading in India’s sovereign debt rating or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively affect interest rates and liquidity, which could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business. Any downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India could also adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

Further, India’s economy could be adversely affected by a general rise in interest rates, and various other factors. A slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect the policy of the Government of India towards our industry, which may in turn adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to implement our business strategy. 

51 

India has from time to time experienced instances of social, religious and civil unrest and hostilities between neighbouring countries. Military activity or terrorist attacks in the future could influence the Indian economy by disrupting communications and making travel more difficult and such political tensions could create a greater perception that investments in Indian companies involve higher degrees of risk. Events of this nature in the future, as well as social and civil unrest within other countries in Asia, could influence the Indian economy. A number of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to contagious diseases and, for example, have had confirmed cases of diseases such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID-19 virus. 

Other factors which may adversely affect the Indian economy are scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing of our developments and expansions; volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on India’s principal stock exchanges; changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies, like political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighboring countries; occurrence of natural or man-made disasters; infectious disease outbreaks or other serious public health concerns; prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; and other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India. 

# **_53. Our Company has prepared financial statements under Ind AS. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles._** 

Our financial statements, including the financial statements provided in this Red Herring Prospectus, have been prepared in accordance with Ind AS and the Companies Act, 2013 and restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of IFRS, U.S. GAAP or any other system of accounting principles on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of IFRS, U.S. GAAP or any other accounting principles. IFRS and U.S. GAAP differ in certain respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the Ind AS financial statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Ind AS. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited. In addition, some of our competitors may not present their financial statements in accordance with Ind AS and their financial statements may not be directly comparable to ours, and therefore reliance should accordingly be limited. 

# **_RISKS RELATING TO THE OFFER AND THE EQUITY SHARES_** 

# **_54. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares, may reduce the proceeds received by Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years, in particular has significantly depreciated in the month of March 2020, and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the trading price of our Equity Shares and returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

# **_55._** 

- **_The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book-building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments, announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us, volatility in the securities markets in India and other jurisdictions, variations in the growth rate of financial 

52 

indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

# **_56. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction the investors are located in do not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor's benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise preemption rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in us would be reduced. 

# **_57. Rights of shareholders of companies under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Our Articles of Association, composition of our Board, Indian laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive and widespread as shareholders' rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

# **_58. Any future issuance of Equity Shares may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth, whether organic or inorganic, through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us (including under an employee benefit scheme) or disposal of our Equity Shares by the Promoters or any of our other principal shareholders or any other change in our shareholding structure to comply with minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India or any public perception regarding such issuance or sales may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that our existing shareholders including our Promoters will not dispose of further Equity Shares after the completion of the Offer (subject to compliance with the lock-in provisions under the SEBI ICDR Regulations) or pledge or encumber their Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of shareholder’s investment in the Equity Shares and adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. Such securities may also be issued at prices below the Offer Price. We may also issue convertible debt securities to finance our future growth or fund our business activities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. 

# **_59._** 

# **_Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Offer._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately five Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

53 

# **_60. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under the current Indian tax laws and regulations, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is levied both at the time of transfer and acquistion of the equity shares (unless exempted under a prescribed notification), and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realised on the sale of equity shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold using any other platform other than on a recognised stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, are subject to long term capital gains tax in India. Such long term capital gains exceeding ₹ 100,000 arising from the sale of listed equity shares on the stock exchange are subject to tax at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess). With respect to capital gains arising in an off market sale, long term capital gains are subject to tax at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) without the exemption of ₹ 100,000. Short-term capital gains, arising from the sale of such equity shares on a stock exchange would be subject to tax at the rate of 15% (plus applicable surcharge and cess), while short term capital gains arising in an off-market sale would be subject to tax at a higher rate of 40% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) in the case of foreign companies and 30% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) in the case of other non-resident taxpayers. 

The Finance Act, 2019 amended the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 with effect from July 1, 2020 and clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2019 may have on our Company’s business and operations. 

Further, any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. In cases where the seller is a non-resident, capital gains arising from the sale of the equity shares will be partially or wholly exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Additionally, the Finance Act, 2020 does not require dividend distribution tax to be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. Historically, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the equity shares. 

Our Company cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect on our Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_61. The requirements of being a publicly listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a publicly listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the Listing Regulations which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. Further, as a publicly listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

# **_62. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid amount) at any stage after submitting a bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after bid/offer closing date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to block the Bid amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of equity shares or the Bid amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Similarly, Retail Individual Investors can revise or withdraw their Bids at any time during the Bid/Offer Period and until the Bid/ Offer Closing Date, but not thereafter. While we are required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within six Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by the SEBI, events affecting the Investors’ 

54 

decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events may limit the Investors’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. Therefore, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors will not be able to withdraw or lower their bids following adverse developments in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or otherwise between the dates of submission of their Bids and Allotment. 

# **_63. A third party could be prevented from acquiring control of our Company because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian law._** 

There are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company, even if a change in control would result in the purchase of your Equity Shares at a premium to the market price or would otherwise be beneficial to you. Such provisions may discourage or prevent certain types of transactions involving actual or threatened change in control of our Company. Under the SEBI Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to its stakeholders, it is possible that such a takeover would not be attempted or consummated because of the SEBI Takeover Regulations. 

55 

