# **SECTION II - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, the industry and segments in which we currently operate or propose to operate. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial, actually occur, our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. To obtain a complete understanding of our Company, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “_ **_Our Business_** _”, “_ **_Industry Overview_** _” and “_ **_Management’s Discussions and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_** _” on pages 146, 128 and 537 respectively, as well as the financial, statistical and other information contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision_ , _prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in our Equity Shares._ 

_Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company and Subsidiary is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries. This Draft Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For details, see “_ **_Forward-Looking Statements_** _” on page 16._ 

_Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section. Unless the context requires otherwise, the financial information of our Company has been derived from the Restated Consolidated Summary Financial Information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “_ **_Summary Financial Information_** _” on page 240. ._ 

_The industry information contained in this section is derived from a report titled “Industry Report – Top tier and Upscale Hotels” dated June 25, 2018 prepared by Horwath HTL India and commissioned by our Company in connection with the Offer. We have also utilised publically available research reports titled “CBRE India Retail Market View H2 2017”, “CBRE India Market Outlook Report April 2018” and “CBRE India Office Market View Q1 2018, released in years 2017 and 2018, prepared by CBRE Research. Neither we, nor the BRLMs, nor any other person connected with the Offer has independently verified this information. References to hotel segments in this section are in accordance with the presentation in the Horwath Report and we do not report our financial information by these segments._ 

# **_Internal Risk Factors_** 

**_Risks Relating to our Business_** 

**1.** **_A slowdown in economic growth in India could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We operate in the luxury-upper upscale and upscale hotel segments in India according to the Horwath Report, where consumer demand from business, leisure, MICE (meetings, incentives, conferences and events) travellers for our services is highly dependent on the general economic performance in India and globally. There is a history of increases and decreases in demand for hotel rooms, in occupancy levels and in rates realized by owners and operators of hotels through macro-economic cycles, according to the Horwath Report. Variability of results through some of the cycles in the past has been more severe due to changes in the supply of hotel rooms in given markets or in given categories of hotels. For example, according to the Horwath Report, a slowdown in demand growth starting from the global financial crisis in the financial year 2008 and a corresponding slowdown in the Indian economy resulted in moderate performance in the industry between the financial years 2008 and 2013. Any future slowdown in economic growth could affect business and personal discretionary spending levels and lead to a decrease in demand for our services for prolonged periods. 

17 

Such events could lead to a reduction in revenue derived from our hotels. During periods of such economic contraction, we may have to delay or cancel our ongoing or proposed investments in new projects or our ongoing investments in developing new properties may not yield results that we anticipated. We cannot assure you that such macroeconomic and other factors, which are beyond our control would not significantly affect demand for our services. Consequently, the occurrence of such events could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. For details, of fluctuations in demand in the hospitality industry in India in recent years, see “ **_Industry Overview – Supply and Demand” and “Industry Overview – Performance of Hotels in India in Recent Years_** ” commencing on pages 49 and 140, respectively. 

**2.** **_We have entered into hotel operation and related agreements with Marriott to receive operation and marketing services in relation to our hotels. If our hotel operators decide to terminate or not renew any agreement with us, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

As of March 31, 2018, we own four hotels (including a hotel with a co-located serviced residence) which are operated by third parties, which represent 2,176 keys in aggregate. Our hotels operated by third parties accounted for 88.20%, 85.64% and 88.45% of our revenue from operations for the financial years 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. As of March 31, 2018, these hotels are operated by a single third party hotel operator, Marriott Hotels India Private Limited and its affiliates (collectively, “ **Marriott** ”). 

We benefit from hotel operation contracts with Marriott, with terms generally ranging from 10 to 20 years, in order to avail hotel operation services for these hotels. The hotel operation agreements provide the hotel operator with day-to-day operational discretion, including personnel management, setting price and rate schedules, managing food and beverage service, procurement of inventories, supplies and services, negotiating and executing agreements with third parties such as vendors, licensees and concessionaires and carrying out marketing, sales, reservations and advertising operations for the hotel, among others. For our hotels we are generally obliged to pay one time fees for design and construction consulting services, as well as, periodic operating fees, management fees, royalty fees for licensing the use of certain trademarks, fees for centralised services, trainings, reservations and loyalty programs and other technical services rendered based on invoices raised and reimbursements for advertising, marketing, promotion, sales and software related expenses incurred by the hotel operator or their affiliates. 

Pursuant to such agreements, we are required to maintain good and marketable title in the freehold property and hotel building, free and clear of any and all liens, encumbrances, or other charges. Other than in the manner specifically set out under the agreements, we agree not to enter into or grant a mortgage on the hotels. We are obliged not to enter into any agreement for the sale or transfer of some of the hotels (other than among certain specified affiliates) unless we obtain prior written consent of the respective hotel operator. Further, we may be required to notify hotel operators of our intent to develop a new hotel in a defined area and in good faith negotiate an operating agreement for such hotel as per present or future agreements, we execute. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to fully comply with all the terms of the agreements which we have entered into in relation to our hotels. In the event that any agreement for our hotels is terminated due to our non-compliance with its terms or for any other reason, we may be subject to certain damages and may be unable to replace the operator within a reasonable time or may be required to operate the hotel on our own. In case of termination, we may be unable to benefit from the existing marketing expenditure and similar operating expenditures made by us or the hotel operators. The hotel operation contracts for our hotel, including our serviced residence, at Powai, Mumbai will be due for renewal in March 2020, and for our hotel at Mindspace, Hyderabad will be due for renewal in December 2021. Subject to other terms, these contracts stipulate that they are to be renewed six and 11 months prior to their expiry for the properties at Powai, Mumbai and Mindspace, Hyderabad respectively. If we are unable to renew such agreements or enter into new agreements in the future, on terms favourable to us, or at all, we will not be able to leverage our longstanding association with Marriott and we may have to incur additional expenditure to conduct improvements and repairs in accordance with brand standards of subsequent hotel operators. In the event an agreement is terminated prior to its tenure, or if it is not renewed, or if we are required to cease our relationship with certain hotel operators, for any reason whatsoever, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

18 

**3.** **_We utilize the brands of third party licensors, and rely on third parties for the quality of services at our hotels. Any adverse impact on the reputation of our hotels or a failure of quality control systems at our hotels could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We do not have our own hotel brand and utilize the brands of our brand licensors to market our hotels. We benefit from agreements entered into with Marriott for use of global brands such as JW Marriott, Westin, Marriott, Marriott Executive Apartments, Renaissance and Four Points by Sheraton. In the event these agreements are terminated prior to their tenure, or if not renewed, we may not have access to these brands and their loyalty programs. For example, our license agreement for our hotel at Vashi, Navi Mumbai will be due for renewal in December 2021. Further, we may seek to rebrand our hotel assets or reposition our properties by using alternate brands at our hotels. In the event we are unable to execute agreements with international brands of similar to higher positioning as our current brands, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected including due to disruptions and expenses related to such re-flagging or re-branding. 

Further, the performance and quality of services at our hotels are critical to the success of our business. As our hotels are in the luxury-upper upscale and upscale hotel segments, we are expected to provide high levels of service quality. Any incident where our hotels lack, or are perceived to lack, such standards may adversely affect our reputation. Our quality standards depend significantly on the effectiveness of quality control systems and standard operating procedures, which in turn, depend on the skills and experience of our hotels operators, our personnel, the quality of training programs, and our ability to ensure that such hotel operators and personnel adhere to stipulated policies and guidelines. Any decrease in the quality of services rendered at our hotels including due to reasons beyond our control, or on account of deficiency or inefficiency of the hotel operators, or any third party service provider, including but not limited to non-compliance with the terms and conditions set out in the agreements or arrangements with such hotel operators or third party service providers, or allegations of defects, even when false, at any of our hotel properties could tarnish the image of our hotels, result in negative reviews and feedback from our guests on online travel portals and may cause guests to choose the services of our competitors. 

We are also dependent on third party service providers for providing some of the services to our guests such as spas, manpower contracts and laundry, among others, and any failure or deficiency on the part of such service providers may adversely affect our hotels’ reputation and profitability. Any adverse development or decline in quality involving our hotels may impair our reputation, dilute the impact of branding and marketing initiatives and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **4.** **_A significant portion of our revenues are derived from a few hotels and from hotels concentrated in a few geographical regions and any adverse developments affecting such hotels or regions could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We own a portfolio of five operating hotels (including a hotel with a co-located serviced residence), representing 2,328 keys as of March 31, 2018, in Mumbai Metropolitan Region, Hyderabad and Bengaluru. Consequently, our revenues are derived from a few hotels and from hotels concentrated in a few geographical regions. Our hotel, convention center and serviced residence at Powai, Mumbai contributed to 27.51%, 31.03% and 39.17% of our revenue from operations for the financial years 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively and our hotel at Sahar, Mumbai, contributed to 27.10%, 27.78% and 25.66% of our revenue from operations for the financial years 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Further, our hotels located in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region contributed to 60.33%, 65.48% and 73.28% of our revenue from operations for the financial years 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Any decrease in revenues from these hotels, including due to increased competition or supply, or reduction in demand, in the markets in which these hotels operate, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, any significant disruption, including due to social, political or economic factors or natural calamities, epidemics or civil disruptions, impacting these hotels or these regions may adversely affect our business. Changes in the policies of the state or local governments of the regions where these hotels are located, could require us to incur significant capital expenditure and change our business strategy. We cannot assure you that we will be able to address our reliance on these few hotels and hotels located in these regions, in the future. 

19 

**5.** **_We are subject to extensive government regulation with respect to safety, health, environmental, real estate, excise and labour laws. Any non-compliance with, or changes in, regulations applicable to us may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are subject to a broad range of safety, health, environmental, real estate, excise and related laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, which impose controls on our operations. In connection with our ownership of hotels and development of properties, we are subject to various national, state and local laws and regulations relating to environmental laws. Under some of these laws, an owner of real estate property may be held liable for the costs of investigating or remediating hazardous or toxic substances or wastes on, under or in such real property. Further, a person who arranges for the disposal or treatment of a hazardous or toxic substance, or who transports such substance to or from such property, may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of such substance released into the environment at the disposal or treatment facility. The costs of investigating or remediating contamination at our properties or at properties where we sent substances or wastes for disposal, may be substantial. 

Further, government regulations and policies of India, can also impact the demand for, expenses related to and availability of our hotel services and rooms. We are also subject to regulations, which are periodically amended, including relating to the sale and service of food, alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages and hosting of events and weddings at our hotel properties. For example **,** there is a criminal proceeding initiated against our employee and our client who was hosting an event at our hotel property in Powai, Mumbai, for serving liquor without a valid permit. For details, see “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_** ” on page 569. We cannot assure you that we will not be involved in litigation or other proceedings, or be held liable in any litigation or proceedings in relation to safety, health, real estate, excise and environmental matters, the costs of which may be significant. 

The adoption of stricter health and safety laws and regulations, stricter interpretations of existing laws, increased governmental enforcement of laws or other developments in the future may require that we make additional capital expenditures, incur additional expenses or take other actions in order to remain compliant and maintain our current operations. Further, complying with, and changes in, laws and regulations or terms of approval may increase our compliance costs and adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. We are also subject to the laws and regulations governing relationships with employees in such areas as minimum wages and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, ring and termination of employees, contract labour and work permits and maintenance of regulatory or statutory records and making periodic payments. There is a risk that we may inadvertently fail to comply with such regulations, which could lead to enforced shutdowns and other sanctions imposed by the relevant authorities. Any losses that we incur in this regard could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **6.** **_Operational risks are inherent in our business as it includes rendering services at high quality standards at our hotels. A failure to manage such risks could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Certain operational risks are inherent in our businesses due to the nature of the industry in which we operate. We provide hospitality services, including food and beverage, cleaning and housekeeping, and security services, at our hotels. In rendering such services our personnel are required to adhere to regulatory requirements and standard operating procedures with regard to health, safety and hygiene and in their interaction with our guests and other members of the public. Food and beverage services require proper packaging and labelling and the careful and hygienic handling of food products, which if improperly packaged or handled may have an adverse impact on the health of our guests. Similarly, cleaning and housekeeping services involve the handling of chemicals such as cleaning solutions, which if handled improperly may have an adverse impact on the health of our employees, guests and on the environment. Consequently, our business is associated with certain safety, privacy and public health concerns. 

Failure to effectively implement corporate, crisis response, training and management policies and protocols and to adequately address and manage risks inherent in our business, or a failure to meet the requirements of our guests, or a failure to develop effective risk mitigation measures, could have an adverse effect on our hotels’ reputation, guest loyalty and consequently, our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

20 

# **7.** **_Our business is subject to seasonal and cyclical variations that could result in fluctuations in our results of operations._** 

The hotel and hospitality industry in India is subject to seasonal variations. The periods during which our hotel properties experience higher revenues vary from property to property, depending principally upon location and the guests served. Our revenues are generally higher during the second half of each financial year as compared to first half of the financial year. Seasonality affects leisure travel and the MICE sector (meetings, incentives, conferences and events) including weddings. According to the Horwath Report, the winter months are preferred for travel in India, for leisure, MICE events, management or business travel and more recently for destination weddings. Further, inbound foreign leisure travel varies more with climatic factors, such that it mainly occurs between October and March and to a lesser extent (with lower visitor profile and travel budgets) during the summer and monsoon seasons, as per the Horwath Report. This seasonality can be expected to cause quarterly fluctuations in our revenue, profit margins and net earnings. Further, the timing of opening of newly constructed hotels and the timing of any hotel acquisitions or dispositions may cause a variation of revenue and earnings from quarter to quarter. Further, the hospitality industry is subject to weekly variations. While leisure travel increases during weekends, business travel is high during the weekdays. 

Further, the hospitality industry is cyclical, and demand generally follows, on a lagged basis, key macroeconomic indicators. There is a history of increases and decreases in demand for hotel rooms, in occupancy levels and in room rates realized by owners of hotels through macro-economic cycles according to the Horwath Report. The combination of changes in economic conditions and in the supply of hotel rooms, including periods of excess supply, can result in significant volatility in results for owners and managers of hotel properties. The costs of running a hotel tend to be more fixed than variable. As a result, in an environment of declining revenues the rate of decline in profits can be higher than the rate of decline in revenues. 

As a result of such seasonal fluctuations, our room rates, sales and results of operations of a given half of the financial year may not be reliable indicators of the sales or results of operations of the other half of the financial year or of our future performance. 

# **8.** **_We are exposed to risks associated with the development of our hotel properties and commercial and retail projects. Delays in the constructions of new buildings or improvements on our properties may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our development pipeline consists of 410 rooms across two hotels as well as approximately 1.12 million square feet of built-up commercial space across two projects. Certain of our projects are being developed on land parcels contiguous to or adjoining existing hotels or projects. The development of such projects may impact regular business operations at the hotels or projects located in their proximity. 

We classify projects for which land is owned by us together with relevant agreements or memorandum of understanding having been executed for such use; relevant construction approvals have been applied for; and our preliminary design plans are complete, as projects under development. Development and construction of projects subject us to inherent development risks, including: 

- the identification of, conducting diligence on and ascertaining title rights associated with suitable strategically located properties and the acquisition of such properties on favourable terms; 

- competition from other real estate owner and developers, which may increase the purchase price of a desired property; 

- insufficient cash from operations, or an inability to obtain the necessary debt or equity financing on satisfactory terms, to consummate an acquisition or a development project; 

- availability, terms and conditions associated with and timely receipt of zoning and other regulatory approvals, the denial of which could delay or prevent placing a hotel or commercial and retail projects into operation; 

21 

- the cost and timely completion of construction (including unanticipated risks beyond our control, such as weather conditions or labour suspension, shortages of materials or labour and construction cost overruns);our dependency on the third parties whom we contract to construct our hotels or commercial and retail projects, including their ability to meet construction timing, quality and budget expectations; 

- design or construction defects that could result in additional costs associated with repair, delay or the closing of part or all of a property during such repair period; 

- the resulting lack of capitalization on any investment related to identifying and valuing development opportunities, should we subsequently decide to abandon such opportunities; and 

- the ability to achieve an acceptable level of occupancy or tenancy upon completion of construction. 

In the event we experience delays in the delivery of the construction works and design and engineering services for our new buildings or improvements for our existing buildings or if our contractors fail to comply with their obligations under their respective agreements, we will not be able to start operations until completion of the construction of new buildings or improvements on our existing properties. Further, the consents and approvals which we may require to develop and construct our hotels or commercial and retail projects may impose conditions with respect to the height, number of rooms or leasable area, security features and other operational aspects of our hotels and commercial and retail projects. These risks could result in substantial unanticipated delays or expenses as well alteration to the design and operational parameters of our properties. Under certain circumstances, these risks could prevent completion of development or redevelopment projects once undertaken, resulting in capital expenditure incurred and investments made being written off or making the project less profitable than originally estimated, or not profitable at all, and therefore have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**9.** **_Our hotel located at Vashi, Navi Mumbai is subject matter of a litigation with City & Industrial Development Corporation of Maharashtra Limited (“CIDCO”). Any adverse order by the Supreme Court of India in this matter may result in a direction to demolish our hotel, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our hotel located at Vashi, Navi Mumbai is situated on leasehold land allotted to our Promoter, K Raheja Corp Private Limited (“ **KRCPL** ”) by CIDCO. Agreements entered into by us in this regard provide that the possession of the land would be handed over to us on receipt of occupancy certificate for the premises. The premises after receipt of the occupation certificate, were handed over to us, and we have been operating our hotel since then. In terms of the agreements, we are entitled to use, occupy and operate our hotel at the premises. 

The allotment of the land to KRCPL by CIDCO was challenged in two public interest litigations filed before the High Court of Bombay (“ **High Court** ”). The High Court held the allotment to be illegal, arbitrary and in violation of Article 14 of the Constitution of India and directed KRCPL to hand over vacant possession of the land to CIDCO within a period of six months from November 2014. KRCPL filed a special leave petition dated January 8, 2015 (“ **SLP** ”) before the Supreme Court of India (“ **Supreme Court** ”) against the order of the High Court. The Supreme Court has directed the parties to maintain status-quo and a SLP is currently pending before the Supreme Court. For more details, see “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_** ” on page 569. Any adverse order by the Supreme Court directing demolition of our hotel and handing over possession of the premises to CIDCO may adversely affect our reputation, business and results of operations. 

**10.** **_Our residential project at Koramangala, Bengaluru  is the subject matter of litigation with Hindustan Aeronautics Limited. Any adverse order in relation to this litigation may adversely affect our ability to complete the project, and our business, results of operations and reputation._** 

We own a property situated at Koramangala Industrial Layout, Bengaluru, where we are constructing a residential complex (the “ **Property** ” and the residential complex, the “ **Koramangala Project** ”). The Property is located within the proximity of an aerodrome operated by the Hindustan Aeronautics Limited 

22 

(“ **HAL** ”). HAL is responsible for the issuance of no-objection certificates (“ **NOC** ”) related to the height of structures in the vicinity of the aerodrome. Accordingly, we were required to submit a report to HAL and also obtain their NOC in respect of the permissible height of the Koramangala Project. HAL granted their NOC dated October 28, 2011 for the development of a 17 floor residential building with height up to 62 meters on the basis of which we had started development of the Koramangala Project and have allotted apartments to several customers. Thereafter, the NOC granted was cancelled by HAL on August 16, 2013. At the time of such cancellation of the NOC, five wings with 17 floors had been constructed up to the height of 62 meters and more than 200 apartments had been allocated by us to our customers. 

We filed a writ petition before the Karnataka High Court challenging HAL’s action cancelling the NOC, for directing HAL to permit us to construct up to the maximum height and further direct HAL to revalidate the NOC for a further period of five years from the date of the final order. Further, several customers of our Company have got themselves impleaded as respondents in the writ petition filed by us. The Karnataka High Court passed an interim order dated October 23, 2013 directing us not to modify/alter/renovate/develop the Property above 40 meters from ground level and further directed us not to sell or agree to sell or enter into an agreement with third parties in any manner whatsoever in respect of any portion of the Property above 40 meters. The Karnataka High Court passed a further order dated July 31, 2014 and an order dated November 5, 2015 directing the Airport Authority of India (“ **AAI** ”) to conduct an aeronautical study of the Bengaluru aerodrome as per the notified parameters of HAL airport and the requisite government notification. The AAI issued its report dated January 27, 2016 confirming that full height of the completed building-wings up-till then was permissible as it did not adversely affect aircraft operations. The writ petition is currently pending before the Karnataka High Court. For more details, see “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_** ” on page 569. 

Further, our Company has registered the Koramangala Project under the Real Estate (Regulation and Development) Act, 2016 (“ **RERA** ”) on a without prejudice basis and has also informed the Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike (“ **BBMP** ”) as well as the customers of our Company about the writ petition. We have requested the BBMP for an extension of the validity period of the building sanction plan for the Koramangala Project. For our customers, we have also introduced a mitigation program. As part of the mitigation program, we offered the customers who had been allotted apartments an option either to sell the allotted apartment back to our Company or to continue with the Koramangala Project, and accept certain goodwill compensation. Some customers have exited the Koramangala Project whereas other customers have continued to hold their allocations and have accepted the goodwill compensation offered by us under the mitigation program. 

In order to meet the costs, expenses and liabilities pertaining to the Koramangala Project, Ravi C. Raheja, Neel C. Raheja, K. Raheja Corp Private Limited and Ivory Properties and Hotels Private Limited, Promoters of our Company, have subscribed through a Subscription Agreement dated June 4, 2018 to 10,000 (zero percent) non-cumulative non-convertible redeemable preference shares (“ **Series A Zero Coupon NCRPS** “) and 10,000 (zero percent) non-cumulative non-convertible redeemable preference shares (“ **Series B Zero Coupon NCRPS** “) issued by our Company to provide funds as required by our Company in connection with all costs, expenses and liabilities pertaining to the development of the Koramangala Project. In accordance with the terms and conditions of the Subscription Agreement, the Promoters of our Company shall undertake to bear costs for all expenditure including cost of completion of the Koramangala Project, any litigation and other penalties arising out of it until the completion of the Koramangala Project (“ **Project Costs** ”). In case, the Project Costs exceeds the initial subscription amount, our Company may require the Promoters to pay such further amounts towards call money relating to the Series A Zero Coupon NCRPS and Series B Zero Coupon NCRPS as and when calls are made by the Company to meet such Project Costs. For more details of the Share Subscription Agreement, please see “ **_History and Other Corporate Matters- Material Agreements_** ”. 

In the event that the Karnataka High Court passes an adverse order, our Company will not be in a position to complete the Koramangala Project up to the intended height of 62 meters and may have to demolish the existing construction in excess of 40 meters. Further, we may also be subjected to penalties under RERA for non-completion of the Koramangala Project within the specified timelines, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operation and reputation. 

23 

# **11.** **_Low occupancy levels of our leased retail and commercial office space or lower footfalls at our retail malls may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition._** 

We derive lease and rental income from the lease of our commercial and retail projects in Bengaluru and Mumbai. Our commercial and retail projects accounted for 2.69%, 1.91% and 0.13% of our revenue from operations for the financial years 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The amount that we receive in rental income is based upon the amount of space we have leased, the minimum guaranteed amount we charge for that leased space and our share of revenues from the clients to whom we have leased such space. The occupancy, revenue share and minimum guaranteed amount depend on various factors including the location and design of the project, the retail client mix, prevailing economic conditions and competition. During the financial years 2018 and 2017, our aggregate average occupancy levels at our commercial and retail projects were 92.34% and 90.16% respectively. Future inability on our part to maintain and attract clients to lease our completed retail and commercial office projects may have an adverse effect on our revenues, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, risk of lower footfalls in our retail malls may adversely affect our revenues, business and results of operations. Various factors may affect customer profile and footfalls in both our existing retail malls and any new retails malls we acquire or develop, including location and floor layout for new retail developments and regional economy, amongst others, specific to the states in which we operate in. In addition, we believe that to successfully operate our retail developments and commercial office projects we need to have the ability to forecast demand, as well as enter into operating and branding relationships with popular retail clients. A decline in consumer and retail spending or a decrease in the popularity of the retail clients’ business could cause retail clients to cease operations or experience significant financial difficulties that could harm our ability to continue to attract successful retail clients and visitors to our retail developments, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**12.** **_We have a large number of personnel or third party service providers deployed across our hotels, consequently we may be exposed to service related claims and losses or employee disruptions that could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We deploy a large workforce across our hotels. As of March 31, 2018, we had 2,402 permanent employees across our operations. In addition to our permanent employees, we utilize 524 personnel engaged on a contractual basis. The risks associated with the utilization of a large number of personnel include possible claims relating to: 

- actions, inactions, errors or malicious acts by our personnel or third party service providers, including matters for which we may have to indemnify the guests at our hotels; 

- failure of our personnel or third party service providers to adequately perform their duties including rendering deficient services, shortage in shift, absenteeism or lateness; 

- 

   - violation by personnel of security, privacy, health and safety regulations and procedures; 

- any failure to adequately verify personnel backgrounds and qualifications resulting in deficient services; 

- injury or damages to any guest’s person or property due to negligence of our personnel or third party service providers; 

- criminal acts including sexual harassment, torts or other negligent acts by our personnel or third party service providers; and 

- use of third party vehicles resulting in accidents. 

These claims may give rise to litigation and claims for damages, which could be time-consuming. These claims may also result in negative publicity and adversely impact the reputation of our hotels. We may also be affected in our operations by the acts of third parties, including sub-contractors and service providers. Any losses that we incur in this regard may have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

24 

# **13.** **_We are exposed to a variety of risks associated with safety, security and crisis management._** 

We are committed to ensure the safety and security of our guests, employees and assets against natural and man-made threats. These include, but are not limited to, exceptional events such as extreme weather, civil or political unrest, violence and terrorism, serious and organized crime, fraud, employee dishonesty, cybercrime, pandemics, fire and day-to-day accidents, incidents, health crises of guests and petty crime which impact the guest or employee experience, could cause loss of life, sickness or injury and result in compensation claims, fines from regulatory bodies, litigation and impact our reputation. Further, the terror attacks in Mumbai in November 2008 combined with the global financial crisis led to a decline in foreign tourist arrivals in India in the financial year 2009, while foreign tourist arrival growth was slower in the year 2013 due to security concerns around women’s safety, combined with a slowing economy, according to the Horwath Report. Serious incidents or a combination of events could escalate into a crisis which, if managed poorly, could further expose us and our hotels to significant reputational damage. 

Any accidents or any criminal activity at our hotel properties may result in personal injury or loss of life, substantial damage to or destruction of property and equipment resulting in the suspension of operations. Any of the foregoing could subject us to litigation, which may increase our expenses in the event we are found liable, and could adversely affect our reputation and cause a loss of consumer confidence in our business. For example, in the year 2015 a police complaint was lodged against a certain employee at our hotel property at Powai, Mumbai, on the grounds of causing death by negligence as a result of death by drowning of one of our guests in the hotel swimming pool. For details, see “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_** ” on page 569. Such events occurring at any one of our hotel properties may also have an adverse effect on our reputation and may also adversely affect operations of our other properties. 

# **14.** **_We, as well as our Promoters, Group Companies and certain of our Directors are involved in certain legal proceedings. Any adverse outcome in any of these proceedings may adversely affect our profitability, reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our Company, Group Companies, Directors and Promoters are involved in certain legal proceedings, which are pending at varying levels of adjudication at different fora. The summary of the outstanding matters set out below includes details of criminal proceedings, tax proceedings, statutory and regulatory actions and other material pending litigation involving our Company, Group Companies, Directors and Promoters. All pending litigation involving our Company, Promoters, Directors and Group Companies, other than criminal proceedings, statutory or regulatory actions and taxation matters, are considered material if the monetary amount of claim by or against the entity or person in any such pending matter is in excess of ₹ 10 million or if an adverse outcome of any such litigation could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, operations, financial position or reputation. 

|**S.**<br>**No.**|**Name of Entity**|**Criminal**<br>**Proceedings**|**Tax**<br>**proceedings**|**Statutory/**<br>**Regulatory**<br>**proceedings**|**Material**<br>**civil**<br>**litigation**|**Aggregate**<br>**amount**<br>**involved**<sup>**#**</sup><br>(_₹ in million)_|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|1.|**Company**||||||
||Bythe Company*|3|-|-|4|42.73|
||Against the Company|9|21|25|2|462.24|
|2.|**Promoters**||||||
||Bythe Promoters|1|-|-|26|2,407.01|
||Against the Promoters|5|21|27|27|24,036.41|
|3.|**Group Companies**||||||
||By the Group<br>Companies|8|-|-|13|2.66|
||Against the Group<br>Companies|6|64|42|23|1,807.59|
|4.|**Directors (other than**<br>**Promoter)**||||||
||Bythe Directors|-|-|-|-|NIL|
||Against the Directors|4|-|1|-|NIL|
||**Total**|**36**|**106**|**95**|**95**|**28,758.64**|



# To the extent quantifiable. 

25 

*Our Company has initiated 6 proceedings before the relevant authorities in relation to refund of indirect taxes aggregating to ₹ 25.16 million. These proceedings are not included in the above table. 

Involvement in such proceedings could divert our management’s time and attention, and consume financial resources. Further, an adverse judgment in these proceedings could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. For further details, in relation to the proceedings involving our Company, Group Companies, Promoters and Directors, see “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_** ” on page 569. 

We cannot assure you that any of these outstanding litigation matters will be settled in our favour or in favour of our Promoters or Group Companies or Directors, as applicable, or that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. 

# **15.** **_Any adverse development in the writ petition filed by our Promoter Directors, Ravi C. Raheja and Neel C. Raheja before the Karnataka High Court against the Registrar of Companies, Bengaluru in connection with the inclusion of their names in the list of disqualified directors under section 164(2)(a) of the Companies Act, 2013 may affect their ability to continue on the Board of our Company, and on the board of directors of our Subsidiary and Group Companies, and thus, may have an adverse effect on our business and reputation._** 

The names of two of our Directors, Ravi C. Raheja and Neel C. Raheja, who are also our Company’s Promoters, have been included in the list published on the official website of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs as persons disqualified by the Registrar of Companies, Bengaluru for appointment as directors under section 164(2)(a) of the Companies Act, 2013 for the period from November 1, 2014 to October 31, 2019 and November 1, 2015 to October 31, 2020. The said disqualification is in relation to non-filing of financial statements or annual returns for a continuous period of three financial years by K. Raheja Hotels and Estates Private Limited (which is a private company). The said Directors, Ravi C. Raheja and Neel C. Raheja, through their letters dated February 17, 2014 (which is prior to their incurring any disqualification under the provisions of Companies Act 2013 and also prior to the provisions of the Companies Act 2013 becoming applicable to private companies) to the Registrar of Companies, Bengaluru had already resigned as Directors of K. Raheja Hotels and Estates Private Limited. K. Raheja Hotels and Estates Private Limited is an entity which is a part of the Southern Undivided Entities and is marked as “having management dispute” under an order dated August 10, 2011 passed by the Company Law Board, Chennai. For more details, see “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Other Material DevelopmentsLitigation involving Ravi C. Raheja_** ”. 

Our Directors, Ravi C. Raheja and Neel C. Raheja have filed a writ petition before the Karnataka High Court against the Registrar of Companies, Bengaluru to stay the operation of the disqualifications and any other consequential action pursuant to the publication of the disqualification lists under section 164(2)(a) of the Companies Act, 2013. Through an interim order dated June 15, 2018, the Karnataka High Court has stayed the disqualification of Promoter Directors to act as directors. Any adverse development in the writ petition which may affect their ability to continue on the Board of our Company or on the board of directors of our Subsidiary or Group Companies may have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. For further details, see “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments- Litigation involving Ravi C. Raheja”._** 

# **16.** **_Our operations are dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, including our key senior management and any inability on our part to do so, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our operations are dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel since we aim to provide our guests with high levels of service. While we believe that we currently have adequate qualified personnel for our operations, we may not be able to continuously attract or retain such personnel, or retain them on acceptable terms, given the demand for such personnel. Competition for qualified personnel with relevant industry expertise in India is intense and the loss of the services of our key personnel may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may require a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when qualified personnel terminate their employment with our Company. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting employees that our business requires. 

26 

Further, our performance depends largely on the efforts and abilities of our Promoters, including Mr. Ravi C. Raheja and Mr. Neel C. Raheja and senior management, including, Managing Director and CEO, Mr. Sanjay Sethi and our Executive Director and CFO, Mr. Rajeev Newar as well as other Key Managerial Personnel. We believe that the inputs and experience of our senior management and key managerial personnel are valuable for the development of business and operations and the strategic directions taken by our Company. We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain these employees or find adequate replacements in a timely manner, or at all. Any inability on our part to attract and retain qualified personnel and senior management could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**17.** **_We have incurred indebtedness which requires significant cash flows to service, and limits our ability to operate freely. We will continue to have indebtedness and debt service obligations following the Offer._** 

As on May 31, 2018, we had outstanding secured borrowings (excluding interest) of ₹ 26,309.95 million and unsecured borrowings (excluding interest) of ₹ 919.99 million on a consolidated basis. We may also incur additional indebtedness in the future. Our current or future level of leverage could have significant consequences for our shareholders and our future financial results and business prospects, including: 

- increasing our vulnerability to a downturn in business in India and other factors which may adversely affect our operations; 

- requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service debt, thereby reducing the availability of cash-flows to fund capital expenditures and growth initiatives, meet working capital requirements and use for other general corporate purposes or make dividend payouts; 

- limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; 

- placing us at a competitive disadvantage to any of our competitors that have less debt; 

- increasing our interest expenditure; 

- requiring us to meet additional financial covenants; and 

- limiting our ability to raise additional funds or refinance existing indebtedness. 

We cannot assure you that our business will generate cash in an amount sufficient to enable us to service our debt or proposed borrowings or fund other liquidity needs. In addition, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our debt on or before maturity. We cannot assure you that we will be able to refinance any of our debt on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 

For more information regarding our indebtedness, see the Section titled “ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Indebtedness_** ” and “ **_Financial Indebtedness_** ” on pages 537 and 566, respectively, of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **18.** **_Our inability to meet our obligations, including financial and other covenants under our debt financing arrangements could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our financing agreements contain certain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to undertake certain types of actions, any of which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. Our Company and/or our Subsidiaries, as applicable, are required to obtain prior written consent from lenders for, among other things: 

- change in shareholding control or management control without prior consent of the lender, as applicable; 

- undertake or permit any amalgamation, demerger, merger, consolidation, scheme of arrangement or compromise with the shareholders or creditors; 

27 

- changing or altering capital structure; 

- declaration or payment of dividend in case of event of default in payment of dues; 

- raising of new loans against the security provided to existing lender; 

- making any amendments to the memorandum and articles of our Company or our Subsidiary, as applicable; and 

- reduction of shareholding of promoter group below 51% of our Company. 

In addition, certain terms of our borrowings require us to maintain financial ratios, which are tested periodically, including on a quarterly or annual basis. In the event we breach any financial or other covenants contained in any of our financing arrangements, we may be required to immediately repay our borrowings either in whole or in part, together with any related costs. Any future failure to satisfactorily comply with any condition or covenant under our financing agreements (including technical defaults) may lead to a termination of one or more of our credit facilities, acceleration of amounts due under such facilities, and enforcement of events of default as well as cross-defaults under certain of our other financing agreements, any of which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We have in the past breached certain financial and sanction covenants with respect to five facilities that were availed by us. However, we have received letters from the lenders that have waived off the breach in relation to the financial covenant and letters which confirm that the Company has taken corrective actions in the form that were acceptable and no actions have triggered an event of default. For more details, see the Section titled “ **_History and Certain Corporate Matters – Defaults or rescheduling of borrowings with financial institutions/banks, conversion of loans into equity by the Company_** ” on page 175. 

Further, we have granted security interests over certain of our assets, including our hotels and charge over operating cash flows and book debts, in order to secure our borrowings, and any failure to satisfy our obligations under such borrowings could lead to the forced sale and seizure of such assets, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further details of our indebtedness, see “ **_Financial Indebtedness_** ” on page 566. 

# **19.** **_The hotel industry is intensely competitive and our inability to compete effectively may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The hotel industry in India is intensely competitive and we compete with large multinational and Indian companies, in each of the regions that we operate. Some of our competitors may develop alliances to compete against us or have more financial and other resources. We cannot assure you that new or existing competitors will not significantly lower rates or offer greater convenience, services or amenities or significantly expand or improve facilities in a market in which we operate. We may also face increased competition from internet-based homestay and hostel aggregators and alternative accommodation options such as luxury homestays and bed and breakfasts. 

Our success is largely dependent upon our ability to compete in areas such as room rates, location of the property, the quality and scope of other amenities, including food and beverage facilities, quality of accommodation and service level as well as the brand recognition of our hospitality partners. In addition, our competitors may significantly increase their advertising expenses to promote their hotels, which may require us to similarly increase our advertising and marketing expenses and change our pricing strategies, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. As a result, we cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against our existing or potential competitors or that our business and results of operations will not be adversely affected by increased competition. 

# **20.** **_We have in the past entered into related party transactions which may potentially involve conflicts of interest._** 

We have entered into various transactions with related parties, including for the purposes of acquisition of land by sub-lease; provision of goods and services; non-exclusive and limited license use of 

28 

trademarks; use and occupation of licensed premises; support services; and provision of repairs and maintenance services. See “ **_Summary Financial Information – Restated Standalone Statement of Related Party Transactions and Balances_** ” beginning on page 240. 

We cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. Such related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest which may be detrimental to the interest of our Company. For details on our related party transactions, see “ **_Related Party Transactions_** ” on page 239. We cannot assure you that such related party transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will always be in the best interests of our shareholders and will not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**21.** **_Land title in India can be uncertain and we may not be able to identify or correct defects or irregularities in title to the land which we own or intend to acquire in connection with the development or acquisition of new hotels or properties._** 

There is no central title registry for real property in India and the documentation of land records in India has not been fully computerized. Property records in India are generally maintained at the state and district level and in local languages, and are updated manually through physical records. Therefore, property records may not be available online for inspection or updated in a timely manner, may be illegible, untraceable, incomplete or inaccurate in certain respects, or may have been kept in poor condition, which may impede title investigations or our ability to rely on such property records. In addition, there may be a discrepancy between the duration of the principal lease under different orders issued by state governments in respect of a particular parcel of revenue land. Furthermore, title to land in India is often fragmented, and in many cases, land may have multiple owners. 

The difficulty of obtaining title guarantees in India means that title records provide only for presumptive rather than guaranteed title. The original title to lands may often be fragmented and the land may have multiple owners. In addition, title insurance is not commercially available in India to guarantee title or development rights in respect of land. The absence of title insurance, coupled with the difficulties in verifying title to land, may increase our exposure to third party claims to the property. Title may also suffer from irregularities, such as non-execution or non-registration of conveyance deeds and inadequate stamping, and may be subjected to encumbrances that we are unaware of. Any defects in, or irregularities of, title that we enjoy may prejudice our ability to continue to operate our hotels and commercial and real estate projects on such land and require us to write off substantial expenditures in respect of establishing such properties. 

Further, improperly executed, unregistered or insufficiently stamped conveyance instruments in a property’s chain of title, unregistered encumbrances in favour of third parties, rights of adverse possessors, ownership claims of family members of prior owners or third parties, or other defects that a purchaser may not be aware of can affect title to a property. Consequently, any acquisition of the land made by us is subject to risks and potential liabilities arising from inaccuracy of such information. Such inaccurate information and any defects or irregularities of title may result in the loss of title or development rights over the land, and the cancellation of our development plan in respect of such land. As a result, potential disputes or claims over title to the land on which our hotels are or will be situated may arise. The title to the land on which our hotel Four Points by Sheraton Navi Mumbai, Vashi is situated is subject to an ongoing litigation. For details, see “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_** ” on page 569. Also, such disputes, whether resolved in our favour or not, may divert management’s attention, harm our reputation or otherwise disrupt our business. 

**22.** **_In the event that we are unable to acquire lands for which we have entered into agreements to sell or similar arrangements, or the agreements to sell or similar agreements are held to be invalid or expire, then we may not be able to acquire the land and may also lose advances paid towards acquisition of such lands._** 

As part of our land acquisition process, we enter into agreements to sell or similar arrangements with third parties prior to the transfer or conveyance of title to parcels of land to ensure that the sellers of the land satisfy certain conditions within the stipulated time frame specified under these agreements. Upon entering into such agreements to sell, we are required to pay these landowners certain advances towards the purchase of the lands. These agreements also provide that the lands must be conveyed in our favour 

29 

within a prescribed period of time. In the event that we are not able to acquire the lands covered by these agreements to sell, we may not be able to recover all, or part of the advance monies related to these lands. Further, in the event that these agreements to sell are either invalid or have expired, we may lose the right to acquire these lands and also may not be able to recover the advances made in relation to the land. Also, any indecisiveness or delay on our part to perform our obligations under these agreements may jeopardize our ability to acquire these lands before these agreements expire. Additionally, any failure to renew any of these agreements on similar terms or recover the advanced monies from the relevant counterparties following the expiration of the initial term of such agreement could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot assure you that such lands will be conveyed to us, that we will be successful in acquiring them or that we will be successful in registering them in our name or the name of our Subsidiary. 

# **23.** **_We are subject to risks relating to owning real estate assets._** 

We are subject to risks that generally relate to real estate assets due to the hotel properties and commercial and real estate projects we own. Regulations and interest rates can make it more expensive and timeconsuming to develop real property or expand, modify or renovate hotels or commercial and real estate projects. Changes in local markets or neighbourhoods may diminish the value of the real estate assets we hold. Real estate assets may not be as liquid as certain other types of assets, and this lack of liquidity may limit our ability to react promptly to changes in economic, market or other conditions. Our ability to dispose of real estate assets, if required, on advantageous terms depends on factors beyond our control, including competition from other sellers, demand from potential buyers and the availability of attractive financing for potential buyers. We cannot predict the various market conditions affecting real estate assets that may exist at any particular time in the future. Due to the uncertainty of market conditions that may affect the future disposition of our real estate assets, we cannot assure you that we will be able to sell our real estate assets at a profit in the future, if required. 

# **24.** **_As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus there are family disputes between some of our Promoters and the G. L. Raheja family as a result of which there could arise, from time to time, claims and counterclaims, between some of our Promoters and the G. L. Raheja family. Further, there are several litigation, pending at different forums in relation to the family separation arrangement and any adverse decision in relation to any of the matters may have an adverse effect on our reputation._** 

Our Promoters, Ravi C. Raheja and Neel C. Raheja, are involved in certain family disputes with G.L. Raheja family in relation to the division of properties and management of certain entities forming part of K Raheja Corp group. C.L. Raheja (father of Ravi C. Raheja and Neel C. Raheja) and the late G.L. Raheja had entered into various agreements to split or partition all entities and assets of the K. Raheja Corp Group between them. However, the separation and distribution of certain properties and entities, remained unresolved due to the differences between the groups. The G.L. Raheja family filed various suits in respect of the family arrangement against Ravi C. Raheja, Neel C. Raheja and others. Ravi C. Raheja and Neel C. Raheja have also filed suits against the G.L. Raheja family. For more details, see “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_** ” on page 569. Any adverse decision by the courts in relation to any of these family litigations may have an adverse effect on our reputation. 

# **25.** **_Our financing agreements entail interest at variable rates and any increases in interest rates may adversely affect our results of operations._** 

The interest rate for borrowings excluding preference capital of ` 160 million availed by us, aggregating to ₹ 27,093.09 million as of March 31, 2018, is expressed as the base rate or marginal cost of funds based lending rate of a specified lender or London Interbank Offering Rate and interest spread, which is variable to each Lender. Further, our financing agreements include provisions providing for interest rates to be periodically reset, or changed based on the lender’s internal policies. We are susceptible to fluctuations in interest rates and associated risks. As such, any increase in interest rates may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. See “ **_Financial Indebtedness_** ” on page 566 for a description of the range of interest typically payable under our financing agreements. 

**26.** **_Our operations entail certain fixed costs and recurring costs, and our inability to reduce such costs during periods of low demand for our services may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

30 

Our operations entail certain fixed costs such as costs incurred towards the maintenance of our hotel properties, employee related costs, property taxes as well as certain significant recurring costs such as utility expenses and insurance payments. Further, the agreements we have entered into with Marriott, generally include agreed periodic payments at fixed rates. We may also have to incur costs towards periodic re-designing, re-structuring, refurbishing or repair of defects at our hotels. The costs of running a hotel tend to be more fixed than variable. The hotel industry experiences changes in demand and supply, which we may not be able to predict accurately. Consequently, we may be unable to reduce fixed and recurring costs in a timely manner, or at all, in response to a reduction in the demand for our services. Further, our hotel properties and commercial and real estate projects may be subject to an increase in operating and other expenses in the event of increases in property and other tax rates, increase in utility costs due to increase in electricity or water supply charges, insurance costs, repairs and maintenance and administrative expenses, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **27.** **_We may be unable to successfully grow our business in new markets in India, which may adversely affect our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We seek to diversify our geographical footprint, to reduce our exposure to local, seasonal and cyclical fluctuations and to access a more diversified guest base across geographies. We intend to strengthen and expand our portfolio to newer geographies across India which typically attract significant traffic from business and leisure travellers. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to grow our business in these markets. Inability to access infrastructure, certain logistical challenges in these regions and our relative inexperience with certain newer markets, may prevent us from expanding our presence in these regions. 

Further, we may be unable to compete effectively with the services of our competitors who are already established in these regions. Our expansion plans may also result in increased advertising and marketing expenditure and challenges caused by distance, language and cultural differences. Also, demand for our services may not grow as anticipated in certain newer markets. If we are unable to grow our business in such markets effectively, our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

# **28.** **_Our business derives a portion of its revenue from corporate customers, and the loss of such customers, the deterioration of their financial condition or prospects, or a reduction in their demand for our services could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our hotel operations are dependent on our corporate customers, including large corporate key accounts such as information technology companies, airlines, multi-national corporations, consultancy firms and banks, for a portion of revenues. Any reduction in growth or a slow-down in the business of our customers in India, could result in a reduction of their requirement for our services, and result in a significant decrease in the revenues we derive from these customers. The loss of one or more of our significant customers or a reduction in the amount of business we obtain from them could have an adverse effect on our business, and thus our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Further, corporate customers may be able to negotiate better or more favourable terms or discounts compared to bookings made through direct channels or online travel agents. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain historic levels of business from such significant customers in the future. 

# **29.** **_Demand for rooms in our hotels or our conferencing and meeting facilities may be adversely affected by the increased use of business-related technology or change in preference of our corporate customers._** 

The increased use of teleconference and video-conference technology by businesses could result in decreased business travel as companies increase the use of technologies that allow multiple parties from different locations to participate at meetings without traveling to a centralized meeting location, such as our hotels. To the extent that such technologies play an increased role in day-to-day business and the necessity for business-related travel decreases, demand for our hotel rooms or our conferencing and meeting facilities may decrease from business travellers and corporate customers. Similarly, changes in business spending and preferences of our corporate customers due to evolving cost of travel, spending habits and budgeting patterns may lead to a change in the perceived attractiveness of our hotels, services and the locations at which our hotels are situated. 

31 

**30.** **_A portion of our hotel bookings originate from online travel agents and intermediaries. In the event such companies continue to gain market share compared to direct booking channels or our competitors are able to negotiate more favourable terms with such online travel agents and intermediaries, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

A portion of bookings for our hotels originate from large multinational, regional and local online travel agents and intermediaries, such as online aggregators, with whom we have contractual arrangements and to whom we pay commissions. These third-parties, including online travel agents, offer a wide breadth of services, often across multiple brands, have growing booking and review capabilities, and may create the perception that they offer the lowest prices when compared to our direct booking channels. Some of these online travel agents and intermediaries have strong marketing budgets and aim to create brand awareness and brand loyalty among consumers and may seek to commoditize hotel brands through price and attribute comparison. In the event these companies continue to gain market share, they may impact our profitability, undermine direct booking channels and online web presence and may be able to increase commission rates and negotiate other favourable contract terms. Negative reviews and feedback on online travel portals may cause guests to choose the services of our competitors. Further, our competitors may be able to negotiate better or more favourable terms with such online travel agents and intermediaries, impacting our hotel bookings from these channels, which in turn may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

# **31.** **_Our Statutory Auditors have included certain matters of emphasis in their report on our Restated Summary Financial Information._** 

Our Statutory Auditors examination reports in respect of Restated Standalone Summary Financial Information and Restated Consolidated Summary Financial Information includes a certain emphasis of matter, which does not require any corrective adjustments in the financial information. 

Such emphasis of matter is detailed in the Statutory Auditors’ examination report in relation to the Restated Standalone Summary Financial Information and Restated Consolidated Summary Financial Information. For further details, see “ **_Summary Financial Information_** _”_ on page 240 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

We cannot assure you that our Statutory Auditors reports for any future fiscal periods will not contain qualifications, remarks, comments or emphasis of matter or that such qualifications, remarks, comments or emphasis of matter will not require any adjustment in our financial statements for such future periods or otherwise affect our results of operations in such future periods. 

# **32.** **_Any failure of our information technology systems could adversely affect our business and our operations._** 

We utilize information technology systems that support our business processes, including centralised software and systems such as reservations systems and property management systems of our hotel operators and their affiliates. These systems may be susceptible to outages due to fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, natural disasters, break-ins and similar events. Effective response to such disruptions will require effort and diligence on the part of our third-party vendors and employees to avoid any adverse effect to our information technology systems. 

In addition, our systems and proprietary data stored electronically, including our guests’ sensitive personal and financial information, may be vulnerable to computer viruses, cybercrime, computer hacking and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering. Such technology systems may also be vulnerable to ransomware attacks, which may block or restrict access to these systems and impair their functionality, unless certain ransom money is paid. If such unauthorized use of our systems were to occur, data related to our guests and other proprietary information could be compromised. The occurrence of any such events could adversely affect our business, interrupt our operations, subject us to increased operating costs and expose us to litigation. We are also dependent on third party vendors for providing some of the services to our guests such as internet and television, among others, and any failure or deficiency on the part of such vendors may adversely affect our reputation, brand perception and results of operations. 

32 

**33.** **_In the event we or our hotel operators fail to obtain, maintain or renew our statutory and regulatory licenses, permits and approvals required to operate our business, including in respect of which we have made relevant applications that are currently pending, including due to any default on the part of the owners of the properties we lease and manage, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

Our operations are subject to extensive government regulations and we or our hotel operators are required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory permits and approvals under central, state and local government rules in India, generally for carrying out our business and for each of our hotel properties including, without limitation, sanction of building plans, occupation certificates, trade licenses, FSSAI registrations, shops and establishments registrations, star classifications and reclassifications for hotels, licenses to sell liquor and environmental approvals and clearances. For details of approvals relating to our business and operations, see “ **_Government and Other Approvals_** ” on page 606. 

While we have obtained a number of approvals required for our operations, certain key approvals for which we have submitted applications are currently pending. We are also in the process of applying for the renewal of certain key approvals. In addition, we may need to apply for more approvals, including the renewal of approvals which may expire from time to time, and approvals in the ordinary course of business. For example, the consent to operate issued by the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board and 5- star classification issued by Government of India - Department of Tourism (H&R Division) for our hotel at Vashi, Navi Mumbai have expired. While we have made applications for renewal of these approvals, we cannot assure that the approvals shall be renewed. Any inability to renew these approvals may have an adverse effect on the operations of our hotel. For further details on pending approvals, see “ **_Government and Other Approvals_** ” on page 606. 

We cannot assure you that such approvals will be issued or granted to us, or at all. If we fail to obtain or retain any of these approvals or licenses or renewals thereof, in a timely manner or at all, our business may be adversely affected. In addition, we require the co-operation and assistance of the hotel operators in order to apply for and renew such approvals and permits in a timely manner. Any failure on the part of the hotel operators to render cooperation and undertake the necessary actions to obtain and renew such approvals, may adversely impact the operations at our hotels. 

Further, the approvals required by us are subject to numerous conditions and we cannot assure you that these would not be suspended or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business. 

# **34.** **_If we pursue a strategy of expansion through acquisition of hotels or properties, we may not be able to successfully consummate favourable transactions or such transactions may not yield intended results or achieve expected returns and other benefits._** 

From time to time, we may evaluate potential acquisition of hotels or properties that would further our strategic objectives. However, we may not be able to identify suitable hotels or properties, consummate a transaction on terms that are favourable to us, or achieve expected returns and other benefits. Hotels or properties acquired by us may not be profitable or may not achieve sales levels and profitability that justify the investments made. Our acquisitions may entail financial and operational risks, including diversion of management attention from its existing core businesses. Future acquisitions could also result in the incurrence of debt, utilization of our internal accruals, increased contingent liabilities and increased operating expenses, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may incur additional debt or use internal accruals for acquisition which could affect our financial condition. 

33 

**35.** **_Statements as to the period in which our properties under development are expected to commence operations and the number of rooms or leasable area expected in such properties are based on management estimates and have not been independently appraised._** 

The expected period of opening or commencement of operations for our hotels and commercial and retail projects under development, presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, is based on management estimates and has not been independently appraised. The expected date of opening or commencement of operations, number of rooms or leasable area, size, acreage and square footage actually developed may differ, based on various factors such as market conditions, modifications of engineering or design specifications, changes in regulatory requirements, stipulations in the consents and approvals we receive and any inability to obtain required consents and approvals. Investors are cautioned to not place undue reliance on these numbers in their evaluation of our business, prospects and results of operation. See also “ **_Forward Looking Statements_** ” on page 16. 

# **36.** **_We may require additional equity or debt in the future in order to continue to grow our business, which may not be available on favourable terms or at all._** 

Our strategy to grow our business and maintain our market share may require us to raise additional funds or refinance our existing debt for our working capital or long term loans. We cannot assure you that such funds will be available on favourable terms or at all. Additional debt financing may increase our financing costs. Our financing agreements may contain terms and conditions that may restrict our ability to operate and manage our business, such as terms and conditions that require us to maintain certain pre-set debt service coverage ratios and leverage ratios and require us to use our assets, including our cash balances, as collateral for our indebtedness. If we are unable to raise additional funds on favourable terms or at all as and when required, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. 

# **37.** **_We rely on various contractors or third parties in developing our hotel, commercial, retail and other real assets, and factors affecting the performance of their obligations could adversely affect our projects._** 

Most of our hotel and other commercial projects require the services of contractors and various other parties including architects, engineers, consultants and suppliers of labour and materials for such projects. The timing and quality of construction of these projects that we develop depends on the availability and skill of these parties, as well as contingencies affecting them, including labour and construction material shortages and industrial action such as strikes and lockouts. We may not be able to identify appropriately experienced third parties and cannot assure you that skilled third parties will continue to be available at reasonable rates and in the areas in which we undertake our projects, or at all. As a result, we may be required to make additional investments or provide additional services to ensure the adequate performance and delivery of contracted services and any delay in project execution could adversely affect our profitability. In addition, if such contractors or third parties do not complete our orders in a timely manner or match our requirements on quality, our reputation and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

# **38.** **_Our operations could be adversely affected by strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees or any other kind of disputes with our employees._** 

Although we have not experienced any material labour unrest, we cannot assure you that we will not experience disruptions in work due to disputes or other problems with our work force, which may adversely affect our ability to continue our business operations. We have an external union at our hotel property in Powai, Mumbai and we cannot assure you that our other employees will not unionize in the future. In the event our employee relationships deteriorate or we experience significant labour unrest, strikes and other labour action, work stoppages could occur and there could be an adverse impact on our operations. These actions are impossible for us to predict or control and any such event could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

34 

# **39.** **_We rely on contract labour for carrying out certain of our operations and we may be held responsible for paying the wages of such workers, if the independent contractors through whom such workers are hired default on their obligations, and such obligations could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition._** 

In order to retain flexibility and control costs, we appoint independent contractors who in turn engage on-site contract labour for performance of certain of our operations. As of March 31, 2018, we utilized 524 personnel engaged on a contractual basis. Although we do not engage these labourers directly, we may be held responsible for any wage payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractor. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, under the Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970, as notified and enforced by the central government and adopted with such modifications as may be deemed necessary by the respective state governments, we may be required to absorb a number of such contract labourers as permanent employees. In the event of any noncompliance by contractors with statutory requirements, legal proceedings may be initiated against us. Thus, any such order from a regulatory body or court may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **40.** **_Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or may not adequately protect us against all material hazards, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We could be held liable for accidents that occur at our hotels or otherwise arise out of our operations. In the event of personal injuries, fires or other accidents suffered by our employees or other people, we could face claims alleging that we were negligent, provided inadequate supervision or be otherwise liable for the injuries. Our properties are insured with independent third parties covering various aspects such as property damage inter-alia in respect of buildings, plant and machinery breakdowns, fire insurance, deterioration of stocks, accidental damage, pressurised equipment such as boilers and vessels, losses of rent, loss of profit, business interruptions, terrorism etc. We also maintain directors’ and officers’ liability insurance for our management personnel and accident group insurance, health insurance and life insurance for our employees. 

While we believe that the insurance coverage which we maintain would be reasonably adequate to cover the normal risks associated with the operation of our business, we cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, and which is not covered by insurance, exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, cash flows and financial performance could be adversely affected _._ 

# **41.** **_Disruptions or lack of basic infrastructure such as electricity and water supply could adversely affect our operations._** 

We require a significant amount and continuous supply of electricity and water and any disruption in the supply thereof could affect the operations of our hotels and the services to our guests. We currently source our water requirements from governmental water supply undertakings and water tankers and depend on state electricity boards and private suppliers for our energy requirements. Although we have diesel generators to meet exigencies at all of our hotels, we cannot assure you that our hotels will have sufficient power during power failures. Any failure on our part to obtain alternate sources of electricity or water, in a timely fashion, and at an acceptable cost, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **42.** **_We are exposed to the risk of events that adversely affect domestic or international travel, such as epidemics and terrorism or war._** 

The room rates and occupancy levels of our hotels could be adversely affected by external events that reduce domestic or international travel, such as epidemics and spread of infectious diseases or threats thereof, actual or threatened acts of terrorism or war, geo-political crisis or civil unrest, travel-related 

35 

accidents or industrial action, natural disasters, or other local factors impacting individual hotels, as well as increased transportation and fuel costs. A decrease in the demand for hotel rooms as a result of such events may have an adverse impact on our operations and financial results. In addition, inadequate planning, preparation, response or recovery in relation to a major incident or crisis may cause loss of life, prevent operational continuity, or result in financial loss and consequently affect our reputation. 

# **43.** **_Our inability to protect or use intellectual property rights may adversely affect our business._** 

We own the registered name and mark ‘Chalet’ under various classes provided for under the Trade Marks 



Act, 1999. Additionally, we have applied for registration of logo under various classes, while application for registration under certain classes are currently pending. We have in the recent past received a notice of opposition in relation to registration of a class 43 trademark “Chalet Hotels” with the Trade Mark Registry. Any adverse order by the Registrar of Trade Marks may impact our ability to use the said trademark. 

Further, the use of our, or those of our brand partners’, trademarks or logos by third parties could adversely affect our hotels’ reputation, which could in turn adversely affect our business and results of operations. We may not be able to prevent infringement of our or our brand partners’ trademarks. If our or our brand partners’ trademarks or other intellectual property are improperly used, the value and reputation of our hotels could be harmed. The application of laws governing intellectual property rights in India is uncertain and evolving, and could involve substantial risks to us. While we take care to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of others, we cannot determine with certainty whether we are infringing any existing third-party intellectual property rights which may force us to alter our offerings. We may also be susceptible to claims from third parties asserting infringement and other related claims. If similar claims are raised in the future, these claims could result in costly litigation, divert management’s attention and resources, subject us to significant liabilities and require us to enter into potentially expensive royalty or licensing agreements or to cease certain offerings. Further, necessary licenses may not be available to us on satisfactory terms, if at all. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **44.** **_We, as well as our Promoters and Group Companies, have, from time to time, availed unsecured or other credit facilities that are repayable on demand. Any unexpected demand for repayment may adversely affect our liquidity, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

We, as well as our Promoters and Group Companies, have from time to time, availed unsecured or other credit facilities that are repayable on demand by the lenders. In the event that the respective lenders call in any such credit facilities, alternative sources of financing may not be available to any of us on commercially reasonable terms, to the same extent, or at all. Any failure to service such indebtedness or comply with any obligations under such financing agreements may cause us to incur penalty interest or may result in the termination of one or more of our credit facilities or acceleration or cross-acceleration of payments under such credit facilities, as well as the declaration of an event of default or cross-default. Any such unexpected demand for repayment may adversely affect our liquidity, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

# **45.** **_Some of our corporate records are not traceable._** 

Our Company does not have access to a secretarial form filing i.e., Form 5 for sub-division of equity shares in the year 1998. 

While information in relation to such subdivision, has been disclosed under Capital Structure in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, based on certified true copy of the board and shareholder resolutions, we may not be able to furnish any further document evidencing such subdivision. We cannot further assure you that we will be able to locate the said secretarial filing record, or not be penalized by the relevant supervisory and regulatory authorities in India for not maintaining such RoC form. 

# **46.** **_Our Company has acquired land in the past from entities which are related to our Promoters and may undertake such acquisitions in the future._** 

Our Company acquired approximately 8.62 acres of land from Genext, one of our corporate Promoters in Bengaluru for our Whitefield project. Our Promoters and Directors, Ravi C. Raheja and Neel C. Raheja 

36 

are also shareholders and directors of Genext. Our Company has also entered into a ‘memorandum of understanding’ that grants our Company an option to acquire leasehold rights for 0.98 acres of land from Mindspace for our proposed hotel in Airoli and our Company may decide to exercise this option and acquire land in the future. Our Promoters and Directors, Ravi C. Raheja and Neel C. Raheja are also shareholders and directors of Mindspace. Our Company is part of the K Raheja Corp group and generally undertakes transactions with other entities forming part of the group. In the future, our Company may undertake further acquisitions of land from entities forming part of the K Raheja Corp group or entities related to any of our Promoters or Directors. For more information on the acquisition from Genext and the proposed acquisition from Mindspace, please see “ **_Our Promoters and Promoter Group- Interests of our Promoters and Related Party Transactions_** ” on page 198. 

# **47.** **_We have certain contingent liabilities that have not been provided for in our financial statements, which, if they materialize, may adversely affect our financial condition._** 

As of March 31, 2018, in accordance with IND AS 37, we had certain contingent liabilities on a restated consolidated basis that have not been provided for in our financial statements. For details, see “ **_Summary Financial Information – Restated Consolidated Summary Financial Information_** ” on page 240. If a significant portion of these liabilities materialize, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **48.** **_We face foreign exchange risks that could adversely affect our results of operations._** 

Our operations are in India, most of our revenues and expenses in India are denominated in the Indian Rupee, and we report our results of operations in the Indian Rupee. However, we earn foreign exchange through transactions made by our guests who arrive from overseas. We have availed external commercial borrowings excluding interest accrued of USD 75.85 million as of March 31, 2018, which also exposes us to currency risk. Further, we have certain periodic payment obligations to Marriott which are denominated in United States Dollars. Any fluctuation of the Indian Rupee against such foreign currencies may have a negative impact on our results of operations, as the revenue that we make may be lower in Rupee terms or the expenses that we have to incur may be higher in Rupee terms _._ 

# **49.** **_Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

Our Company has not declared dividends in the past. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. We may decide to retain all of our earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business and, therefore, may not declare dividends on our Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. For details of dividend paid by our Company in the past, see “ **_Dividend Policy_** ” on page 238. 

# **50.** **_This Draft Red Herring Prospectus contains information from third party industry sources, including the report commissioned from Horwath HTL India and publically available reports published by CBRE Research, which have not been independently verified by us. Prospective investors are advised not to place undue reliance on such information._** 

This Draft Red Herring Prospectus includes information derived from third party industry sources and from the Horwath Report prepared by Horwath HTL India, pursuant to an engagement with our Company. We have also referred to publically available reports, “CBRE India Retail Market View H2 2017”, “CBRE India Market Outlook Report April 2018” and “CBRE India Office Market View Q1 2018” released in years 2017 and 2018, prepared by the CBRE Research. We commissioned the Horwath Report for the purpose of confirming our understanding on the Indian hospitality business, together with the future outlook of the hospitality industry in India. Neither we, nor the Promoters, nor Directors, nor any of the BRLMs, nor any other person connected with the Offer has independently verified the information in these reports and other industry sources quoted in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, and while we believe them to be true, we cannot guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of any such information. Moreover, these industry sources contain certain industry and market data, based on 

37 

certain assumptions. Accordingly, investors should read the industry-related disclosure in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus in this context. 

Further, the reports use certain methodologies for market sizing and forecasting. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the hospitality or commercial and retail sector, and methodologies and assumptions vary widely among different industry sources. Such assumptions may change based on various factors. We cannot assure you that such assumptions are correct or will not change and, accordingly, our position in the market may differ from that presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Further, these reports or any other industry data or sources are not recommendations to invest in our Company. Prospective investors are advised not to place undue reliance on the industry reports or extracts thereof as included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, when making their investment decisions. Also, see “ **_Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information and Market Data and Currency of Presentation_** ” and “ **_Industry Overview_** ” on pages 13 and 128, respectively. 

# **51.** **_We will continue to be controlled by our Promoters after the completion of the Offer_** 

After the completion of the Offer, our Promoters will continue to hold majority of our outstanding Equity Shares. As a result, our Promoters will continue to exercise significant control over us, including being able to control the composition of our Board and determine matters requiring shareholder approval or approval of our Board. They may take or block actions with respect to our business, which may conflict with our interests or the interests of our minority shareholders. By exercising their control, our Promoters could delay, defer or cause a change of our control or a change in our capital structure, delay, defer or cause a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us, discourage or encourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. We cannot guarantee that our Promoters will act in our interest while exercising their rights. 

# **52.** **_Some of our Promoters have pledged their Equity Shares with a lender. Any exercise of such pledge by the lender could dilute the shareholding of these Promoters, which may adversely affect our business and prospects_** 

As of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, 47,023,720 Equity Shares constituting 27.48% of the pre-Offer paid-up equity share capital of our Company held by Capstan Trading LLP, Raghukool Estate Development LLP, Touchstone Properties and Hotels Private Limited, Anbee Construction LLP and Cape Trading LLP, our Promoters, are pledged in favour of HDFC Limited to secure borrowings availed by certain of our Promoters and Group Companies. Any default by one or more of such Promoters or Group Companies, under their respective borrowing arrangements pursuant to which these Equity Shares have been pledged, will entitle the lender to enforce such pledge. In case the lender chooses to invoke the pledge, the aggregate shareholding of our Promoters in our Company will be reduced and may also result in the price of the Equity Shares being adversely affected. 

# **53.** **_We have issued Equity Shares during the last one year at a price that may be lower than the Offer Price._** 

We have allotted 18,953,040 Equity Shares to the shareholders of Genext Hardware & Parks Private Limited (“ **Genext** ”), pursuant to the scheme of arrangement effecting the demerger of Genext with our Company. No cash consideration was paid at the time of allotment of these Equity Shares. The price at which such Equity Shares were allotted may be lower than the Offer Price. In addition, ESOPs granted, if exercised prior to determination of the Offer Price, may be at a price lower than the Offer Price. For further details, see “ **_Capital Structure_** ” on page 87. 

# **54.** **_Some of our Group Companies have incurred losses in the last preceding financial year and have negative net worth, based on the last audited financial statements available._** 

Some of our Group Companies have incurred losses in the preceding financial years and have negative net worth, based on the respective Group Companies’ last available audited financial statements. For further details, see “ **_Our Group Companies – Group Companies with negative net worth_** ” and “ **_Our Group Companies – Details of Loss making Group Companies_** ” beginning on page 212, respectively. We cannot assure you that our Group Companies will not incur losses or have negative net worth in the future. 

38 

**55.** **_We have experienced negative cash flows in relation to our operating activities and investing activities in the last five financial years, on a consolidated basis. Any negative cash flows in the future would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition._** 

We had a negative cash flow from operating activities of ₹ 122.96 million in the financial year 2015, on a restated consolidated basis. Further, we had a negative cash flow from investing activities of ₹ 1,289.98 million, ₹ 1,722.78 million, ₹ 1,895.97 million and ₹ 1,212.42 million in the financial years 2018, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, on a restated consolidated basis. If we experience any negative cash flows in the future, this could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. For further details, see “ **_Summary Financial Information_** ” and “ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_** ” on pages 240 and 537, respectively. 

**56.** **_Certain of our Group Companies and our Promoters are engaged, or are authorized by their constitutional documents to engage, in business activities which are similar to those undertaken by our Company and Subsidiaries, or have interests in other companies, which are in businesses similar to ours, which may result in conflicts of interest._** 

Certain of our Group Companies, are authorised under their respective memorandums of association to carry on the business of owning, operating or managing hotels and resorts. For details, see “ **_Group Companies_** ” on page 212. We cannot assure you that our Group Companies, will not compete with our existing business or any future business that we may undertake or that their interests will not conflict with ours. Any such present and future conflicts could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations. For further details, see “ **_Our Promoters, Promoter Group and Group Companies – Common Pursuits of our Promoters, members of Promoter Group and Group Companies_** ” on pages 198 and 212. 

Further, a conflict of interest may occur between our business and the business of certain of our Promoters and Group Companies which could have an adverse effect on our operations. For example, certain of our Promoters and Group Companies own a resort in Madh Island, Mumbai and a minority equity interest in the hotel JW Marriott Mumbai Juhu, which compete with our existing hotels. Conflicts of interest may also arise out of common business objectives shared by us and certain of our Promoters. Our Promoters may compete with us and have no obligation to direct any opportunities to us. We cannot assure you that these or other conflicts of interest will be resolved in an impartial manner. 

# **57.** **_Our Directors and Key Management Personnel may have interests in us other than reimbursement of expenses incurred, normal employee remuneration or benefits payable under the terms of their agreements with us, which may potentially involve conflict of interests with our Shareholders._** 

Our Directors and Key Management Personnel are interested in us to the extent of remuneration paid to them for services rendered, including any shares and employee stock options held by them and reimbursement of expenses payable to them. Our Company had entered into an agreement dated July 7, 2017 with Arthur William De Haast, one of our Directors, to provide certain consultancy and advisory services to our Company for a term of three years with effect from August 3, 2017, pursuant to which he is entitled to UK Pounds 3,750 per working day spent in accordance with the terms of the consultancy services agreement. The term of the consultancy services agreement has been extended to June 11, 2023. Further, Sanjay Sethi, our Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer and Rajeev Newar, our Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer are interested to the extent of loans availed by them from our Company. Our Directors may also be interested to the extent of any transaction entered into by us with any other company or firm in which they are directors or partners. For details, see the sections “ **_Capital Structure_** ”, “ **_Related Party Transactions_** _”_ and “ **_Our Management_** ” on pages 87, 237 and 177, respectively. 

# **58.** **_We do not own the land on which our Registered and Corporate Office is situated._** 

We do not own the land on which our Registered and Corporate Office is situated. Our Registered and Corporate Office is licensed to us by K. Raheja Corporate Services Private Limited pursuant to a license agreement dated February 12, 2014. The license is valid for a period of 5 years from July 1, 2013. We have executed a letter of intent dated June 28, 2018 with K. Raheja Corporate Services Private Limited to execute a license agreement for a further period of 5 years in respect of the premises. Though we have initiated the process for renewal of the license agreement, we cannot assure you that we will be able to 

39 

renew the license agreement in a timely manner or have the right to occupy this premise in the future, or that we will be able to continue with the uninterrupted use of this premise in the event that we are unable to comply with the terms of our license agreement, which may impair our operations and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. For further details, see “ **_Our Business – Immovable Properties_** ” on page 146. 

# **59.** **_We will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. The Selling Shareholders will receive the entire proceeds from the Offer for Sale._** 

This Offer includes an Offer for Sale of up to 24,685,000 Equity Shares by the Selling Shareholders. The entire proceeds from the Offer for Sale will be paid to the Selling Shareholders and we will not receive any such proceeds. For further details, see “ **_Capital Structure_** ” and “ **_Objects of the Offer_** ” on pages 87 and 114, respectively. 

# **60.** **_Any variation in the utilization of the Net Proceeds would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior Shareholders’ approval._** 

We propose to utilize the Net Proceeds for retiring certain debts of our Company. For further information of the proposed objects of the Issue, see “ **_Objects of the Offer_** ” on page 114. At this stage, we cannot determine with any certainty if we would require the Net Proceeds to meet any other expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of competitive environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. In accordance with Section 27 of the Companies Act, 2013, we cannot undertake any variation in the utilization of the Net Proceeds without obtaining the Shareholders’ approval through a special resolution. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to undertake variation in the disclosed utilization of the Net Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain the Shareholders’ approval in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such Shareholders’ approval may adversely affect our business or operations. 

Further, our Promoters or controlling Shareholders would be required to provide an exit opportunity to the Shareholders who do not agree with our proposal to change the Objects of the Offer or vary the terms of such contracts, at a price and manner as prescribed by SEBI. Additionally, the requirement on Promoters or controlling Shareholders to provide an exit opportunity to such dissenting Shareholders may deter the Promoters or controlling Shareholders from agreeing to the variation of the proposed utilization of the Net Proceeds, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. Further, we cannot assure you that the Promoters or the controlling Shareholders of our Company will have adequate resources at their disposal at all times to enable them to provide an exit opportunity at the price prescribed by SEBI. 

In light of these factors, we may not be able to undertake variation of objects of the Offer to use any unutilized proceeds of the Fresh Issue, if any, or vary the terms of any contract referred to in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. This may restrict our ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition by re-deploying the unutilized portion of Net Proceeds, if any, or varying the terms of contract, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

# **_External Risk Factors_** 

# **_Risks Related to India_** 

# **61.** **_The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, pandemic disease and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that 

40 

future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

# **62.** **_Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

We are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in which we operate. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. Demand for our services may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional and global economies. Economic growth in the countries in which we operate is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports (oil and oil products), global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall which affects agricultural production. Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Also, a change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could adversely affect economic conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular and high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our revenues, and as such decrease our operating margins. 

# **63.** **_Our Company has prepared financial statements under Ind AS. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as Indian GAAP, IFRS and U.S. GAAP._** 

Our Restated Consolidated Summary Financial Information as of and for the financial years 2018, 2017, 2016, 2015 and 2014 included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus has been prepared under Ind AS notified under the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 read with the Companies Act, 2013 and differs from our audited financial information to the extent restated, in accordance with applicable laws. The Restated Consolidated Summary Financial Information has been compiled from the audited consolidated financial statements of our Company as of and for the financial years 2018 and 2017 prepared under Ind AS and as of and for the financial years 2016, 2015 and 2014 prepared under the previous generally accepted accounting principles followed in India (“ **Indian GAAP** ”). Our date of transition to Ind AS was April 1, 2016 and the audited consolidated financial statements for the financial year 2017 were the first to be prepared in accordance with Ind AS. The restated consolidated summary financial information for the financial years 2016, 2015 and 2014 included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus have been prepared under Ind AS on a proforma basis. The implementation of Ind AS is recent and new pronouncements may have a material impact on our profitability going forward and our revenue may fluctuate significantly period over period. 

Except as otherwise provided in the Restated Consolidated Summary Financial Information with respect to Indian GAAP, no attempt has been made to reconcile any information given in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus to any other accounting principles or to base the information on any other accounting standards. Ind AS differs from other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar, such as Indian GAAP, IFRS and U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, the degree to which the financial statements, which are restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Ind AS. 

# **64.** **_Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of tax laws, may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. For example, the Government of India implemented a comprehensive national goods and services tax (“ **GST** ”) regime with effect from July 1, 2017 that combines multiple taxes and levies by the Central and State Governments into a unified tax structure. While the Government of India and certain state governments have announced that all committed incentives will be protected following the 

41 

implementation of the GST, given that the various rules and regulations regarding the new regime are being evaluated in terms of various implications concerning the GST, we cannot provide you with any assurance as to this or any other aspect of the tax regime following implementation of the GST including anti-profiteering regulations of the new tax regime and availability of input tax credit (“ **ITC** ”). 

Further, the Finance Act, instituted a number of amendments to the existing direct and indirect tax regime which includes the withdrawal of long term capital gains exemptions on equity shares, long term capital gains applicability in the hands of Foreign Institutional Investors and applicability of dividend distribution tax for certain transactions with shareholders, among others. Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors in relation to the consequences of investing in the Equity Shares. 

In addition, the General Anti-Avoidance Rules (“ **GAAR** ”) became effective from April 1, 2017. The tax consequences of the GAAR provisions being applied to an arrangement could result in the denial of tax benefits to an arrangement, among other consequences. In the absence of any such precedents on the subject, the application of these provisions is uncertain. If the GAAR provisions are made applicable to our Company, it may have an adverse tax impact on us. 

Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

# **65.** **_Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against our Company._** 

Our Company is incorporated under the laws of India, majority of our Directors and all of our Promoters, Key Management Personnel and senior management personnel reside in India. Majority of our assets, and the assets of certain of our Promoters, Directors, Key Management Personnel and other senior management, are also located in India. In addition, the regulatory regime of our various international territories may have similar restrictions on enforcement of foreign judgments. Where investors wish to enforce foreign judgments in India, they may face difficulties in enforcing such judgments. India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. India exercises reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions which includes the United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong. In order to be enforceable, a judgment obtained in a jurisdiction which India recognises as a reciprocating territory must meet certain requirements of the Code of Civil Procedures, 1908 (the “ **Civil Code** ”). Further, the Civil Code only permits enforcement of monetary decrees not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes or, other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalty and does not provide for the enforcement of arbitration awards. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions not recognised as a reciprocating territory by India cannot be enforced or executed in India. Even if a party were to obtain a judgment in such a jurisdiction, it would be required to institute a fresh suit upon the judgment and would not be able to enforce such judgment by proceedings in execution. Further, the party which has obtained such judgment must institute the new proceedings within three years of obtaining the judgment. 

As a result, you may be unable to: (i) effect service of process outside of India upon us and such other persons or entities; or (ii) enforce in courts outside of India judgments obtained in such courts against us and such other persons or entities. It is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages awarded as excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. A party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval from the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered pursuant to the execution of such foreign judgment, and any such amount may be subject to income tax in accordance with applicable laws. 

42 

# **66.** **_Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions), if they comply with the valuation and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and fall under any of the exceptions specified by the RBI, then the RBI’s prior approval is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. 

# **67.** **_You may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of our Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares is generally taxable in India. Any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares on or before March 31, 2018, on a stock exchange held for more than 12 months will not be subject to long term capital gains tax in India if securities transaction tax, or STT, has been paid on the sale transaction and additionally, as stipulated by the Finance Act, 2017, STT had been paid at the time of acquisition of such equity shares on or before October 1, 2004, except in the case of such acquisitions of such equity shares which are not subject to STT, as notified by the Central Government under notification no. 43/2017/F. No. 370142/09/2017-TPL on June 5, 2017. However, the Finance Act, 2018, has now levied taxes on such long term capital gains arising from sale of equity shares on or after April 1, 2018. However, where specified conditions are met, such long term capital gains are only taxed to the extent they exceed ₹ 100,000 and unrealised capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 continue to be exempt. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long term capital gains tax in India, in addition to the payment of STT, on the sale of Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which our Equity Shares are sold. 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of our Equity Shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is a resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of Equity Shares. 

# **68.** **_Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

# **69.** **_Any downgrading of India’s debt rating by an independent agency may harm our ability to raise financing._** 

Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings international debt by international rating agencies may adversely affect our ability to raise additional overseas financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing is available. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favourable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of our Equity Shares. 

43 

# **_Risks Related to the Offer_** 

**70.** **_The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a bookbuilding process in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results of our Company, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

**71.** **_Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Equity Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the trading price of our Equity Shares and returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

# **72.** **_You may not be able to sell, any of the Equity Shares you purchase in the Offer immediately on an Indian stock exchange._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to the applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately six Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

# **73.** **_The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company and Selling Shareholders in consultation with the BRLMs, and through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ **_Basis for Offer Price_** ” on page 122 and may not be indicative of 

44 

the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that the investor will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

# **74.** **_Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked securities by us may dilute your shareholding and any sale of Equity Shares by our Promoters and other major shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth through future equity offerings. Any future issuance of the Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to the Equity Shares by us, including through exercise of employee stock options or the disposal of Equity Shares by our Promoters or any of our Company’s other principal shareholders or the perception that such issuance or sales may occur, including to comply with the minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of the Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. We cannot assure you that we will not issue additional Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of your investment in the Equity Shares. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of the Equity Shares. Except as disclosed in “ **_Capital Structure_** ” on page 87, we cannot assure you that our Promoters and other major shareholders will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

# **75.** **_Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its equity shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to issuance of any new equity shares, unless the preemptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by the equity shareholders of such company. 

However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are located in does not permit the exercise of such preemptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file an offering document or a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell them for your benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of our Equity Shares, your proportional interests in our Company may be reduced. 

# **76.** **_QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within six Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

45 

# **Prominent Notes** 

1. Our Company was converted to a public limited company and consequently, the name of our Company was changed to Chalet Hotels Limited on June 6, 2018. For further details in relation to the corporate history of our Company, see “ **_History and Certain Corporate Matters_** ” on page 170. 

2. Public offer of up to [●] Equity Shares for cash at price of ₹ [●]  (including a share premium of  ₹ [●] per Equity Share) aggregating up to ₹ [●] million comprising Fresh Issue of up to [●] Equity Shares aggregating up to ₹ 9,500 million by our Company and the Offer for Sale of up to 24,685,000 Equity Shares aggregating up to ₹ [●] million by the Selling Shareholders. The Offer will constitute [●] % of the post-Offer paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. 

3. As of March 31, 2018, our Company’s net worth was ₹ 4,955.06 million as per our Restated Consolidated Summary Financial Information and ₹ 5,223.00 million as per the Restated Standalone Summary Financial Information. 

4. As of March 31, 2018, the net asset value per Equity Share was ₹ 28.96 as per our Restated Consolidated Summary Financial Information and ₹ 30.53 as per the Restated Standalone Summary Financial Information. 

5. The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by our Promoters is: 

|**Name of the Promoter**|**Average cost of acquisition of Equity**<br>**Shares# (₹** **per Equity Share)**|
|---|---|
|Ravi C. Raheja*|32.85|
|Neel C. Raheja*|32.85|
|K Raheja CorpPrivate Limited*|65.57|
|K Raheja Private Limited|1.29|
|IvoryProperties and Hotels Private Limited*|26.99|
|IvoryPropertyTrust|0.00|
|Genext Hardware & Parks Private Limited|13.00|
|Touchstone Properties and Hotels Private Limited|3.17|
|Cape TradingLLP|6.61|
|Capstan TradingLLP|6.81|
|Casa Maria Properties LLP|6.81|
|Anbee Constructions LLP|6.61|
|Palm Shelter Estate Development LLP*|100.00|
|Raghukool Estate Development LLP|6.81|



* _Ravi C. Raheja, Neel C. Raheja, K Raheja Corp Private Limited, Ivory Properties and Hotels Private Limited and Palm Shelter Estate Development LLP are also the Selling Shareholders in the Offer._ 

# _As certified by M/s Nayan Parikh & Co, Chartered Accountants by their certificates dated June 30, 2018._ 

For details, see “ **_Capital Structure_** ” on page 87. 

6. For details of related party transactions entered into by our Company with our Promoters, Group Companies and Subsidiary in the last Fiscal, including nature and cumulative value of the transactions, see “ **_Related Party Transactions_** ” on page 237. 

7. For information regarding the business or other interests of our Group Companies in our Company, see “ **Our Group Companies** ” and “ **Related Party Transactions** ” on pages 212 and 237. 

8. There have been no financing arrangements whereby any of the members of our Promoter Group, our Directors, director of Promoter or any of their relatives have financed the purchase by any other person of securities of our Company other than in ordinary course of the business of the financing entity during the period of six months immediately preceding the date of filing of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

9. Investors may contact the BRLMs or the Registrar to the Offer, for any complaints pertaining to the Offer. 

46 

10. All grievances in relation to Bids through the ASBA process, may be addressed to the Registrar to the Offer, with a copy to the relevant Designated Intermediary with whom the ASBA Form was submitted, quoting the full name of the sole or First Bidder, ASBA Form number, Bidders’ DP ID, Client ID, PAN, number of Equity Shares applied for, date of submission of ASBA Form, address of Bidder, the name and address of the relevant Designated Intermediary, where the ASBA Form was submitted by the Bidder and ASBA Account number in which the amount equivalent to the Bid Amount was blocked. Further, the Bidder shall enclose the Acknowledgment Slip from the Designated Intermediaries in addition to the documents or information mentioned hereinabove. Further, all grievances of the Anchor Investors may be addressed to the Registrar to the Offer, giving full details such as the name of the sole or First Bidder, Bid cum Application Form number, Bidders’ DP ID, Client ID, PAN, date of the Bid cum Application Form, address of the Bidder, number of the Equity Shares applied for, Bid Amount paid on submission of the Bid cum Application Form and the name and address of the BRLMs where the Bid cum Application Form was submitted by the Anchor Investor. 

For any complaints, information or clarifications pertaining to the Offer, investors may contact the BRLMs who have submitted the due diligence certificate to the SEBI. 

47 

