# **SECTION II – RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider each of the following risk factors together with all other information set forth in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks that we currently face or are relevant to us, our Equity Shares, the industry in which we operate or to India. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, cashflows and financial condition. In order to obtain a complete understanding about us, investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations of our Company” and “Results of Operations of CCVL” on pages 132, 102, 398 and 429, respectively, as well as the financial statements, including the notes thereto, and other financial information included elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_If any or some combination of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or believed to be adverse, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cashflows and financial condition could suffer, the trading price of, and the value of your investment in, the Equity Shares could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. In making an investment decision with respect to this Offer, you must rely on your own examination of our Company, Chemplast Cuddalore Vinyls Limited (“_ **_CCVL_** _”), our wholly owned subsidiary, our business, and the terms of this Offer, including the merits and risks involved and you should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in the Equity Shares. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section, such as those relating to levels of consolidated indebtedness and our ability to comply with the covenants contained in the agreements that govern our indebtedness. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries. This Draft Red Herring Prospectus also contains forwardlooking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. See “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 23._ 

_Our Company manufactured suspension PVC resin until Financial Year 2018. The undertaking engaged in suspension PVC resin business was demerged from our Company to CCVL, on a going concern basis, with effect from April 1, 2018, pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the “_ **_Composite Scheme of Arrangement_** _”). Unless otherwise stated, or unless context requires otherwise, all financial information of our Company used in this section has been derived from our Restated Consolidated Summary Statements and all the financial information of CCVL used in this section has been derived from CCVL’s Standalone Financial Statements. CCVL became our wholly owned subsidiary on March 31, 2021 pursuant to the acquisition of CCVL by our Company (“_ **_CCVL Acquisition_** _” and our financial statements included in the DRHP do not reflect the results of operations of CCVL. We have included pro forma financial consolidated balance sheet as at December 31, 2020 and March 31, 2020 to illustrate the impact of acquisition of CCVL as of December 31, 2020 and March 31, 2020 and pro forma consolidated statement of profit and loss for the nine month period ended December 31, 2020 and for the year ended March 31, 2020 to illustrate impact of acquisition of CCVL as if the common control transaction to obtain control over CCVL occurred on April 1, 2020 and April 1, 2019 respectively, under “Pro Forma Financial Information” on page 258. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section. In this section, unless the context otherwise requires, references to “we”, “us”, “our” and similar terms are to Chemplast Sanmar Limited, on a consolidated basis._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the CRISIL Report titled “Market assessment of PVC, caustic soda, chloromethane, hydrogen peroxide and custom manufacturing” dated March 2021 (the “_ **_CRISIL Report_** _”) prepared and issued by CRISIL Limited and commissioned by our Company in connection with the Offer. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from CRISIL Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year. Neither we, nor any of the GCBRLMs or BRLMs, nor any person connected with the Offer, has verified any information in the CRISIL Report._ 

31 

# **INTERNAL RISKS** 

**_1. The extent to which the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) affects our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted._** 

In the first half of calendar year 2020, COVID-19 spread to a majority of countries across the world, including India and other countries where our suppliers and customers are located. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, repercussions across local, national and global economies and financial markets. In particular, a number of governments and organizations have revised GDP growth forecasts for financial year 2021 downwards in response to the economic slowdown caused by the spread of COVID-19, and it is possible that the COVID-19 pandemic will cause a prolonged global economic crisis or recession. 

The global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has been rapidly evolving and public health officials and governmental authorities have reacted by taking measures, including in the regions in which we operate, such as prohibiting people from assembling in heavily populated areas, instituting quarantines, restricting travel, issuing lockdown orders and restricting the types of businesses that may continue to operate, among many others. The outbreak of COVID-19 was recognized as a public health emergency of international concern on January 30, 2020 and as a pandemic by the WHO on March 11, 2020. On March 14, 2020, India declared COVID-19 as a “notified disaster” and imposed a nationwide lockdown announced on March 24, 2020. Progressive relaxations have been granted for movement of goods and people and cautious re-opening of businesses and offices. However, lockdowns have been re-introduced in certain areas and it may be re-introduced in other areas or extended in the future. The COVID-19 pandemic may affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, in the future, in a number of ways such as: 

- result in a complete or partial closure of, or disruptions or restrictions on our ability to conduct, our manufacturing operations; 

- impact ability of our management and employees to travel, enter into or complete material contracts and other business transactions and delay movement of our products; 

- our inability to source key raw materials as a result of the temporary or permanent closure of the facilities of suppliers of our key raw materials; 

- non-availability of labour, which could result in a slowdown in our operations and delay the expansion of our manufacturing facilities; 

- our inability to access debt and equity capital on acceptable terms, or at all; 

- the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our future results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could adversely impact our compliance with the covenants in our credit facilities and other financing agreements and could result in events of default and the acceleration of indebtedness; 

- increased vulnerability to cyber-security threats and potential breaches, including phishing attacks, malware and impersonation tactics, resulting from the increase in numbers of employees working from home; 

- uncertainty as to what conditions must be satisfied before government authorities completely lift lockdown orders; and 

- the potential negative impact on the health of our employees, particularly if a significant number of them are afflicted by COVID-19, could result in a deterioration in our ability to ensure business continuity during this disruption. 

On account of the lockdown, our operations were disrupted at manufacturing facilities from March 2020 to May 2020 and this resulted in a reduction in our revenues. We also incurred additional expenses in connection with, among other things, retaining employees, fixed costs payable for maintaining our manufacturing plants and loss of inventory. However, events beyond our control may unfold in the future, which makes it difficult for us to predict the impact that COVID-19 will have on us, our customers or suppliers in the future. Further, our insurance policies may not provide adequate coverage in circumstances, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Our Company has made a detailed assessment of its liquidity position and of the recoverability of the Company’s assets based on internal and external information. Based on the performance of sensitivity analysis on the assumptions used and considering the current indicators of future economic conditions relevant to our Company’s operations (wherever applicable), our management expects to recover the 

32 

carrying value of these assets. However, due to COVID-19 pandemic, the impact of COVID-19 pandemic may differ from those estimated. 

Our Statutory Auditor has included an emphasis of matter in its examination report on our Restated Consolidated Summary Statements for the nine months ended December 31, 2020 and the financial year 2020, describing the impact of COVID-19 pandemic, and its consequential impact on our Company’s operations and carrying value of its assets. Our Statutory Auditor has also included an emphasis of matter in the assurance report on the Pro Forma Financial Information, describing the impact of COVID -19 pandemic on the business and operations and carrying value of assets of our Company and CCVL. 

Further, the statutory auditor of CCVL has included an emphasis of matter in its audit report on CCVL’s Standalone Financial Statements for the nine months ended December 31, 2020, describing the uncertainties and impact of COVID-19 pandemic, and its consequential impact on CCVL’s operations and carrying value of its assets. The statutory auditor of CCVL has also included an emphasis of matter in its audit report on CCVL’s Standalone Financial Statements for the financial year 2020, describing the impact of COVID-19 pandemic on CCVL’s liquidity position and the recoverability of carrying value of property, plant and equipment, inventories and investments as assessed by the management of CCVL. The actual results may differ from such estimates depending on future developments. 

Any intensification of the COVID-19 pandemic or any future outbreak of another highly infectious or contagious disease may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, as COVID-19 adversely affects our business and results of operations, it may also have the effect of exacerbating many of the other risks described in this “ _Risk Factors_ ” section. 

**_2. Unplanned slowdowns or shutdowns in our manufacturing operations or under-utilization of our manufacturing capacities could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

We have four manufacturing facilities, of which three are located in Tamil Nadu and one is located in Puducherry. Our business is dependent upon our ability to efficiently manage our manufacturing facilities, which are subject to various operating risks, including productivity of our workforce, compliance with regulatory requirements and circumstances beyond our control, such as the breakdown and failure of equipment or industrial accidents, severe weather conditions, natural disasters and infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic. Any significant malfunction or breakdown of our machinery may entail significant repair and maintenance costs and cause delays in our operations. We may also experience loss of, or a decrease in, revenue due to lower manufacturing levels. In addition, we may be required to shut down our manufacturing facilities for various reasons such as maintenance, inspection, testing and capacity expansion. Further, the capacity utilization at our manufacturing facilities is subject to various factors such as availability of raw materials, power, water, efficient working of machinery and equipment and optimal manufacturing planning. An inability to utilize our manufacturing facility to its full or optimal capacity, non-utilization of such capacities could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial conditions. For example, we had to stop our manufacturing operations at our ethylene and EDC plants at our Mettur Facility due to an increase in the price of alcohol. Further, our inability to effectively respond to any shutdown or slowdown and rectify any disruption, in a timely manner and at an acceptable cost, could lead to an adverse effect on business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. 

**_3. Our manufacturing facilities are concentrated in Tamil Nadu and Puducherry and any adverse developments affecting Tamil Nadu or Puducherry could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition._** 

All of our manufacturing facilities are located in Tamil Nadu and Puducherry. In addition, we have leased a salt field from the Government of Tamil Nadu at Vedaranyam, Tamil Nadu from which we have approval to extract up to 400 kt of salt per annum (“ **Vedaranyam Salt Field** ”). Consequently, any significant social, political or economic disruption, or natural calamities or civil disruptions in Tamil Nadu or Puducherry, or changes in the policies of the state or local governments of Tamil Nadu or Puducherry or the Government of India, may require us to suspend our operations, either temporarily or permanently, incur significant capital expenditure and change our business strategy. The occurrence of, or our inability 

33 

to effectively respond to any such event, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. 

**_4. Our Company derives a significant portion of its revenues from the sale of specialty paste PVC resin and any reduction in the demand for specialty paste PVC resin could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

Our Company derives a significant portion of our revenues from the sale of specialty paste PVC resin. However, our Company’s revenue from the sale of specialty paste PVC resin may decline as a result of increased competition, regulatory action, litigation, pricing pressures, or fluctuations in the demand for or supply of such products including as a result of companies increasing their production capacities within India or outside India, or the outbreak of an infectious disease such as COVID-19, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Similarly, CCVL derives all of its revenue from the sale of suspension PVC resin. Any decline in the revenue from sale of suspension PVC resin in the future may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

On a going forward basis, specialty paste PVC resin and suspension PVC resin will continue to contribute a significant majority of our revenues. 

**_5. Our business and the demand for our products is heavily reliant on the demand from end-user industries and any downturn in the end-user industries could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

A significant portion of our revenue is generated from sale of our products to end-user industries such as pharmaceutical, automotive, textile, paper, soap and detergent industries and, consequently, the demand for our products and margin of our products is dependent on and directly affected by factors affecting these industries. Any material downturn in any of the end-user industries that we service, as a result of increased competition, regulatory action, litigation, pricing fluctuation or outbreak of an infectious disease like COVID-19 may impact us. There can be no assurance that the lack of demand from any one of these industries can be off-set by sales to other industries in which our products find application or by successfully introducing new products in these industries. 

**_6. Any adverse developments in our relationship with our customers could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

We are dependent on a limited number of customers for a significant portion of our revenues. Revenue from our Company’s top 10 customers constituted 38.00% and 30.00% of our Company’s revenue from operations for nine months ended December 31, 2020 and Financial Year 2020. Further, for our custom manufacturing operations, we are dependent on limited number of customers for a substantial portion of the revenues. We cannot assure you that we will be able to significantly reduce customer concentration in the future. 

We typically do not have firm commitment in the form of long-term supply agreements with our key customers and instead rely on purchase orders or short term arrangements to govern the volume and other terms governing sale of our products. Consequently, there is no commitment on the part of such customers to continue to place new purchase orders with us and as a result, our cash flow and consequent revenue may fluctuate significantly from time to time. The fluctuation in demand for our products may either require us to increase production or decrease production and inventories at short notice, which may result in us bearing additional costs and incurring losses. Further, the deterioration of the financial condition or business prospects of these customers could reduce their requirement of our services and their ability to pay us, on a timely basis or at all, which could result in a significant decrease in the revenues we derive from them. 

Our contracts impose stringent confidentiality and secrecy obligations on us and typically require us to comply with various international and organizational codes and practices including the ethical code of conduct in relation to bribery, code of conduct for service providers and privacy policies. Our contracts also provide our customers the right to inspect and audit our facilities and processes after providing reasonable notice to us. Committed delivery schedules and pre-agreed pricing structures in such contracts could expose us to risks arising from unavailability of raw materials and fluctuations in raw material 

34 

prices in the future. We may not be able to adequately adjust our inventory in case of cancellation of orders under such contracts and this could affect our profitability. 

Further, some of our customers currently manufacture or may start manufacturing their own starting materials or intermediates and may discontinue the use of our custom manufacturing operations. The loss of our significant customer or a reduction in the amount of business we obtain from such customer could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Similarly, revenue from CCVL’s top 10 customers constituted 58.00% and 57.00% of its revenue from operations for nine months ended December 31, 2020 and Financial Year 2020. 

# **_7. If we are unable to obtain or maintain regulatory approvals for our manufacturing facilities and products, we may be unable to operate our manufacturing facilities or sell our products, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows and results of operations._** 

The import, manufacture, storage, marketing and sale of our products require several regulatory approvals, including but not limited to, the authorizations under PESO, Factories Act, authorization by Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board, Industrial Entrepreneur’s Memorandum and licenses issued under the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940. Regulatory requirements with respect to our products and the products of our customers are subject to change. Any adverse change in the laws governing the manufacturing and storage of our products and their usage by our customers, including the development of licensing requirements and technical standards and specifications or the imposition of onerous requirements, may have an adverse impact on our operations. We may be required to alter our manufacturing process and target markets and incur capital expenditure to achieve compliance with such new regulatory requirements applicable to us and our customers. In the event that we are unable to renew or maintain such statutory permits and approvals or comply with any or all of their applicable terms and conditions, or seek waivers or extensions of time for complying with such terms and conditions, our operations may be interrupted and penalties may be imposed on us by the relevant authorities. 

**_8. Non-compliance with increasingly stringent safety, health, environmental and labour laws and other applicable regulations, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Further, we may not be able to renew or maintain our statutory and regulatory permits and approvals required to operate our business._** 

Our operations generate pollutants and waste, some of which may be hazardous and therefore, we are subject to various laws and government regulations, including in relation to safety, health, environmental protection and labour. These laws and regulations impose controls on air and water discharge, disposal of bio-medical waste, storage, transport, handling, disposal, employee exposure to hazardous substances and other aspects of our manufacturing operations. Improper handling or storage of these materials could result in accidents, injure our personnel, property and damage the environment. We obtain the requisite registrations and approvals from time to time and aim to prevent such hazards by training our personnel, conducting industrial hygiene assessments and employing other prescribed safety measures. The occurrence of any such event in the future could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

In addition, environmental laws and regulations in India have increasingly become more stringent. The scope and extent of the new environmental regulations, including their effect on our operations, cannot be predicted with any certainty. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. For example, certain approvals require us to carry out health studies and while we have requested the authorities to waive these conditions, we cannot assure you that such conditions will be waived or that we will not incur increased costs to comply with such conditions. 

We are also subject to the laws and regulations governing employees, including in relation to minimum wage and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, maternity leave, hiring and termination of employees, contract labour and work permits. We have incurred and expect to continue incurring costs for compliance with such laws and regulations. We have also made and expect to continue making capital expenditures on an on-going basis to comply with all applicable environmental, health and safety and labour laws and regulations. These laws and regulations have, however, become increasingly stringent and it is possible that they will become significantly more stringent in the future. If we are unable to remain in 

35 

compliance with all applicable environmental, health and safety and labour laws, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_9. Our inability to accurately forecast demand for our products and manage our inventory may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

Our business depends on our estimate of the long-term demand for our products from our customers. While we maintain a reasonable level of inventory of raw materials, work in progress and finished goods, if we underestimate demand or have inadequate capacity due to which we are unable to meet the demand for our products, we may manufacture fewer quantities of products than required, which could result in the loss of business. Similarly an error in our forecast could also result in surplus stock, which may not be sold in a timely manner or at all. At times when we have overestimated demand, we may have incurred costs to build capacity or purchased more raw materials and manufactured more products than required. Our inability to accurately forecast demand for our products and manage our inventory may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_10. We source our raw material from a limited number of suppliers and any delay, interruption or reduction in the supply of raw materials to manufacture our products may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

We source our raw material namely, EDC, VCM, ethylene, methanol and coal, from a limited number of third-party suppliers within and outside India, through sourcing partners. We procure other raw material though purchase orders and the terms and conditions on warranties for product quality and return policy are specified in such purchase orders. In addition, we procure raw materials such as ethylene, EDC, VCM, methanol and coal on extended credit. We cannot be certain that we will be able to obtain raw material meeting the specified quality standards on commercially acceptable terms or that our suppliers will perform as expected or that our suppliers will extend credit to us. If our contractual arrangements with such suppliers expire or terminate, or if we fail to (i) receive the quality of raw materials that we require; (ii) negotiate appropriate financial terms; (iii) obtain adequate supply of raw materials in a timely manner, or if our principal suppliers discontinue the supply of such raw materials, or were to experience business disruptions or become insolvent, we cannot assure that you will be able to find alternate sources for the procurement of raw materials in a timely manner or at all. Moreover, in the event that either our demand increases or our suppliers experience a scarcity of resources, our suppliers may be unable to meet our demand for raw materials. Any such reductions or interruptions in the supply of raw materials, and any inability on our part to find alternate sources in a timely manner for the procurement of such raw materials, may have an adverse effect on our ability to manufacture our products in a timely or costeffective manner. Our Company’s cost of materials consumed comprised 31.04%, 38.69%, 39.32% and 65.36% of our Company’s total expenses, for the nine months ended December 31, 2020 and the Financial Years 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. CCVL’s cost of materials consumed comprised 71.64%, 77.52% and 85.05% of its total expenses, for the nine months ended December 31, 2020 and the Financial Years 2020 and 2019. Further, if we cannot fully offset increases in the prices of raw materials with the increase in the prices of our products, we will experience lower margins. The occurrence of any such event may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

In addition, the absence of long-term contracts at fixed prices also exposes us to volatility in the prices of raw materials. Further, several raw materials used in the manufacturing of chemicals are petrochemicals, which are derived from crude oil. Hence, prices of such raw materials are vulnerable to volatility in global crude oil prices. As a result, we have had instances of inventory write downs in financial year 2020 and we cannot assure you that we will not have instances of inventory write-downs in the future. 

Further, our dependence on foreign suppliers subject us to a variety of risks and uncertainties. The political and economic instability in the countries in which the foreign suppliers are located, the financial instability of the suppliers, labour problems experienced by suppliers, disruption in the transportation of the raw materials by the suppliers, including as a result of labour slowdowns, currency exchange rates, transport availability and cost, transport security, inflation and other operational factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located are beyond our control. Although we have not faced significant disruptions in the procurement of raw materials in the past, we cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to obtain adequate supplies of our raw materials, in a timely manner, in the future. 

36 

**_11. A shortage or non-availability of electricity, fuel or water or an increase in fuel prices may adversely affect our manufacturing operations and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial conditions._** 

Our manufacturing facilities require a significant amount and continuous supply of electricity, fuel and water. We source electricity and water for our manufacturing facilities from the relevant state departments pursuant to contractual arrangements entered into with them. We also have a coal based captive power plant at our Mettur Facility and two natural gas based captive power plants at our Karaikal Facility. However, we cannot assure you that the captive power plants will be able to generate an adequate supply of electricity. Further, if there are any restrictions on the usage of coal or natural gas by the central or the state governments, such restrictions may adversely impact the supply of electricity required for our operations at the Mettur Facility. Also, if there is any shortage in the supply of natural gas, our natural gas based captive power plants may not be able to generate an adequate supply of electricity. 

In addition, some of our raw materials are required to be stored at specific temperatures, supported by continuous supply of electricity. If the supply of electricity, water or fuel is not available for any reason, we will need to rely on alternative sources. Any failure on our part to obtain alternate sources of electricity, fuel or water, in a timely fashion, and at an acceptable cost, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_12. Our operations depend on the availability of timely and cost-efficient transportation and other logistic facilities and any prolonged disruption may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial conditions._** 

Our operations depend on the timely transport of raw materials to our manufacturing facilities and of our products to our customers. We use a combination of land and ocean transport and typically rely on third party transportation providers for such purposes, which are subject to various bottlenecks and other hazards beyond our control, including customs, weather, strikes or civil disruptions. For example, we may experience disruption in the transportation of raw materials by ship due to bad weather conditions.  Any failure to maintain a continuous supply of raw materials or to deliver our products to our customers in an efficient and reliable manner could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial conditions. 

**_13. Some of the raw materials that we use as well as our finished products are hazardous, corrosive and flammable and require expert handling and storage. Any accidents may result in loss of property of our Company and/or disruption in the manufacturing processes which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

Certain of the raw materials that we use as well as our finished goods are corrosive and flammable and require expert handling and storage. While our Company believes that it has necessary controls and processes in place, any failure of such systems, mishandling of hazardous chemicals, leakages, explosion or any adverse incident related to the use of these chemicals or otherwise during the manufacturing process, transportation, handling or storage of products and certain raw materials, may cause industrial accidents, fire, loss of human life and property, damage to our and third-party property and, or, environmental damage, require shutdown of one or more of our manufacturing facilities and expose us to civil or criminal liability. If any such event were to occur we could be subject to significant penalties, other actionable claims and, in some instances, criminal prosecution. In addition to adversely affecting our reputation, any such accidents, may result in a loss of property of our Company and/or disruption in our manufacturing operations entirely, which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_14. We do not own premises for our registered office. Further, we operate our manufacturing facility on parcels that are held by us on a leasehold as well as a free hold basis. In addition, our lease for the Vedaranyam Salt Field has expired._** 

We do not own premises for our registered office. The lease for the Vedaranyam Salt Field has expired and we are in the process of renewing the lease deed. Further, we operate our manufacturing facility on parcels of land that are held by us on a leasehold as well as freehold basis. We cannot assure you that we will be able to renew our leases on commercially acceptable terms, or at all. In the event that we are required to vacate our current premises, we would be required to make alternative arrangements and we cannot assure that the new arrangements will be on commercially acceptable terms. If we are required to 

37 

relocate our business operations or shut down our manufacturing facilities, we may suffer a disruption in our operations or have to pay increased charges, which could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_15. We plan our capital expenditure for our custom manufacturing operations against purchase orders and our failure to successfully enter into long-term contracts could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

We derive a portion of our revenues from our custom manufacturing operations and have incurred capital expenditure over the years to grow our operations and set up our manufacturing facility. We typically plan and incur capital expenditure for future periods against purchase orders placed by customers. Our inability to successfully enter into long-term contracts or negotiate more favourable terms for our Company may result in us incurring expenses and making investments without a proportionate increase in our revenues. The occurrence of any such event could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_16. We have significant planned capital expenditure, and such expenditure may not yield the benefits we anticipate._** 

We expect to incur significant capital expenditure in the coming future. For instance, we are proposing to expand our operations by (i) increasing the annual production capacity of specialty paste PVC resin by 35 kt; (ii) setting up a multipurpose facility for our custom manufacturing operations; and (iii) increasing the annual production capacity of suspension PVC resin by 31 kt by de-bottlenecking the suspension PVC resin plant. We also intend to improve our operational efficiencies in our manufacturing process at the Karaikal Facility by undertaking de-bottlenecking exercises. Our capital expenditure plans are subject to a number of variables, including possible cost overruns; accidents, construction and development delays or defects; construction being affected by adverse weather conditions; satisfactory and timely performance by construction contractors; receipt of any governmental or regulatory approvals and permits; political risk; availability of financing on acceptable terms; and changes in management’s views of the desirability of current plans, among others. For example, during the setting up of the hydrogen peroxide plant at our Mettur Facility in Financial Year 2020, we experienced a delay of three months and incurred an additional amount of ₹ 130.00 million over initial estimates. We may also require additional financing in order to expand and upgrade our existing facilities as well as to construct new facilities. However, we cannot assure you that our operations will be able to generate cash flows sufficient to cover such costs. Further, financing required for such investments may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all, and we may be restricted by the terms and conditions of our existing or future financing agreements. If we decide to raise additional funds through the incurrence of debt, our interest obligations will increase, which could significantly affect financial measures such as our earnings per share. If we decide to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, your ownership interest in our Company will be diluted. 

Further, any inability to obtain sufficient financing could result in the delay, reduction or abandoning of our development and expansion plans. As a result, if adequate capital is not available, there could be an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The actual amount and timing of our future capital requirements may differ from our estimates as a result of, among other things, unforeseen delays or cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, engineering design changes, weather- related delays and technological changes. 

Consequently, we cannot assure you that any expansion or improvement of our existing manufacturing facility or setting up of multi-purpose facility, will be completed as planned or on schedule, or that we will achieve our increased planned output capacity or operational efficiency. If we experience significant delays in the implementation of our expansion plans or if there are significant cost overruns, the overall benefit of such plans to our revenues and profitability may decline. If the expenditure that we incur does not produce anticipated or desired results, our profitability, cash flows and financial condition will be adversely affected. 

**_17. Information relating to the historical installed capacity and estimated capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is based on various assumptions and estimates and our future production and capacity may vary._** 

Information relating to the historical installed capacity and estimated capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is based on various assumptions 

38 

and estimates of our management and an independent chartered engineer, including assumptions relating to expected operations, availability of raw materials, expected unit utilization levels, downtime resulting from scheduled maintenance activities, downtime resulting from change in stock keeping units for a particular product, unscheduled breakdowns as well as expected operational efficiencies. Actual production volumes and capacity utilization rates may differ significantly from the estimated production capacities and historical capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities. For instance, we commissioned the hydrogen peroxide plant in Financial Year 2020 and our actual product volumes and capacity utilization rates may be different from the estimated production capacity. Investors should therefore not place undue reliance on our historical installed capacity information for our existing manufacturing facilities included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_18. CCVL became our wholly owned subsidiary pursuant to the CCVL Acquisition and any failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the CCVL Acquisition or any acquisition, joint venture or partnership that we may undertake in the future, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

CCVL became a wholly owned subsidiary of our Company pursuant to a CCVL Acquisition on March 31, 2021. For the purposes of the CCVL Acquisition, although we have sought and obtained consents from most of the lenders from whom such consents are required, consent from one lender, namely Indian Overseas Bank, in respect of certain working capital facilities availed by us is yet to be received as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. We cannot assure you that we will receive the consent in a timely manner, or at all, or that the lender will not impose certain onerous conditions. The success of the CCVL Acquisition or any other acquisition or joint venture that we may undertake in the future will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated growth opportunities and synergies from combining these businesses. Integrating the business of CCVL or another entity with ours is a task that will require substantial time, expense and effort from our management. If the management’s attention is diverted or there are any difficulties associated with integrating these businesses, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

Even if we are able to successfully combine the business operations, it may not be possible to realize the full benefits of the integration opportunities, the synergies and other benefits that we currently expect will result from this acquisition, or realize these benefits within the time frame that we currently expect. Further, we may be unable to find suitable companies to acquire, assets to purchase or joint ventures to pursue in the future. Any failure to identify suitable opportunities or to realize the anticipated benefits of any acquisition, joint venture or partnership, in a timely manner, or at all, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Further, 100% of the share capital of CCVL, which is held by our Company, is pledged in favour of Housing Development Finance Corporation Limited for the purpose of securing certain financing facilities availed by SESL. Any default in respect of the aforesaid facility, could result in such pledge being invoked, and consequent disposal of such shareholding by Housing Development Finance Corporation Limited. For further details in regard to the share capital of CCVL, see “ _Our Subsidiary_ ” on page 165. 

**_19. The Pro Forma Financial Information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus may not accurately reflect our future financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and business._** 

This Draft Red Herring Prospectus contains the Pro Forma Financial Information for us as at and for the nine months ended December 31, 2020 and for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2020 to give a proforma effect to the acquisition of CCVL. For further details, see “ _Pro Forma Financial Information_ ” on page 258. The Pro Forma Financial Information has been prepared to illustrate the impact of the acquisition of CCVL on the balance sheet as at December 31, 2020 and March 31, 2020 as if such transactions had taken place on December 31, 2020 and March 31, 2020, respectively, and the effect on the statement of profit and loss for the nine months ended December 31, 2020 and Financial Year ended March 31, 2020, as if our Company had obtained control over CCVL on April 1, 2020 and April 1, 2019, respectively. The Pro Forma Financial Information addresses a hypothetical situation and does not represent our actual consolidated financial results and is not intended to be indicative of our future financial condition and results of operation. 

As this pro forma financial information is prepared for illustrative purposes only, it is, by its nature, subject to change and may not give an accurate picture of the actual financial condition and results of operations that would have occurred had such transactions by us been effected on the dates they are assumed to have been effected. The Pro Forma Financial Information have not been prepared in 

39 

accordance with accounting or other standards and practices generally accepted in jurisdictions other than India, such as Regulation S-X under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and accordingly should not be relied upon as if they had been prepared in accordance with those standards and practices of any other jurisdiction. If the various assumptions underlying the preparation of the Pro Forma Financial Information do not come to pass, our actual results could be materially different from those indicated in the Pro Forma Financial Information. Further, in connection with the CCVL Acquisition, in compliance with regulations applicable to us, we may incur certain costs, which could also cause such Pro Forma Financial Information to not be reflective of our future performance. Our Statutory Auditor has also included an emphasis of matter in the assurance report on the Pro Forma Financial Information, describing the impact of COVID -19 pandemic on the business and operations and carrying value of assets of our Company and CCVL. 

Further, for the purposes of the CCVL Acquisition, consent from one lender, namely Indian Overseas Bank, in respect of certain working capital facilities availed by us is yet to be received as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. We cannot assure you that we will receive the consent in a timely manner, or at all, or that the lender will not impose certain onerous conditions. 

**_20. Our inability to respond to changing customer preferences in a timely and effective manner, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

The success of our business depends upon our ability to anticipate and identify changes in the preferences of customers and offer them products that they require, on a timely basis. Although we seek to identify such trends and introduce new products, we cannot assure you that our products would gain consumer acceptance or that we will be able to successfully compete in such new product segments. In order to remain competitive, we must develop, test and manufacture new products, which must meet regulatory standards and receive requisite regulatory approvals. 

It is often difficult to estimate the time to successful introduce new products and there is a substantial risk that we may have to abandon a potential product that is no longer commercially viable, even after we have invested significant resources in the development of such product. If we fail to successfully introduce new products, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_21. Our Statutory Auditor has included certain emphasis of matters and other matters paragraph, in our Restated Consolidated Summary Statements, and the statutory auditor of CCVL, has included certain emphasis of matter, in its audit reports._** 

Our Statutory Auditor has included emphasis of matters in its examination report on our Restated Consolidated Summary Statements (i) for the nine months ended December 31, 2020 and the financial year 2020, describing the impact of COVID-19 pandemic, and its consequential impact on our Company’s operations and carrying value of its assets; and (ii) for the financial year 2019, describing a composite scheme of arrangement involving, _inter alia,_ our Company and the related accounting treatment in respect of a demerger and a common control business combination in accordance with the certified order of the NCLT dated April 26, 2019 approving the combination with effect from an appointed date of April 1, 2018. Further, our Statutory Auditor has included other matter in (i) the nine months ended December 31, 2020, stating that the interim financial statements of our Company for the nine months ended December 31, 2019, included in the interim consolidated financial statements, are not audited and have been furnished to our Statutory Auditor by our management; and (ii) for the financial year 2018, stating that the comparative information as at and for the year ended March 31, 2017 included in the consolidated financial statement is not audited and has been furnished to our Statutory Auditor by our management. We cannot assure you that our Statutory Auditor’s observations for any future financial period will not contain similar remarks, emphasis of matters or other matters, prescribed under the Companies (Auditors Report) Order, 2016, and will not be included in the auditor’s report on our financial statements for the future financial periods and that such matters will not otherwise affect out results of operations. For further details in relation to (i) the emphasis of matters and other matters included by the other auditor in the audit reports on consolidated financial statements of Sanmar Group International Limited; and (ii) other matters included by the other auditor in in the audit reports on the consolidated financial statements of Mowbrays Corporate Finance, see “ _Restated Consolidated Summary Statements”_ on page 193. 

Further, the statutory auditor of CCVL has included an emphasis of matter in (i) its audit report on CCVL’s Standalone Financial Statements for the nine months ended December 31, 2020, describing the 

40 

uncertainties and impact of COVID-19 pandemic, and its consequential impact on CCVL’s operations and carrying value of its assets; (ii) its audit report on CCVL’s Standalone Financial Statements for the financial year 2020, describing the impact of COVID-19 pandemic on CCVL’s liquidity position and the recoverability of carrying value of property, plant and equipment, inventories and investments as assessed by the management of CCVL; and (iii) its audit report for financial year 2019, describing a composite scheme of arrangement and the accounting for a common control business combination in accordance with the certified order of the NCLT dated April 26, 2019 approving the combination involving CCVL with effect from an appointed date of April 1, 2018 with restatement of comparative periods for the effect of the combination in accordance with Ind AS 103. 

**_22. CCVL’s business is subject to seasonal and cyclical variations that could result in fluctuations in our results of operations._** 

Suspension PVC resin sales in India are subject to seasonal variations linked to monsoon. As a result of such seasonal fluctuations, going forward our consolidated sales and results of operations may vary by financial quarter and may not be relied upon as indicators of the sales or results of operations of other fiscal quarters, or of our future performance. 

**_23. We are susceptible to potential product liability claims that may not be covered by insurance, which may require substantial expenditure and may adversely affect our reputation and if successful, could require us to pay substantial sums._** 

We have to be compliant with regulatory as well as typical customer specific requirements and all our products and manufacturing processes are subject to stringent quality standards and specifications. Our business inherently exposes us to potential product liability claims, and the severity and timing of such claims are unpredictable. While our products are extensively researched before being commercialized and we obtain and maintain quality certifications and accreditations from independent certification entities and also comply with prescribed specifications and standards of quality approved by the Government in connection with the products we manufacture, if we fail to comply with the applicable quality standards or if the relevant accreditation institute or agency declines to certify our products, or if we are otherwise unable to obtain such quality accreditations in the future, in a timely manner or at all, it may give rise to product liability claims. We may also be subject to claims resulting from manufacturing defects or negligence in storage or handling, which may lead to the deterioration of our products, or from defects arising from deterioration in our quality controls. For example, although we extensively test our raw material EDC and VCM, there could still be some deviation from prescribed quality standards due to factors such as human error. Further, certain of our other raw material such as ethylene and VCM are required to be stored and handled carefully and under certain safety conditions. Product liability claims, regardless of their merits or the ultimate success of the defense against them, are expensive. Even unsuccessful product liability claims would likely require us to incur substantial amounts on litigation, divert our management’s time, adversely affect our goodwill and impair the marketability of our products. Although we have obtained product liability coverage, if any product liability claim sustained against exceeds the policy limits, it could harm our business and financial condition. In addition, insurance coverage for product liability may become prohibitively expensive in the future. As a result, it is possible that, in the future, we may not be able to obtain the type and amount of coverage we desire at an acceptable price and self-insurance may become the sole commercially reasonable means available for managing the product liability risks of our business. We may also experience a product recall. Any product recall, product liability claim or adverse regulatory action may adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_24. Our intellectual property rights may not be adequately protected against third party infringement._** 



We have two registered trademarks ‘CHEMPLAST’ and . Further, our Company owns the tradename ‘CHEMPLAST’. Pursuant to a grant letter dated May 20, 2019, our Company has granted CCVL, a royalty free, non-exclusive, personal, non-transferable right to use the above mentioned tradename and the trademarks, subject to certain conditions, in the trade and business of suspension PVC resin and in related commercial and advertising documents. Additionally, pursuant to a letter dated March 22, 2021, our Promoter has granted our Company, a royalty free, non-exclusive, personal, non- 

41 



transferable right to use the trade name / trade mark . We have also purchased the manufacturing technology and know-how for hydrogen peroxide in 2017. In addition, we have entered into a technology license agreement dated April 30, 2006 with Ineos Vinyls UK Ltd. for the nonexclusive, non-transferable right to use technical information and know-how for, among other things, manufacturing suspension PVC resin and technology for the use of PVC additives, which was valid till April 30, 2016. However, certain clauses including the rights to use the technology survived the expiration of the agreement. The agreement was subsequently transferred to CCVL pursuant to the demerger of suspension PVC resin undertaking from our Company as per the NCLT order dated April 26, 2019. We cannot assure you that we will continue to have the uninterrupted use and enjoyment of these trademarks and our other intellectual property rights. We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights against third party infringement and any unauthorized use of our intellectual property including our brand on products which are not manufactured by us and which are of inferior quality, and which may adversely affect our brand value and consequently our business. The use of trade names or trademarks by third parties which are similar to our trade names or trademarks may result in confusion among customers and loss of business. Further, entities in India could pass off their own products as ours, including counterfeit or pirated products. For example, certain entities could imitate our brand names, packaging materials or attempt to create look-alike products. As a result, our market share could be reduced due to replacement of demand for our products and adversely affect our goodwill. In addition, any adverse experience of customers of such third-party products, or negative publicity attracted by such third-party products could adversely affect our reputation, brand and business. The proliferation of unauthorized copies of our products, and the time and attention lost to defending claims and complaints about spurious products, could decrease our revenue and have an adverse effect on our reputation, goodwill and results of operations. 

We may also be susceptible to claims from third parties asserting infringement and other related claims relating to trademarks and brands under which we sell our products. Any such claim could adversely affect our relationship with existing or potential customers, result in costly litigation and divert management’s attention and resources. An adverse ruling arising out of any intellectual property dispute could subject us to liability for damages and could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_25. Failure to maintain confidential information of our customers could adversely affect our results of operations and, or, damage our reputation._** 

We enter into confidentiality agreements and non-disclosure agreements with our customers for whom we undertake custom manufacturing. As per these agreements, we are required to keep confidential, the know-how and technical specifications provided to us by these customers. In the event of any breach or alleged breach of our confidentiality agreements with our customers by us or our employees, these customers may terminate their engagements with us and/or initiate litigation for breach of contract, seeking damages and compensation from us. Assertions of misappropriation of confidential information or the intellectual property of our customers against us, if successful, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if such assertions against us are unsuccessful, they may cause us to incur reputational harm and substantial cost. 

# **_26. We may be affected by strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees that could interfere with our operations._** 

As at December 31, 2020, we had 930 employees, in addition to contractual labour. We also have unionized labour at our Mettur Facility and at the Vedaranyam Salt Field. The success of our operations depends on availability of labour and maintaining good relationship with our workforce. We cannot assure you that our relations with our employees shall remain cordial at all times and that employees will not undertake or participate in strikes, work stoppages or other industrial actions in the future. Any labour disruption may adversely affect our manufacturing operations either by increasing our cost of production or halt a portion or all of our production. For example, our employees at our Mettur Facility went on strike in 2018 due to a labour dispute. As a result, we had to temporarily halt our production at the specialty paste PVC resin plant at the Mettur Facility for few days. Such events may adversely affect our business, results of operation and financial performance. 

42 

**_27. Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or adequate to protect us against all material hazards, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our operations are subject to hazards inherent in chemical manufacturing facilities. Our principal types of coverage include industrial all risk policy, burglary policy, public liability policy, property policy, marine insurance policy, special contingency policy commercial general liability insurance and group insurance. We could be held liable for accidents that occur at our manufacturing facilities or otherwise arising out of our operations. In the event of personal injuries, fires or other accidents suffered by our employees or other people, we could face claims alleging that we were negligent, provided inadequate supervision or be otherwise liable for the injuries. Further, we do not have a director’s and officer’s liability insurance policy. While we believe that the insurance coverage which we maintain would be reasonably adequate to cover the normal risks associated with the operation of our business, to the extent that we suffer loss or damage, for which we have not obtained or maintained insurance, or which is not covered by insurance, which exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time and we may not be able to renew our policies in a timely manner, or at acceptable cost. 

# **_28. Changes in technology may render our current technologies obsolete or require us to incur substantial capital expenditure._** 

Our industry rapidly changes due to technological advances and scientific discoveries. These changes result in the frequent introduction of new products and significant price competition. Although we strive to keep our technology, facilities and machinery current with the latest international standards, the technologies, facilities and machinery we currently employ may become less competitive or even obsolete due to advancement in technology or changes in market demand, which may require us to incur substantial capital expenditure. If we cannot make enhancements to our technology to remain competitive, for any reason, our competitive position, and in turn our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

# **_29. Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of data security could adversely affect our business._** 

We depend upon information technology systems and third party software, including internet-based systems, for our business operations, and these systems facilitate the flow of real-time information across departments and allows us to make information driven decisions and manage performance. The size and complexity of our computer systems make them potentially vulnerable to breakdown, malicious intrusion and computer viruses. Any such disruption may result in the loss of key information and disrupt our operations. In addition, our systems are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches, whether by employees or others that may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. Such data security breaches could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, or could lead to the public exposure of personal information (including sensitive personal information) of our employees, customers and others. Although we have not experienced any significant disruptions to, or security breaches of, our information technology systems, we cannot assure you that we will not encounter such disruptions in the future and any such disruptions or security breaches could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. 

# **_30. Our management team are critical to our continued success and the loss of such personnel could adversely affect our business._** 

Our success significantly depends upon the continued service of our management team who we believe are necessary to successfully lead the development of our business. Our ability to retain and attract qualified individuals is critical to our success. These executives possess technical and business capabilities that may be difficult to replace. Competition for individuals with specialized knowledge and experience is intense in our industry. Further, as we expect to continue to expand our operations and develop new products, we will need to continue to attract and retain experienced management personnel. If we are unable to retain or attract such members or are unable to locate suitable or qualified replacements, our results of operations may be adversely affected. 

43 

# **_31. We engage contract labour for carrying out certain non-core functions of the business operations._** 

We engage independent contractors through whom we engage contract labour for performance of certain non-core functions at our manufacturing units as well as at our offices, such as security. Although we do not engage these labourers directly, we are responsible for any wage payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractors. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and our financial condition. 

# **_32. We face foreign exchange fluctuation risks that could adversely affect our results of operations._** 

We are exposed to foreign exchange related fluctuation risks since our business is dependent on imports entailing large foreign exchange transactions, in currencies including USD, EUR and GBP. For the nine months ended December 31, 2020 and financial years 2020, 2019 and 2018, our Company imported 77%, 64%, 73% and 92% of its raw materials. Although we closely follow our exposure to foreign currencies and selectively enter into hedging transactions in an attempt to reduce the risks of currency fluctuations, these activities are not always sufficient to protect us against incurring potential losses if currencies fluctuate significantly. In addition, the policies of the RBI may also change from time to time, which may limit our ability to effectively hedge our foreign currency exposures and may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_33. If we are unable to raise additional capital, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected._** 

We will continue to incur significant expenditure in maintaining and growing our existing infrastructure. We cannot assure you that we will have sufficient capital resources for our current operations or any future expansion plans that we may have. While we expect our cash on hand, cash flow from operations and our non-fund based working capital limits to be adequate to fund our existing commitments, our ability to incur any future borrowings, including non fund based limits, is dependent upon the success of our operations. Our ability to arrange financing and the costs of capital of such financing are dependent on numerous factors, including general economic and capital market conditions and the effect of events such as the COVID-19 pandemic, credit availability from banks, investor confidence, the continued success of our operations and laws that are conducive to our raising capital in this manner. Any unfavourable change to terms of borrowings may adversely affect our ability to import raw materials and our cash flows, results of operations and financial conditions. If we decide to meet our capital requirements through debt financing, we may be subject to certain restrictive covenants and may have to grant security interests over certain of our assets. If we are unable to raise adequate capital, including through non fund based limits, in a timely manner and on acceptable terms, or at all, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

**_34. Our ability to access capital at attractive costs depends on our credit ratings. Non-availability of credit ratings or a poor rating may restrict our access to capital and thereby adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

The cost and availability of capital, among other factors, depend on our credit rating. Our present credit rating is set forth below: 

|**Agency**|**Instrument**|**Rating**|**Outlook**|
|---|---|---|---|
|India<br>Ratings<br>&|Long-Term Issuer Rating|Ind A-/Stable|Stable|
|Research, A Fitch|Term loan|WD(paid in full)|-|
|Group Company|Fund-based working capital<br>facilities|WD|-|
||Non-fund-based working<br>capital facilities|IND A1|-|
||Proposed non-fund-based<br>workingcapital facilities|Provisional IND A1|-|
|Brickwork Ratings|NCD|BWR A/Negative|Reaffirmed with<br>Revision of Outlook<br>to Negative|



44 

|**Agency**|**Instrument**|**Rating**|**Outlook **|
|---|---|---|---|
||Fund based: Proposed Cash<br>Credit (Sublimit of non-fund<br>based facility)|BWR A/Negative|Reaffirmed with<br>Revision of Outlook<br>to Negative|
||Fund based / non-fund-based|BWR A1|Reaffirmed|
||_WCDL/LC/BG/SBLC_|||
||_Proposed_<br>_WCDL/LC/BG/SBLC_|||



Our credit rating reflects, amongst other things, the rating agency’s opinion of our financial strength, operating performance, strategic position, and ability to meet our obligations. Our inability to obtain such credit rating in a timely manner or any non-availability of credit ratings, or poor ratings, or any downgrade in our ratings may increase borrowing costs and constrain our access to capital and lending markets and, as a result, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, non-availability of credit ratings could increase the possibility of additional terms and conditions being added to any new or replacement financing arrangements. 

Similarly, CCVL’s credit ratings are set forth below: 

|**Agency**|**Instrument**|**Rating**|**Outlook **|
|---|---|---|---|
|Brickwork|Fund Based|BWR A-|Negative reaffirmed with|
|Ratings|_Term loan_||Revision of Outlook to|
||_Cash Credit_||Negative|
||Non-fund based|BWR A2+|Reaffirmed|
||_LC/BG/SBLC_|||
||_Proposed BG/LC/SBLC_|||



CCVL’s inability to obtain such credit rating in a timely manner or any non-availability of credit ratings, or poor ratings, or any downgrade in CCVL’s rating may increase borrowing costs and constrain its access to capital and lending markets, and as a result, could adversely affect its business and results of operations. 

**_35. We have incurred significant indebtedness and our lenders have imposed certain restrictive conditions on us under our financing arrangements. This may limit our ability to pursue our business and limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or industry._** 

As of February 28, 2021, we had total outstanding borrowings of ₹ 31,175.47 million. Many of our financing agreements include conditions and restrictive covenants, including the requirement that we obtain consent from or intimate our respective lenders prior to carrying out certain activities and entering into certain transactions including, among others, effecting any change in our Company’s capital structure, carrying out or entering into any amalgamation, consolidation, demerger, merger, restructuring, reorganization, corporate reconstruction by our Company, amending our Company’s memorandum of association or articles of association and investing by way of share capital or lending or advancing funds to or placing deposits with any other concerns except in normal course of our business. These restrictions may limit our flexibility in responding to business opportunities, competitive developments and adverse economic or industry conditions. Further, for the purpose of the Offer and the CCVL Acquisition, although we have sought and obtained consents from most of the lenders from whom such consents are required, consent from one lender, namely Indian Overseas Bank, in respect of certain working capital facilities availed by us is yet to be received as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. We cannot assure you that we will receive the consent in a timely manner, or at all, or that the lender will not impose certain onerous conditions. 

Further, a breach of any of the covenants, or a failure to pay interest or indebtedness when due, under this or any of our other financing arrangements, could result in a variety of adverse consequences, including the termination of one or more of our credit facilities, levy of penal interest, the enforcement of any security provided, acceleration of all amounts due under such facilities, right to appoint nominee on our Board and cross-defaults under certain of our other financing agreements, any of which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

45 

Our financing agreements also generally contain certain financial covenants including the requirement to maintain, among others, specified debt-to-equity ratios. These covenants vary depending on the requirements of the financial institution extending the loan and the conditions negotiated under each financing document. Such covenants may restrict or delay certain actions or initiatives that we may propose to take from time to time. In the past, our Company and CCVL had not complied with financial covenants under certain of our financing agreements. We have obtained waivers of specific breaches and / or confirmations that the financing covenants are not applicable. We cannot assure you that we will comply with the covenants with respect to our financing arrangements in the future or that we will be able to secure waivers for any such non-compliance in a timely manner or at all. If the obligations under any of our financing agreements are accelerated, we may have to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make payments under such financing documents, thereby reducing the availability of cash for our working capital requirements and other general corporate purposes. 

**_36. The success of our business and operations are dependent upon certain quality accreditations which are valid for a limited time period. An inability to renew such accreditations in a timely manner, or at all, may adversely affect our business and prospects._** 

Our manufacturing facilities are certified to ISO 14001:2015, ISO 9001: 2015 and ISO 45001:2018 standards and Responsible Care certifications, to the extent required. Receipt of certifications and accreditations under the standards of quality is important for the success and wide acceptability of our products. If we fail to comply with the requirements for applicable quality standards, or if we are otherwise unable to obtain or renew such quality accreditations in the future, in a timely manner, or at all, our business and prospects may be adversely affected. 

**_37. Land title in India can be uncertain and we may not be able to identify or correct defects or irregularities in title to the land which we own, lease or intend to acquire in connection with the development of our manufacturing plants._** 

There is no central title registry for real estate in India and the documentation of land records in India has not been fully computerized. Property records in India are generally maintained at the state and district level and in local languages, and are updated manually through physical records. Therefore, property records may not be available online for inspection or updated in a timely manner, may be illegible, untraceable, incomplete or inaccurate in certain respects, or may have been kept in poor condition, which may impede title investigations or our ability to rely on such property records. In addition, there may be a discrepancy between the duration of the principal lease under different orders issued by state governments in respect of a particular parcel of revenue land. 

The difficulty of obtaining title guarantees in India means that title records provide only for presumptive rather than guaranteed title. The original title to lands may often be fragmented and the land may have multiple owners. In addition, title insurance is not commercially available in India to guarantee title or development rights in respect of land. The absence of title insurance, coupled with the difficulties in verifying title to land, may increase our exposure to third party claims to the property. Title may also suffer from irregularities, such as non-execution or non-registration of conveyance deeds and inadequate stamping, and may be subjected to encumbrances that we are unaware of. Further, improperly executed, unregistered or insufficiently stamped conveyance instruments in a property’s chain of title, unregistered encumbrances in favor of third parties, rights of adverse possessors, ownership claims of family members of prior owners or third parties, or other defects that a purchaser may not be aware of can affect title to a property. As a result, potential disputes or claims over title to the land on which our manufacturing plants are or will be situated may arise. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments”_ on page 442. 

**_38. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and will continue to do so in the future and we cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favourable terms if such transactions had not been entered into with related parties._** 

We have in the past entered into transactions with certain of our related parties and are likely to do so in the future. For details, see “ _Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 397. While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, we cannot assure you that we could not have obtained more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. Although all related party transactions that we may enter into post-listing, will be subject to 

46 

board or shareholder approval, as necessary under the Companies Act, 2013, as amended and the Listing Regulations, we cannot assure you that such transactions in the future, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

**_39. Our Promoter may be interested in our Company to the extent of Equity Shares held by it._** 

Our Promoter may be interested in our Company to the extent of the Equity Shares held by it in our Company, and any dividends or other distributions on such Equity Shares. For details of shareholding of our Promoter in our Company, see “ _Capital Structure – Details of Shareholding of our Promoter, members of the Promoter Group and directors of our Promoter in our Company_ ” on page 80. Further, our Promoter may be interested to the extent of the use of the tradename ‘S 



Sanmar’ and trade mark “ ”, by our Company. For further details, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters – Other agreements_ ” on page 163. Our Company has also entered into certain business transactions with our Promoter. For details on our related party transactions, see “ _Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 397. We cannot assure you that our Promoter will exercise its right as a shareholder to the benefit and best interest of our Company. 

**_40. There are outstanding litigations involving our Company, CCVL and our Directors. Any adverse outcome in any of these proceedings may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our Company, CCVL and our Directors are involved in certain outstanding legal proceedings, which are pending at different levels of adjudication at different fora. Brief details of such outstanding litigation are as follows: 

|**Type of Proceedings**|**Number of cases**|**Amount involved**<sup>*****</sup><br>|
|---|---|---|
|||**(**₹**in million)**|
|**Cases against our Company**|||
|Criminalproceedings|-|-<br>|
|Actions taken bystatutoryor regulatoryauthorities|31|503.75|
|Claims related to direct and indirect taxes|254|1,111.67|
|Otherpendingmaterial litigationproceedings|1|-|
|**Total**|286|1,615.42|
|**Cases by our Company**|||
|Criminalproceedings|-|-|
|Otherpendingmaterialproceedings|-|-|
|**Total**|-|-|
|**Cases against our Subsidiary**|||
|Criminalproceedings|-|-|
|Actions taken bystatutoryor regulatoryauthorities|2|10.58|
|Claims related to direct and indirect taxes|35|308.71|
|Otherpendingmaterial litigationproceedings|-|-|
|**Total **|37|319.29|
|**Cases by our Subsidiary**|||
|Criminalproceedings|-|-|
|Otherpendingmaterialproceedings|-|-|
|**Total**|-|-|
|**Cases against our Promoter**|||
|Criminalproceedings|-|-|
|Actions taken bystatutoryor regulatoryauthorities|-|-|
|Disciplinary actions including penalties imposed by SEBI<br>or stock exchanges against our Promoter in the last five<br>financialyears.|-|-|
|Claims related to direct and indirect taxes|-|-|
|Otherpendingmaterial litigation|-|-|
|**Total **|-|-|
|**Cases by our Promoter**|||
|Criminalproceedings|-|-|
|Otherpendingmaterial litigation|-|-|
|**Total**|-|-|
|**Cases against the Directors**|||



47 

|**Type of Proceedings**|**Number of cases**|**Amount involved**<sup>*****</sup><br>**(**₹**in million)**|
|---|---|---|
|Criminalproceedings|2|NA|
|Actions taken bystatutoryor regulatoryauthorities|-|-|
|Direct and indirect taxes|-|-|
|Otherpendingmaterial litigation|-|-|
|**Total **|2|NA|
|**Cases by the Directors**|||
|Criminalproceedings|-|-|
|Otherpendingmaterial litigation|-|-|
|**Total**|-|-|
|**Cases against the Group Companies**|||
|Pending litigation which has a material impact on our<br>Company|-|-|
|**Total**|-|-|
|**Cases by the Group Companies**|||
|Pending litigation which has a material impact on our<br>Company|-|-|



_* To the extent quantifiable and ascertainable._ 

For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 442. 

We cannot assure you that these legal proceedings will be decided in favour of our Company, CCVL and our Directors, as the case may be, or that no further liability will arise out of these proceedings. The amounts claimed in these proceedings have been disclosed to the extent ascertainable and include amounts claimed jointly and severally. If any new developments arise, such as change in Indian law or rulings against us by appellate courts or tribunals, we may need to make provisions in our Restated Consolidated Summary Statements that could increase our expenses and current liabilities. Further, such legal proceedings could divert management time and attention and consume financial resources. Any adverse outcome in any of these proceedings may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

**_41. Our Promoter will be able to exercise significant influence and control over our Company after this Offer and may have interests that are different from those of our other shareholders._** 

As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoter holds 132,480,000 Equity Shares (including the Equity Shares held by nominee shareholders), representing 98.81% of the issued, subscribed and paid-up equity share capital of our Company. By virtue of its shareholding, our Promoter will have the ability to exercise significant influence over our Company and our affairs and business, including the election of our Directors, the timing and payment of dividends, the adoption of and amendments to our Memorandum and Articles of Association, the approval of a merger, amalgamation or sale of our assets and the approval of most other actions requiring the approval of our Shareholders. The interests of our Promoter may be different from or conflict with the interests of our other Shareholders and their influence may result in change of management or control of our Company, even if such a transaction may not be beneficial to our other shareholders. 

**_42. Our Promoter has given corporate guarantees and our Promoter Group Selling Shareholder, alongwith our Promoter, has provided letters of comfort for the borrowings and supplier’s credit availed by TCI Sanmar Chemicals S.A.E._** 

Our Promoter has given corporate guarantees and our Promoter Group Selling Shareholder, alongwith our Promoter, has provided letters of comfort for the borrowings and supplier’s credit availed by one of our Group Companies, TCI Sanmar Chemicals S.A.E. For further details in relation to the corporate guarantees and letters of comfort, see “ _Group Companies – Details of Group Companies_ ” on page 185. If the corporate guarantees and letters of comfort are enforced, it may adversely affect the financial position of our Promoter and the Promoter Group Selling Shareholder and consequently, have an impact on the management of our Company. 

**_43. We have commissioned an industry report from CRISIL Limited which has been used for industry related data in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and such data has not been independently_** 

48 

# **_verified by us. Accordingly, prospective investors are advised not to place undue reliance on such information._** 

We have commissioned and paid CRISIL Limited to prepare a report on the chemicals industry and they have provided us with a report titled “Market assessment of PVC, caustic soda, chloromethanes, hydrogen peroxide and custom manufacturing” dated March, 2021 (the “ **CRISIL Report** ”), which has been used for industry related data that has been disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. The CRISIL Report uses certain methodologies for market sizing and forecasting. Neither we, nor any of the GCBRLMs or BRLMs have independently verified such data and therefore, while we believe them to be true, we cannot assure you that they are complete or reliable. Accordingly, investors should read the industry related disclosure in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus in this context. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. While industry sources take due care and caution while preparing their reports, they do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the data. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on the information in the CRISIL Report. 

**_44. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon our earnings, financial condition, cash flows and capital requirements._** 

Our ability to pay dividends depends on our earnings, financial condition, cash flows, capital requirements, applicable Indian legal restrictions and other factors. We may decide to retain all of our earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business and, therefore, may not declare dividends on our Equity Shares. We may, in the future, be restricted by the terms of our loan agreements, from making any dividend payments, unless otherwise agreed upon by our lenders. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. For further details on our dividend policy, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 191. 

Additionally, the Finance Act, 2020 (“ **Finance Act** ”) provides, amongst other things, a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime, including, without limitation, a simplified alternate direct tax regime and that dividend distribution tax ( **“DDT** ”), will not be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident and are likely be subject to tax deduction at source. Our Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source from such dividend. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. 

Further, the Government of India has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2022, pursuant to which the Finance Bill, 2021 (“ **Finance Bill** ”), has introduced various amendments. The Finance Bill has received assent from the President of India on March 28, 2021, and has been enacted as the Finance Act, 2021. We have not fully determined the impact of these recent and proposed laws and regulations on our business. 

# **_45. Some of our Group Companies and CCVL, our wholly owned subsidiary have incurred losses in recent financial years, based on their last available audited financial statements._** 

Some of our Group Companies, namely Sanmar Engineering Services Limited, Sanmar Overseas Investments AG and TCI Sanmar Chemicals S.A.E., have incurred losses in the financial year 2020, based on their audited financial statements. For further information on our loss making Group Companies, see “ _Group Companies – Loss Making Group Companies”_ on page 189. Further, CCVL, our wholly owned subsidiary, incurred a loss after tax for the period of ₹ 976.54 million for financial year 2020, in accordance with its audited standalone financial statements. We cannot assure that our Group Companies or CCVL will not incur losses in the future. 

**_46. We have certain contingent liabilities, which, if materialized, may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37 as of December 31, 2020 were as follows: 

_(₹ in million)_ 

49 

|**Matter**|**As of December**<br>**31, 2020**|
|---|---|
|Claims against the companynot acknowledged as debt:||
|On account of direct taxes|50.54|
|On account of indirect taxes|228.92|
|On account of other disputes|148.98|
|Corporate guarantee given to State Industries Promotion Corporation of|1,076.63|
|<br>Tamil Nadu (SIPCOT) in respect of soft loan availed by Chemplast<br>Cuddalore Vinyls Limited from SIPCOT||
|**Total**|**1,505.07**|



CCVL’s contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37 as of December 31, 2020 were as follows: 

||_(₹ i_<br>|_n million)_<br>|
|---|---|---|
|**Matter**|**As of Decembe**<br>**2020**|**r 31,**|
|Claims against the company not acknowledged as debt on account of<br>indirect taxes||45.98|
|**Total **||**45.98**|



If a significant portion of these liabilities materialize, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Further, there can be no assurance that we will not incur similar or increased levels of contingent liabilities in the future. 

**_47. If we are unable to manage our growth strategy effectively, our business and prospects may be adversely affected._** 

The primary elements of our business strategy are to continue to expand our production capacities, focus on developing and improving our product portfolio and improve our financial performance through focus on operational efficiencies. However, our growth strategies may strain our managerial, operational, financial and other resources. If we are unable to manage our growth strategy effectively, our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_48. Our Company was incorporated in 1985 and some of our corporate records, regulatory filings, including those relating to certain allotments of our equity shares, and transfer of our equity shares undertaken by our Promoter, in the past, are not traceable._** 

Certain corporate records, regulatory filings, and payment acknowledgment with respect to regulatory filings, in relation to certain allotments of equity shares of our Company are not traceable pertaining to a period when the data at the Registrar of Companies was not computerised. We have been unable to trace these documents despite conducting a search at the relevant Registrar of Companies through a third party independent source, and may be unable to obtain copies of these documents in the future to ascertain details of the relevant transactions. While the prior shareholding of our Promoter was cancelled pursuant to Composite Scheme of Arrangement approved by NCLT, Chennai _vide_ order dated April 26, 2019, our Company has not been able to retrieve certain corporate records pertaining to certain acquisitions or sale of equity shares undertaken by our Promoter prior to such cancellation. Accordingly, reliance has been placed on the information available with our Company such as, _inter_ _<mark>alia,</mark>_ <mark>filings made with the RoC, Stock Exchanges and RBI, demat transfer slips, demat statements, board and shareholders’ resolution</mark> and other documents, the certificate provided by the third party independent source, and the confirmations provided by us in respect of the untraceable secretarial documents. We cannot assure you that the information gathered, including through other alternative independent sources and available documents is accurate. For details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 74. 

**_49. We have presented certain supplemental information of our performance and liquidity which is not prepared under or required under Ind AS._** 

This Draft Red Herring Prospectus includes our EBITDA, EBITDA Margin, Net Worth, Net Asset Value, Net Asset Value per Equity Share, Net Tangible Assets, Operating Profit, Return on Net Worth, Total Borrowings and Total Non-Current Borrowings/Total Equity (collectively “ **Non-GAAP Measures** ”), which 

50 

are supplemental measures of our performance and liquidity and are not required by, or presented in accordance with, Ind AS, IFRS or US GAAP. 

Further, these Non-GAAP Measures are not a measurement of our financial performance or liquidity under Ind AS, Indian GAAP, IFRS or US GAAP and should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to cash flows, profit/ (loss) for the years/ period or any other measure of financial performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity, profitability or cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities derived in accordance with Ind AS, Indian GAAP, IFRS or US GAAP. In addition, such non GAAP measures are not standardised terms, hence a direct comparison of these NonGAAP Measures between companies may not be possible. Other companies may calculate these Non-GAAP Measures differently from us, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. Although such Non-GAAP Measures are not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with applicable accounting standards, our Company’s management believes that they are useful to an investor in evaluating us as they are widely used measures to evaluate a company’s operating performance. 

**_50. Any variation in the utilization of the Net Proceeds as disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus shall be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior approval of the shareholders of our Company._** 

We propose to utilize the Net Proceeds towards funding the early redemption of NCDs issued by our Company, in full. For further details of the proposed objects of the Offer, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” beginning on page 87. However, these objects of the Offer have not been appraised by any bank, financial institution or other independent agency. Further, we cannot determine with any certainty if we would require the Net Proceeds to meet any other expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of the competitive environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. In accordance with the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI ICDR Regulations, we cannot undertake any variation in the utilization of the Net Proceeds as disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus without obtaining the approval of shareholders of our Company through a special resolution. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to vary the disclosed utilization of the Net Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain the approval of the shareholders of our Company in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such approval of the shareholders of our Company may adversely affect our business or operations. Further, our Promoter or controlling shareholders, if applicable, would be required to provide an exit opportunity to the shareholders of our Company who do not agree with our proposal to modify the objects of the Offer, at a price and manner as prescribed by SEBI. Additionally, the requirement on Promoter or controlling shareholders, if applicable, to provide an exit opportunity to such dissenting shareholders of our Company may deter the Promoter or controlling shareholders from agreeing to the variation of the proposed utilization of the Net Proceeds, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. Further, we cannot assure you that the Promoter or the controlling shareholders of our Company if applicable, will have adequate resources at their disposal at all times to enable them to provide an exit opportunity. In light of these factors, we may not be able to vary the objects of the Offer to use any unutilized proceeds of the Fresh Issue, if any, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. This may restrict our Company’s ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition by re-deploying the unutilized portion of Net Proceeds, if any, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**_51. Our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. The Selling Shareholders are selling Equity Shares in the Offer for Sale and will receive proceeds as part of the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer includes an Offer for Sale of Equity Shares by the Selling Shareholders. The proceeds from the Offer for Sale will be paid to the Selling Shareholders, in proportion to their respective portion of the Offered Shares transferred by each of them in the Offer for Sale, and we will not receive any such proceeds. For further details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” and “ _Capital Structure_ ” beginning on pages 87 and 74, respectively. 

# **External Risk Factors** 

**_RISKS RELATED TO INDIA_** 

51 

**_52. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

The Indian economy and capital markets are influenced by economic, political and market conditions in India and globally. Our Company is incorporated in India, and all of our assets and employees are located in India. As a result, we are dependent on prevailing economic conditions in India and our results of operations are affected by factors influencing the Indian economy. Further, the following illustrative external risks may have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations, should any of them materialize: 

- increase in interest rates may adversely affect our access to capital and increase our borrowing costs, which may constrain our ability to grow our business and operate profitably; 

- political instability, resulting from a change in governmental or economic and fiscal policies, may adversely affect economic conditions in India. In recent years, India has implemented various economic and political reforms. Reforms in relation to land acquisition policies and trade barriers have led to increased incidents of social unrest in India over which we have no control; 

- instability in other countries and adverse changes in geopolitical situations; 

- civil unrest, local agitation, acts of violence, terrorist attacks, regional conflicts or situations or war; 

- India has experienced epidemics, and natural calamities such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, and drought in recent years; and 

- contagious diseases such as the COVID-19 pandemic, the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine. A worsening of the current COVID-19 pandemic or any similar future outbreaks of COVID-19, avian or swine influenza or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the Indian economy and economic activity in the region. 

Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. Our performance and the growth of our business depend on the overall performance of the Indian economy as well as the economies of the regional markets in which we operate. 

**_53. A downgrade in ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. India’s sovereign rating decreased from Baa2 with a “negative” outlook to Baa3 with a “negative” outlook by Moody’s and from BBB with a “stable” outlook to BBB with a “negative” outlook (Fitch) in June 2020; and from BBB “stable” to BBB “negative” by DBRS in May 2020. India’s sovereign ratings from S&P is BBB- with a “stable” outlook. Any further adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. Such events may adversely affect our business and results of operations as well as the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_54. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of corporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes, including the instances mentioned below, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. For example: 

- the Government of India ratified the Montreal Protocol on Substances that Deplete the Ozone Layer in 1992, and intends to phase out hydrochlorofluorocarbons in a phased manner. These 

52 

provisions are applicable to our Company, and we have to phase out the manufacturing of refrigerant gas by 2030. This may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operation and financial condition; 

- the GAAR became effective from April 1, 2017. The tax consequences of the GAAR provisions being applied to an arrangement could result in denial of tax benefit amongst other consequences. Given the recent implementation of GAAR, there can be no assurances as to the manner in which this tax regime will be implemented, which could create uncertainty. 

- the Government of India has implemented a comprehensive national GST regime that combines taxes and levies by the Central and State Governments into a unified rate structure. In this regard, the Constitution (One hundred and first Amendment) Act, 2016 enables the Government of India and state governments to introduce GST. Any future increases or amendments may affect the overall tax efficiency of companies operating in India and may result in significant additional taxes becoming payable. If, as a result of a particular tax risk materializing, the tax costs associated with certain transactions are greater than anticipated, it could affect the profitability of such transactions. 

Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including with regard to labour, foreign investment, stamp duty, customs duty and antidumping duty governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the application, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

**_55. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against our Company outside India._** 

Our Company is incorporated under the laws of India. Our Company’s assets are located in India and a majority of our Company’s Directors and Key Managerial Personnel are residents of India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce against them judgments obtained in courts outside India. 

India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions, which includes, the United Kingdom, Singapore, Hong Kong and United Arab Emirates. A judgment from certain specified courts located in a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the Civil Code. The United States and India do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any federal or state court in a non-reciprocating territory, such as the United States, for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general securities laws of the United States, would not be enforceable in India under the Civil Code as a decree of an Indian court. 

The United Kingdom, Singapore, Hong Kong and United Arab Emirates have been declared by the Government of India to be reciprocating territories for purposes of Section 44A of the Civil Code. A judgment of a court of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit on the judgment under Section 13 of the Civil Code, and not by proceedings in execution. Section 13 of the Civil Code provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated on except (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case, (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable, (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice, (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. Under the Civil Code, a court in India shall, on the 

53 

production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgment, presume that the judgment was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record. The Civil Code only permits the enforcement of monetary decrees, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. 

However, the party in whose favor such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the United States or other such jurisdiction within three years of obtaining such final judgment. It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Moreover, it is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis and to the extent awarded in a final judgment rendered outside India if it believes that the amount of damages awarded were excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice or public policy. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain the prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered. 

**_56. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Foreign ownership of Indian securities is subject to Government regulation. Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions), if they comply with the pricing and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and does not fall under any of the exceptions specified by the RBI, then the RBI’s prior approval is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. As provided in the foreign exchange controls currently in effect in India, the RBI has provided that the price at which the Equity Shares are transferred be calculated in accordance with internationally accepted pricing methodology for the valuation of shares at an arm’s length basis, and a higher (or lower, as applicable) price per share may not be permitted. Further, in accordance with Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020 issued by the DPIIT and the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Amendment Rules, 2020 which came into effect from April 22, 2020, any investment, subscription, purchase or sale of equity instruments by entities of a country which shares a land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country, will require prior approval of the Government of India, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy and the FEMA Rules. These investment restrictions shall also apply to subscribers of offshore derivative instruments. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular term or at all. For further details, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 500. 

**_57. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as US GAAP and IFRS, which may be material to investors' assessments of our financial condition._** 

The Restated Consolidated Summary Statements included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus have been derived from audited consolidated financial statements and restated in accordance with SEBI ICDR Regulations and Guidance Note on Report in Company Prospectuses (Revised), issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants in India. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP or IFRS. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the Restated Consolidated Summary Statements, which are restated as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

54 

**_58. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may differ to those under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be similar to the shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. 

# **_RISKS RELATED TO THE OFFER_** 

**_59. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares has been determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholders in consultation with the GCRLMs and the BRLMs, and through the Book Building Process. This price is based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 93 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that the investor will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

**_60. After the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

An active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares has been determined through a book-building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results of our Company, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

**_61. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Equity Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

**_62. Foreign investors are subject to foreign investment restrictions under Indian law that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares._** 

Under the foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfers of shares between nonresidents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions) if they comply with the requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements or falls under any of the specified exceptions, then prior approval of the RBI will be required. Further, in accordance with press note 3 of 2020, dated April 17, 2020, issued by the 

55 

Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade, Government of India, the FDI Policy has been recently amended to state that all investments by entities incorporated in a country which shares land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country will require prior approval of the Government of India. These investment restrictions shall also apply to subscribers of offshore derivative instruments. 

In addition, shareholders who seek to convert the Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India will require a no-objection or tax clearance certificate from the income tax authority. Additionally, the Indian government may impose foreign exchange restrictions in certain emergency situations, including situations where there are sudden fluctuations in interest rates or exchange rates, where the Indian government experiences extreme difficulty in stabilizing the balance of payments or where there are substantial disturbances in the financial and capital markets in India. These restrictions may require foreign investors to obtain the Indian government’s approval before acquiring Indian securities or repatriating the interest or dividends from those securities or the proceeds from the sale of those securities. There can be no assurance that any approval required from the RBI or any other government agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. 

**_63. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity-linked securities by us may dilute your shareholding and adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any future issuance of the Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to the Equity Shares by us, including through exercise of employee stock options may dilute your shareholding in our Company, and adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and our ability to raise capital through an issue of our securities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will not issue additional Equity Shares. The disposal of Equity Shares by any of our Promoter or Promoter Group, or the perception that such sales may occur may significantly affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. Except as disclosed in “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 74, we cannot assure you that our Promoter and Promoter Group will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. As of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, 34,860,800 Equity Shares aggregating to 26.00% held by our Promoter have been pledged in favour of IDBI Trusteeship Services Limited (“ **Pledge Deed** ”). Further, an additional 33,520,000 Equity Shares aggregating to 25% have been agreed to be pledged by our Promoter, upon occurrence of certain trigger events, as set out under Pledge Deed, and a non-disposal undertaking dated December 20, 2019 entered between our Company, our Promoter and IDBI Trusteeship Services Limited, has been executed in this regard, wherein our Promoter has agreed not to transfer or encumber the aforesaid Equity Shares. In case of any default by our Company, IDBI Trusteeship Services Limited may invoke the pledge. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that our Promoters and Promoter Group will not dispose of (including pursuant to the invocation of the pledge), pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

**_64. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

A public company incorporated in India must offer its equity shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting on such resolution. 

However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such preemptive rights without our filing an offer document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for your benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of any such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of our Equity Shares, your proportional interests in our Company would be diluted. 

56 

**_65. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after Bid/Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. RIBs can revise or withdraw their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within such period as may be prescribed under applicable law, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

57 

