# **SECTION II - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all of the information disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment decision in the Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or the Equity Shares, to the industries in which we operate or in India. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and the terms of the Offer including the merits and the risks involved. If any of the risks described below or other risks that are currently not known or deemed immaterial actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects could be adversely affected, the trading price of the Equity Shares could decline, and prospective investors may lose all or part of their investment. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in the Equity Shares. Prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with the other sections of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, in particular the sections titled “Our Business”, “Industry Overview” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 137, 111 and 200, respectively, as well as the Restated Financial Statements included in the section titled “Financial Statements” on page 199._ 

_This Draft Red Herring Prospectus contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For further details, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 12._ 

_Unless otherwise stated or required by context, the financial information used in this section has been derived from our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements of our Company._ 

# **A. INTERNAL RISKS AND RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR BUSINESS** 

**_1. A decrease in the availability or use of cash as the predominant mode of payment in India could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

Our business and results of operations are significantly dependent on the use of cash remaining the predominant mode of payment in India. The use of cash as the predominant method of payment in India has been driven primarily by consumer and retailer preferences related to cashless and other methods of payment, including limitations on the availability and security of other methods of payment and the additional surcharges and fees often levied for their use. However, the proliferation of payment options other than cash, including credit cards, debit cards, POS terminals, stored-value cards, mobile payments and on-line purchase activity has increased significantly in certain other countries globally in recent years and a significant shift in consumer trends in India with respect to the use of cashless payment methods could result in a reduction in the use of cash as a payment method. 

The RBI and the GoI have publicly stated that they are undertaking initiatives to encourage greater adoption of electronic and cashless payment methods, which could reduce the amount of cash in circulation and the use of cash as the preferred mode of payment in India. In addition, the RBI has set out in its “Payment and Settlement Systems in India: Vision-2018” statement of June 23, 2016 and in other public statements that it is undertaking strategic initiatives to encourage greater adoption of cashless payment methods, and promoting cashless payments has been a key part of the GoI’s broader efforts to, among other things, curtail the circulation of counterfeit Indian currency. 

In the event such government initiatives take effect, there is a shift in consumer trends in India with respect to the use of cashless payment methods or there is a decline in the use of cash as a mode of payment for any other reason, there may, for example, be a reduction in the amount of cash in circulation, less need for cash to be transported and a decrease in the number of ATMs deployed or in service generally or with respect to particular locations or markets, which could result in our customers having less need for our cash management services and our managed services. It could also result in a decline in the use of cash as a mode of payment in India. This would also adversely affect our future plans and strategies, such as our proposed plans to expand our Brown Label ATMs business. Any such development would have an adverse effect on our business, decrease the demand for our cash management services, our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

13 

**_2. Our business is highly dependent on the banking sector in India and any adverse development with respect to Indian banks that adversely affects their utilisation of and demand for cash management services or their deployment or utilisation of ATMs could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

Our cash management services, which accounted for 59.61%, 69.73% and 81.70% of our total revenue from operations for Fiscal Years 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively, are ultimately utilized by banks, while most of the customers of our managed services, which accounted for 22.51%, 27.97% and 13.87% of our total revenue from operations for Fiscal Years 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively, and of our cards business are banks. As a result, our business is both directly and indirectly highly dependent on the banking sector in India. The ability of banks to make expenditures on cash management services, offer cash management services to their retail customers, continue to outsource cash management services and expand their ATM networks depends on the performance of their own businesses, which can in turn be impacted by a number of factors, some of which are beyond their control, including changes in interest rates, the performance of the Indian economy, India’s GDP growth, inflation, the RBI’s monetary policies and GoI regulations, domestic and international economic and political conditions, increased default and non-payment rates by customers and any financial difficulties they may have in relation to their commercial soundness due to their close credit, trading, clearing or other relationships they have with other financial institutions in India. For example, increased default and non-payment rates by customers and any financial difficulties they may have in servicing their obligations to the banks can impact the financial performance and, depending on the extent to which the bank’s customers default or fail to comply with their service requirements, can impact the commercial soundness of the bank, which may negatively impact the bank’s operations, and the amount of customers it services, which can decrease the bank’s demand for our services. The ability of banks to sustain their financial performance and execute their growth strategies in light of these factors depends on, among other things, their ability to manage their expenditures, including with respect to cash management and their ATM networks. 

Any adverse developments that impact the businesses of banks could result in banks postponing or cancelling any planned expenditures with respect to ATM cash management services they outsource to MSPs, retail cash management services they provide or their ATM networks, which in turn could result in decreased demand for our services. It could also result in increased competition for cash management and managed services mandates and increased pricing pressure for the services we provide. Banks could decide to, or implement strategies or other risk management policies which require them to, distribute their outsourcing requirements to a broader range of third-party service providers, or to redistribute certain cash management service requirements between their existing third-party service providers or to different thirdparty service providers, which could adversely affect their demand for our services. 

Banks could also decide to develop their own cash management and managed services platforms to save on third-party costs, reducing the amount of those services that they outsource to third-party suppliers, such as MSPs and companies like us, or develop unified procurement platforms, which would enable them to negotiate with us as a single customer with increased market power. As a result, there can be no assurance that banks will continue to outsource their cash management and managed services to the same extent or on the same terms they do now or at all. Any adverse development with respect to the banking sector or the demand for the services that we provide directly or indirectly to the banking sector, or the ability of any particular bank to outsource cash management activities, either as a result of regulatory or other developments, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

In addition, banks may perceive our position as a leading cash management services company in India as a potential concentration risk to their business and operations, and may decide to, or implement strategies or other risk management policies which require them to reduce or limit the amount of cash management services they purchase from us, and may also require them to distribute those services to other market participants or our competitors, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

14 

**_3. We derive a substantial portion of our revenue from a limited number of customers. If one or more of our key customers were to suffer a deterioration in their business, cease doing business with us or substantially reduce its dealings with us, our revenues could decline, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

For Fiscal Years 2015, 2016 and 2017, our top three customers in terms of revenue contributed 33.16%, 39.49% and 29.15%, respectively, our top five customers in terms of revenue contributed 42.89%, 51.63% and 43.07%, respectively, and our top 10 customers in terms of revenue contributed 57.61%, 69.43% and 66.96%, respectively, in each case of our total revenue from our operations. A large public sector bank contributed 19.89%, 24.25% and 8.66% in Fiscal Years 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively. Accordingly, a significant percentage of our future revenues will be dependent upon the successful continuation of our relationships with these customers. 

The loss of any of our key customers, due to our inability to renew our contracts with them or failure to secure a large order from them, or a decision by any one of them to reduce the services we provide to them would result in a decline in our revenues. Furthermore, if the financial condition of any of our key customers were to deteriorate in the future, or if one or more of our key customers were to close, reduce or consolidate their ATM and RCM networks, or choose not to undertake expansion plans, our revenues could be significantly affected. Further, we may fail to collect or recover any or all receivables from such customers for services already rendered by us. 

Most of our key customer contracts are subject to annual pricing renegotiations, and may also be terminated by any party by notice without cause. Our key customers may also elect not to renew their contracts with us upon expiration or following negotiations with us. In addition, even if our customers renew their contracts with us, the renewal terms may be less favourable to us than our current contracts with them. If any of our key customers fail to renew their contract with us upon expiration, or if the renewal terms with any of them are less favourable to us than under our current contracts, it could result in a decline in our revenues from such customers, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. There can be no assurance that any of our key customers will renew their contracts with us upon expiration, or that any renewal terms will not be less favourable to us than our current contracts, and to the extent we are not able to renew our contracts with our key customers, there can also be no assurance that we will be able to find new customers of appropriate size or at all in the future to compensate for any key customers that we lose or that renew their contracts on less favourable terms. 

**_4. Our business is exposed to operational risks for which we have incurred and expect to continue to incur risk costs and penalties. Any material increase in these costs could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Given the large volumes of cash we handle and the large base of ATMs we manage, we are exposed to various operational risks, including armed robbery, end-customer or third-party fraud, theft or embezzlement by employees or personnel provided by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers, reporting errors, both deliberate and inadvertent, failure to collect or recover any or all receivables from customers for services already rendered by us, and failure to meet specific requirements (e.g., turn-around time for first-line maintenance or second-line maintenance calls, reporting within a specified time period, ATM uptime criteria, etc.) under applicable service agreements for which we may incur penalty charges. In particular, we may experience shortfalls in the amounts of cash in a given ATM compared to the switch balance, bank customer claims and breaches of service-level agreements. In such circumstances, the customer may deduct such amount or penalty from the aggregate fees paid to us for the services we provide and we therefore reduce these amounts from the amount of revenue we recognize. In Fiscal Years 2015, 2016 and 2017, such deducted amounts accounted for approximately 2% to 4% of our total income. We also account for cash lost in transit, which includes theft, robbery, misappropriation, infidelity and embezzlement by employees or personnel provided by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers in the course of replenishing ATMs or during transport. Cash lost in transit in Fiscal Years 2015, 2016 and 2017 was ` 55.89 million, ` 78.15 million and ` 5.70 million, respectively. We also made impairment allowances for trade receivables of ` 173.81 million, ` 109.24 million and ` 271.12 million, respectively, in Fiscal Years 2015, 2016 and 2017, as a result of customer deductions from the fees paid to us for our services due to failure to meet requirements under applicable service agreements, cash shortages and bank customer claims. Further, we had impairment allowance for doubtful insurance claims of ` 14.02 million, ` 10.38 million and nil, respectively, in Fiscal Years 2015, 2016 and 2017, due to the lead time of insurance approvals. We cannot assure you that such 

15 

risk costs will not increase in the future, in which event our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_5. Our business has significant expenses in relation to employee benefits and cash vans and transportation. Any material increase in any of these expenses could affect our ability to competitively price our services, maintain or increase our profitability and results of operations._** 

For Fiscal Years 2015, 2016 and 2017, as a percentage of our total expense, employee benefit expense accounted for 25.01%, 23.18% and 25.73%, respectively, and vehicle maintenance, hire and fuel cost accounted for 8.28%, 9.78% and 11.89%, respectively. As of March 31, 2015, 2016 and 2017, we employed 11,650, 9,357, and 8,442 people, respectively, across India and our fleet comprised 4,180, 4,265 and 3,603 cash vans, respectively. As a result, our employee benefit expense, vehicle maintenance, hire and fuel costs, comprised a significant portion of our expenses for Fiscal Year 2017. Our performance, and in particular our margins, depends on our ability to deliver high quality services to our customers at low cost. For Fiscal Years 2015, 2016 and 2017, we incurred ` 3,086.92 million, ` 2,465.50 million and ` 2,293.91 million, respectively, or 23.05%, 21.63% and 22.77%, respectively, of our total revenue from operations, for employee benefit expense and ` 1,021.40 million, ` 1,040.57 million and ` 1,059.92 million, respectively, or 7.63%, 9.13% and 10.52%, respectively, of our total revenue from operations, for costs associated with vehicle maintenance, hire and fuel cost. 

The salaries and wages of our employees are subject to wage inflation and other macroeconomic factors that can cause salaries and wages of our employees to increase. In addition, the salaries, wages and other benefits of our employees are regulated by government laws and regulations, which can change from time to time. The state governments have increased the minimum wage on a number of occasions in the past and the GoI is currently considering a change to the minimum wage for workers across all sectors, which could impact the salaries, wages and bonuses we pay our workforce. The union cabinet of the GoI has approved the Code on Wages Bill 2017 (“ **Labour Bill** ”). The Labour Bill, if passed by both houses of the Parliament and approved by the President of India, will be gazetted and notified for implementation and will integrate and replace the Payment of Wages Act, 1936, the Minimum Wages Act, 1948, the Payment of Bonus Act, 1965 and the Equal Remuneration Act, 1976. If the Labour Bill is notified, it can increase our employee benefit expense in respect of our employees and service and security charges payable by us in respect of personnel provided to us by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers. In addition, as of March 31, 2017, approximately 20% of our employees and personnel provided to us by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers were unionized and covered by collective bargaining agreements. For these employees and personnel, we typically negotiate wages and benefits through our negotiations with trade unions under long-term collective bargaining agreements, which typically includes agreed wage increases over a three-year period. There can be no assurance that any future long-term settlement agreements will be on terms that are favourable to our Company, or more favourable to our Company than its current long-term settlement agreements or that our labour unions will comply with the terms of any long-term settlement agreements reached, even in circumstances where we comply with our obligations under the relevant long-term settlement agreement. Further, if our relationships with our employees or unions deteriorate, we may experience significant labour unrest, strikes, lockouts or other labour action and work stoppages, which can increase our labour costs and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. If we are unable to pass on any or all costs and expenses that may arise with respect to our employees to our customers in a timely manner, our total expenses could increase significantly, reducing our overall profitability. 

We also rely heavily on our fleet of cash vans to provide our services to our customers. For Fiscal Years 2015, 2016 and 2017, we incurred ` 1,021.40 million, ` 1,040.57 million and ` 1,059.92 million, respectively, or 7.63%, 9.13% and 10.52%, respectively, of our total revenue from operations, for costs associated with vehicle maintenance, hire and fuel costs for cash vans. Our cash van expenses primarily include fuel costs and cash van hire charges, each of which are subject to external macroeconomic pressures over which we do not have control, including the price of fuel, which is linked with international crude oil prices and has fluctuated in recent years and may continue to fluctuate in the future, and government policies, such as in respect of the age of commercial vans that may be used in commercial operations. In addition, we typically purchase and/or lease cash vans with debt financing from third-party financial institutions, the terms of which are subject to negotiation with the financial institutions, and generally include interest payable on the borrowed amount. Any increases in interest rates will increase the cost of our borrowings where we have not fixed the interest rate. We cannot be certain that we will be able to secure financing on favourable terms, or at all, in respect of any cash van acquisition costs, or that the 

16 

interest rates applicable to any such financing will not increase. Any decrease in our ability to obtain thirdparty debt financing for our business, or any increase to interest rates, can materially adversely affect our ability to expand our business and service our debt facilities. Any adverse developments with respect to costs and expenses associated with our fleet of cash vans could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_6. Our business has significant expenses in relation to services and security services procured from third parties. Any material increase in any of these expenses could affect our ability to competitively price our services, maintain or increase our profitability and results of operations._** 

For Fiscal Years 2015, 2016 and 2017, as a percentage of our total expense, service and security charges accounted for 15.23%, 21.10% and 26.42%, respectively, and we engaged 12,441, 14,153 and 13,135 personnel (including consultants), respectively, provided to us by third-party service providers and thirdparty security service providers. As a result, our service and security charges comprised a significant portion of our expenses for Fiscal Year 2017. Our performance, and in particular our margins, depend on our ability to deliver high quality services to our customers at low cost. For Fiscal Years 2015, 2016 and 2017, we incurred ` 1,879.80 million, ` 2,244.15 million and ` 2,355.43 million, respectively, or 14.04%, 19.68% and 23.38%, respectively, of our total revenue from operations, for service and security charges. We procure various services from third-party service providers, including providers of service personnel, such as drivers, custodians, back-office executives and cleaning personnel. In addition, to protect our operations and employees, we also procure security services from registered third-party security service providers. Our costs associated with personnel provided by our third-party service providers and thirdparty security service providers are primarily driven by the fees that these third-party service providers charge us, which may be impacted by similar pricing pressures that we face with respect to our own employees, such as demand and supply of labour in any particular region, regulatory increases in the minimum wage and subsequent pricing demands by third-party service providers or other factors. For Fiscal Years 2015, 2016 and 2017, service and security charges accounted for 14.04%, 19.68% and 23.38%, respectively, of our total revenue from operations. If we are unable to promptly pass on any increase in the costs that we pay to our third-party service providers for the services we procure from them, our margins, profitability and results of operations may be adversely affected. Further, if we are not able to procure the services provided to us by our third-party service providers in a timely manner, our operations might be adversely affected, which could impact our profitability and results of operations. 

The service and security costs charged by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers are subject to wage inflation and other macroeconomic factors that can cause the service and security costs charged by these third-party service providers to increase. In addition, the service and security costs charged by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers are regulated by government laws and regulations, which can change from time to time. The state governments have increased the minimum wage on a number of occasions in the past and the GoI is currently considering the Labour Bill, which, if notified, may increase the minimum wage for workers across all sectors, which could impact the salaries, wages and bonuses we pay our workforce. If the relationships between thirdparty service providers and the personnel we procure through such third-party service providers and thirdparty security service providers or their unions deteriorate, we may experience significant labour unrest, strikes, lockouts or other labour action and work stoppages, which can increase our labour costs and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. If we are unable to pass on any or all costs and expenses that may arise with respect to our service and security costs charged by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers to our customers in a timely manner, our total expenses could increase significantly, reducing our overall profitability. 

**_7. The businesses of certain of our customers are regulated by the RBI and the GoI, and our business can be affected by the policies, decisions and frameworks of the RBI and the GoI that relate to those customers, as well as any changes to the existing laws and regulations or the introduction of any new laws, regulations or policies relating to their businesses or our business._** 

Our business is both directly and indirectly highly dependent on the banking sector in India, which is highly regulated by the RBI and the GoI. As a result, our business can be affected by the policies, decisions and frameworks of the RBI and the GoI that relate to certain of our customers, as well as any changes to the existing laws and regulations or the introduction of any new laws, regulations or policies relating to their businesses. For example, banks that outsource their ATM operations to MSPs often pay on a per transaction basis to the MSP, which is in part dependent on the interchange fees that are charged by one bank for usage 

17 

of another bank’s debit, credit or prepaid cards on its ATM machines. Interchange fees are set by the National Payments Corporation of India (“ **NPCI** ”), an organisation established and regulated by the RBI, in consultation with the Indian Banking Association, and are subject to change at any time by the NPCI or the RBI. If the interchange fees that may be charged by banks decrease, the transaction fees payable to MSPs could decrease, which has a direct impact on the fees that MSPs are willing to pay us for the ATM cash management services we provide. Further, the RBI has, pursuant to its circulars dated November 2, 2006 and March 11, 2015, issued detailed guidelines in relation to code of conduct in the outsourcing of financial services by banks. Any adverse change to these guidelines could impact banks’ ability to outsource activities, which can impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, on August 14, 2014, the RBI announced that it will rationalise the number of free ATM transactions for certain accounts in certain locations for customers of one bank using other banks’ ATMs, reducing the number of free transactions from five free transactions per month, to three free transactions per month for ATMs in metro cities. Any further rationalisation by the RBI in respect of the number of free ATM transactions available to customers, or increase in fee for ATM transactions could reduce the aggregate number of ATM transactions conducted, which could cause a reduction in the fees payable by banks to MSPs. Any reduction in the fees payable to MSPs could have a direct impact on the fees that MSPs are willing to pay to us for our cash management services. 

Other policies, decisions and frameworks of the RBI and the GoI that do not directly relate to our business can also impact our business. Our managed services business, which includes the supply, installation and maintenance of ATMs, has its origins in regulatory policies framed by the RBI. Pursuant to a circular dated June 12, 2009, and amended by a Master Circular issued by the RBI dated January 14, 2016, the RBI permitted certain commercial banks to open off-site ATMs without RBI approval, subject to certain conditions being met, and other limitations contained in the Master Circular issued by the RBI dated July 1, 2015. This significantly reduced the regulatory burden of opening off-site ATMs, which significantly increased demand for the supply, installation and maintenance of ATMs. Any restrictive change or reversal of this policy, or any change restricting banks from utilising third parties to supply, install and maintain ATMs, could directly and adversely affect our business. There can be no assurance that the existing laws, regulations and policies that affect the businesses of our customers will not be revoked, amended or replaced, or that the RBI and the GoI will continue to implement or interpret existing laws, regulations or policies as they currently do. 

In addition, various other aspects of our business are, and may in the future be, highly regulated by government regulation. For example, our fleet of over 3,603 cash vans as of March 31, 2017 is regulated by the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 (“ **Motor Vehicles Act** ”), which regulates the licensing of drivers, vehicles (including our cash vans), transport undertakings, insurance and other aspects of our business relating to our fleet, and our workforce and their unions are also regulated by various labour laws, regulations and policies governed by the respective state and central governments. To the extent there are changes to the regulatory requirements to which our business is subject or if we are not able to comply with these or other regulatory requirements, we may be required to incur additional expenses or make changes to our business or we could become subject to penalties, which could include the suspension, revocation or termination of licenses, permits or approvals and limit our ability to operate and manage our business. For example, the Supreme Court of India has imposed, in certain regions, additional levy on automobile manufacturers for certain diesel vehicles. 

For further details, see “ _Regulations and Policies_ ” and “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on pages 157 and 239, respectively. 

# **_8. The currency demonetisation measures imposed by the GoI in November 2016 had a significant impact on the Indian economy and cash circulation in India, and there is uncertainty about the long-term impact of demonetisation and whether similar unanticipated measures could be adopted by the GoI in the future._** 

On November 8, 2016, the GoI withdrew the legal tender of ` 500 and ` 1,000 denominations of bank notes. Pursuant to this currency demonetisation, these high denomination notes could no longer be used for transactions (except in few notified sectors for a short period of time) or exchange purposes and consequently had no value. These notes were replaced with a new series of bank notes of ` 500 and ` 2,000 denominations through banks. In an effort to monitor replacement of demonetised notes, the GoI had initially specified limits for exchange and withdrawal of currency all over India. The process of 

18 

demonetisation and replacement of these high denomination notes significantly reduced the liquidity of cash in the Indian economy, a predominantly cash-based economy. This was particularly the case in rural and semi-urban regions of India, which are more remote and furthest away from supplies of the new bank notes and where bank branch and ATM penetration are at their lowest. In addition, during this period, ATM machines and other automated cash machines had to be recalibrated to accept the new bank notes, which were in sizes that were different from the old bank notes, contributing to the delays in normalising cash liquidity in the country. The cash management industry, together with our Company, were significantly impacted by this, as the circulation of cash decreased following demonetisation, and delays in recalibrating ATMs resulted in a large number of ATMs being temporarily incompatible with the new denominations. Further, during this time our retail cash management services business was also impacted, as the demand of our retail customers for our services decreased significantly following demonetisation. Further, we were required to direct significant resources towards recalibrating ATMs machines for the new bank notes. During the period immediately following demonetisation there was also a significant decrease in the number of ATMs we deployed, resulting, in part, in a decrease in the number of ATMs we deployed in Fiscal Year 2017 to 1,360 compared to 4,358 in Fiscal Year 2016. 

Although cash availability has increased since demonetisation, with currency in circulation in India amounting to approximately ` 15,074 billion as of June 2017 (Source: RBI; Frost & Sullivan), the longterm effects of the GoI’s demonetisation measures on cash in circulation, on the Indian economy, and on our operations are still unclear, and there can be no assurance that demonetisation will not have a longterm detrimental impact on the Indian economy, the cash management industry or our business. In addition, there can be no assurance that the GoI will not institute similar measures in the future. For example, the GoI has proposed various measures to accelerate India’s transition to a cashless economy, including a ban on cash transactions over ` 200,000, tax incentives for creation of a cashless infrastructure, promoting greater usage of non-cash modes of payments, and making Aadhaar-based payments more widespread. Any decrease in cash in circulation or slowdown in the Indian economy, the cash management industry or our business as a result of demonetisation or any similar future measures by the GoI could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

# **_9. If our MSP customers cease to be engaged by banks, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected._** 

MSPs are often engaged directly by banks to provide ATM cash management services, which are then subcontracted to third-party service providers, such as us. As of March 31, 2017, our ATM cash management customers included over 13 MSPs, on whose behalf we provide ATM cash management services to more than 50 public and private Indian banks. As a result, the revenues that we generate from ATM cash management services are significantly dependent on the relationship between our MSP customers and their bank customers, which is largely outside of our control. There can be no assurance that our MSP customers will continue to be engaged by the same banks or that those banks will not engage other MSPs that are not our customers or that are not the customers of our competitors. In addition, MSPs may be required to lower the prices they offer banks for their services, which could in turn require us to lower our prices. Public sector banks typically award contracts on price based bidding systems, increasing the external pressures on our pricing when tendering for contracts for public sector banks, who typically tender for high volume, high revenue contracts. This may increase pricing pressure and competition in the industry, as well as lower the margins of our services. If an MSP’s contract with a bank for ATM management services is terminated or expires, the MSP is typically required to give us notice of at least 30 days’ notice prior to terminating their contract with us. Any termination of a relationship between one of our MSP customers and the bank that engages them could result in a decrease in our revenues and our market share, as well as adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, to the extent that an MSP does not give us sufficient notice of termination of business by that MSP, in order to enable us to ramp down our costs, or new MSPs engaged by banks for migrated ATMs do not offer us an equal number of ATMs at similar pricing, the adverse effect on our business could be increased. In addition, MSPs are also subject to credit risk, which can be impacted by a number of factors, some of which are beyond their control, including increased default and non-payment rates by customers and any financial difficulties they may have in relation to their commercial soundness. For example, increased default and non-payment rates by customers and any financial difficulties they may have in servicing their obligations can impact on their financial performance and, depending on the extent to which the MSP’s customers default or fail to comply with their obligations, can impact on the commercial soundness of the MSP, which may negatively impact on the MSP’s operations, and the number of customers it services, which can decrease the MSP’s demand for our services. Any adverse 

19 

developments that impact the businesses of MSPs could result in them losing market share or decreasing the prices they can charge for their services, which in turn could result in decreased demand for our services or increased price pressure on our services. This can adversely affect our revenues, cash flow, margins and results of operations. 

# **_10. Failures of our information technology systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation, cash flows and financial condition._** 

The success of our businesses depends in part upon our ability to effectively deploy, implement and use information technology systems and advanced technology initiatives in a cost effective and timely basis. Our information technology systems include multiple applications and other systems that allocate resources, provide data for cash replenishment and plan daily routes and facilitate internal and external communications, enabling us to coordinate and make quick decisions across our business. Our information technology systems also rely on, and interact with, information technology systems of our customers and other third parties, and we share certain software with various banks. If we experience disruptions or other problems with our information technology systems, or in connection with the interaction between our information technology systems and those of our customers or other third parties, such as telephone or information technology infrastructure failure, cyber security or other external security breaches, viruses and other disruptive events, or that result from events beyond our control, such as fire, natural disasters, unauthorised entry, power loss, telecommunications failure, computer viruses, terrorist acts and war, our ability to service our customers, and conduct and manage our business, as well as our reputation with our customers, could be adversely affected, and we could lose customer contracts and business and incur significant remedial costs, penalties and expenses, each of which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

In addition, our ability to grow our business and improve the efficiency of our operations requires us to implement new information technology systems and integrate new businesses into our information technology systems. Any information technology systems, infrastructure or processes that we rely on for the delivery of our services may not perform satisfactorily, or may not be suitable for any new business we acquire. In addition, we may not have the ability or capacity to adapt our information system technologies, including our customer service platforms, for any new business, increase in scale of operations, changing user requirements or emerging trends and industry standards or government regulations. If we do not effectively manage our information technology systems, in a timely and cost-effective manner, we may experience disruption to our business and our ability to deliver value to our customers may decrease, and as a result, our expenses may increase, our margins may decrease, and our cash flows and results of operations may also be adversely affected. There can be no assurances that we will successfully be able to implement or adopt new information technology systems or integrate new businesses into our information technology systems without disruptions to our operations. 

# **_11. Violations of our information technology systems by third parties could harm our business and expose us to liability by compromising cardholder information and damaging our relationships with our financial card management business customers._** 

Our financial cards management business personalises and embosses plastic credit and debit cards and uploads variable data and information onto EMV chips or magnetic stripes on the credit and debit cards as part of this service. The personal information that is embossed onto the card, as well as the personal data that is uploaded on the EMV chips and magnetic stripes are generally provided to us by the bank for which the credit and debit cards are being produced with the contractual understanding that the information is to be held confidential and that we are required to implement security measures to protect such data and information. If the security measures that we have instituted to prevent violations of our information technology systems by third parties are insufficient or fail and illegal access is gained to this information or it is stolen by third parties or our employees or personnel provided to us by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers and the information or data is misused, our financial cards management business could be disrupted and we may be exposed to liability and become subject to penalties and even protracted and costly litigation. Any security breach of this nature could also harm our reputation, including the reputations of our other businesses, and our relationships with the customers whose information was stolen or illegal accessed could be damaged, which could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

20 

**_12. We are exposed to various security risks that may originate from within our Company, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

By virtue of the nature of our industry and being in the business of handling large volumes of cash, we are exposed to various security risks and crimes that may originate from within our Company, such as cashin-transit losses, reporting errors (both deliberate and inadvertent) and theft, embezzlement, fraud and other forms of malpractice by our employees and personnel provided to us by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers. According to the Restated Financial Statements, in Fiscal Year 2015, there were 25 instances of cash embezzlement by our employees or personnel provided to us by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers involving an aggregate amount of approximately ` 36.77 million, and nine instances of cash embezzlement done by employees of one of our Company’s subsidiaries wherein the total amount involved was ` 27.23 million. According to the Restated Financial Statements, in Fiscal Years 2016 and 2017, there were 58 and 21 instances of cash embezzlement by our employees or personnel provided to us by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers involving aggregate amounts of approximately ` 71.02 million and ` 71.67 million, respectively. Further, other instances of cash embezzlement by our employees and personnel provided to us by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers, may not be detected. As a result, our operations depend substantially on the integrity of our employees and personnel provided to us by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers, and the reliability and effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures. In the course of our screening and background check process when hiring personnel, we may be supplied with false or incomplete background information, or information which may be difficult for us and others to verify. These circumstances increase our exposure to security risks that may originate from our employees and personnel provided to us by our third-party service providers. We have in the past filed criminal complaints in relation to allegations of misappropriation of cash and theft of money by our employees and personnel provided to us by our thirdparty service providers and third-party security service providers. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigations and Material Developments_ ” on page 229. 

Our employees and personnel provided to us by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers may introduce counterfeit currency into ATMs serviced, operated or managed by us or otherwise siphon off cash from such ATMs or currency deliveries. We undertake reconciliation processes, whereby we facilitate reconciliation with MSPs and banks at various stages, and also facilitate banks and MSPs raising queries and disputes to us as part of their own risk management processes, as well as auditing procedures, with any discrepancies reported and a detailed analysis undertaken; however, our internal controls and risk management processes may not be sufficient to detect any shortfalls in cash immediately, in particular where the parties responsible for the shortfall utilises counterfeit or methods of fraud. Further, we are dependent on timely and accurate information from MSPs and banks to complete the reconciliation process, which could affect our ability to promptly detect any shortfalls in cash, and certain cash shortfalls and introduction of counterfeit currency can only be detected by an internal audit of the ATM at a later date. In such cases, the amounts of cash being stolen can accumulate each time the ATM is replenished unless detected. In addition, the longer a shortfall goes undetected, the lower our ability to detect the shortfall, further limiting our ability to take remedial and investigative action to protect ourselves and our customers from any losses that may arise from such activity. To the extent that it is not possible for us to recover a shortfall in cash, including from the responsible person or persons, our reputation, business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. Further, any delay in identifying any misappropriation may reduce our ability to recover the missing cash and result in our incurrence of additional expenses in connection with associated legal proceedings. We typically have contractual obligations with our customers and other third parties and, subject to certain conditions, are ultimately liable for the reimbursement or replenishment of any shortfall however caused. Such liability is ordinarily required to be satisfied as soon as reasonably practicable after detection, and in most cases within one month of detection. Our liability to reimburse or replenish the amount of the shortfall may be deducted from any payments that the customer or third-party may have otherwise been required to pay to us. In addition, to the extent we are not able to recover the shortfall or we are required to reimburse or replenish the shortfall, the scope of our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover the resulting liability, there may be a delay in the settlement of any claim to our insurance providers and, to the extent our insurance coverage does cover the liability, our cost of future insurance coverage could increase significantly, which in either case could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

21 

# **_13. Our business is subject to the risk of criminal attacks of various types by third parties, including armed robbery, theft and fraud._** 

By virtue of the nature of our industry and handling large volumes of cash, we are exposed to various security risks and crimes including armed robbery, theft, fraud, embezzlement and other forms of illegal conduct. As a result, our operations, our employees and the personnel provided to us by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers are exposed to the risk of criminal attacks of various types by third parties. 

Criminal attacks against our business can range from attacks by armed individuals at drop-off and pick-up points, in transit, or while cash is being carried outside of our cash vans or branches, which can result in the death or serious bodily harm to our employees, personnel provided to us by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers or even bystanders, to third parties gaining access or being given access to our facilities, vaults or our ATM sites and taking cash. The guns used by our thirdparty security service providers could be stolen during criminal attacks and misused. Criminal attacks against our business may also involve cyber-attacks against our information technology systems, including our enterprise resource planning system and our operations software modules, which could result in, among other things, significant disruption of our operations. To protect our operations and employees, we procure security services from registered third-party security service providers. To the extent the security measures we procure are not sufficient to protect our business and our employees and the personnel provided to us by our third-party service providers, we may need to substantially increase the amount we spend on procuring security services and implementing other security measures, which could negatively affect our margins. 

In addition, to the extent criminal attacks by third parties result in liabilities that we are in whole or part responsible for, including loss of cash, injuries or fatalities that occur as a result of the criminal attacks, the scope of our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover the resulting liability or, to the extent our insurance coverage does cover the liability, our cost of future insurance coverage could increase significantly, which in either case could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, any such attacks may reduce our customers’ confidence in our services and result in negative publicity even though we may not be at fault for the attack. 

# **_14. We operate in highly competitive markets and may be unable to respond effectively to developments in those markets._** 

We face significant competition and pricing pressures from competitors using similar pricing models in the markets in which we operate. Our industry currently has a number of industry participants, and is subject to significant competition, including in respect of pricing of services. We have experienced periods of increased competition from our competitors and other players in the market attempting to increase their market share. Further, MSPs have in the past and may in the future build in-house cash management business divisions to serve their captive demand, thereby increasing the competitive intensity of the industry. The industry in which we operate is undergoing a maturing process, resulting in consolidation among existing industry participants as well as among customers. As this process continues, some of our competitors may consolidate or merge with large domestic or international competitors with more resources than us, which could further increase the competition we face to sell our services. To the extent that our competitors utilise those resources or other means to introduce new services or utilise improved technologies to gain further efficiencies, it may be more difficult for us to sell our services and compete effectively, which could result in us losing business or customers to competitors. Similarly, consolidation among our customer and potential customers may significantly increase their negotiation power and ability to require terms of service that are more favourable to them, including in respect of price. Any of these developments could result in further competition for cash management and managed services opportunities under increased pricing pressures. In order to be able to compete under these circumstances, we might be required to implement costly restructurings or capital investments or reduce our prices, which may reduce our margins, and we cannot assure you that we will have the resources to undertake such measures, or that any such measures will be successful. If our market share decreases, or our customers move their business to our competitors, as a result of market developments, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

22 

**_15. Our ability to service contracts with public sector banks and other government bodies may involve added complexity and be adversely affected by political and administrative decisions._** 

We enter into direct customer relationships with Indian public sector banks in connection with the provision of ATM deployment and maintenance services and financial card management services. We also provide ATM cash management services to public sector banks on behalf of MSPs, and part of our business strategy is to target public sector banks for new outsourcing opportunities. Our contracts with Indian public sector banks amounted to ` 3,362 million, ` 3,523 million and ` 1,933 million, or 25.11%, 30.90% and 19.19% of our revenues for Fiscal Years 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively. Our contracts for services undertaken for public sector banks are usually only entered into following a tender process that has strict qualification criteria and pricing requirements. There can be no assurance that we will meet any such qualification criteria, or that the pricing of our services will meet the bank’s requirements. Further, due to the strict pricing requirements of public sector bank tenders, any contracts that we secure for public sector banks may not be as profitable than certain of our other customer contracts, or at all, which could result in lower margins, reduced cash flow, and adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, the performance of our services for public sector banks may be affected by political and administrative decisions concerning levels of public spending and public opinion on outsourcing in general. In certain cases, due to applicable regulations, certain terms of public sector contracts, such as pricing terms, contract period, and use of subcontractors, are less flexible than comparable private sector contracts. 

In addition, to the extent we provide services to the GoI, any contract with the GoI will be subject to audit by the Comptroller and Auditor General of India, which audits all receipts and expenditure of the GoI and the state governments. Payments from public sector customers may be, and have been, subject to delays, due to regulatory scrutiny and procedural formalities, including audit by the Comptroller and Auditor General of India. In addition, to the extent that payments under our contracts with governmental and public sector customers are delayed, our cash flows may be impacted. Additionally, any decisions to decrease spending as a result of an economic downturn, or otherwise, may result in the termination or downscaling of public sector contracts, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

**_16. Our relationships with our workforce and the trade unions, as well as changes in the laws and regulations that regulate those relationships, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

As of March 31, 2017, we employed 8,442 employees. Further, we also engaged 13,135 personnel provided to us by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers (including consultants). Of our 282 branches and offices, 57 branches have unionized employees and personnel provided to us by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers, who are covered by collective bargaining agreements. As of March 31, 2017, we had a total of 16 unions representing approximately 20% of our employees and personnel provided to us by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers. When our relationships with our employees or unions deteriorate, or the relationships of our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers and their personnel or unions deteriorate, we may experience labour unrest, strikes, lockouts or other labour action and work stoppages that prevent us from providing our services to our customers. In addition, these disputes and unrest can also adversely affect our reputation with our customers and in some cases, may give rise to liability to our customers if we fail to perform our contractual obligations to them. In addition, any initiatives we undertake to prevent unrest in our employees, or that our third-party service providers and our third-party security service providers may take in respect of their personnel, may be ineffective, and there can be no assurance that we will not experience any labour unrest, strikes, lockouts or other labour action and work stoppages from our workforce in the future. In Fiscal Years 2015, 2016 and 2017, we experienced strikes and work stoppages during the course of our business operations in relation to union disputes. In particular, due to union unrest involving labour strikes, unfair and unethical demands and other employee driven disruptions of our business involving disruptive behaviour, including vandalism and violence, a number of cash deliveries to ATM points and retail pick-up points were affected and we were ultimately required to close down four of our branches in Mumbai on June 6, 2016. As a result of these closures, a total of 879 employees and personnel provided to us by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers were affected and of whom 810 were compensated in accordance with Indian law. There can be no assurance that the corporate policies we have in place to help reduce our exposure to these risks will be effective or that we will not experience losses as a result of these risks. Any losses that we incur in 

23 

this regard could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our employees and personnel provided to us by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers are also covered by government laws and regulations, such as the minimum wages legislations of the respective states, which regulate, among other things, the wages and benefits that our employees and the personnel provided to us by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers receive. In addition, the union cabinet of GoI has approved the Labour Bill. If passed by both houses of Parliament and approved by the President of India, the Labour Bill will be gazetted and notified for implementation and will integrate and replace the Payment of Wages Act, 1936, the Minimum Wages Act, 1948, the Payment of Bonus Act, 1965 and the Equal Remuneration Act, 1976. If the Labour Bill is notified, it can increase our employee benefit expense in respect of our employees and service and security charges payable by us in respect of personnel provided to us by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers. The minimum wages legislations of the respective states where we operate regulates, among other things, the wages and benefits that are payable to our employees and the personnel provided to us by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers. If the Minimum Wages Act, 1948 is held to be applicable to us, it can increase our employee benefit expense, in respect of our employees, and service and security charges payable by us, in respect of personnel provided to us by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers. If we are unable to pass on any or all such expenses to our customers in a timely manner, our total expenses could increase significantly and our profit margins could be adversely affected. 

Any increases in expenses or other adverse consequences that we experience as a result of strikes, work stoppages or other labour disputes, or generally as a result our negotiations with trade unions or due changes in the law and regulations that govern our relationships with our employees and the relationships of our third-party security services providers and the personnel provided to us by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers, could have an adverse effect on business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_17. To protect our operations and employees we procure security services from regulated third-party security service providers whose personnel may carry and handle firearms and ammunition. Any misuse or contravention of laws or policies relating to firearms by such personnel may adversely affect our reputation and expose us to potential liabilities._** 

To protect our operations and employees, we procure security services from regulated third-party security service providers. These security services include armed guards and security personnel, who are licensed to carry and operate firearms. In connection with procuring security services, our security service provider and its employees must have special licenses in order to provide these services and to carry firearms and ammunition. Their weapons must also be registered, and there are, for example, legal requirements for storing weapons when they are not in use as well as limitations on the type of ammunition and weapons that can be used. We do not control our third-party security service provider or personnel provided by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers, however we could be exposed to direct or indirect liability (including vicariously) or suffer reputational damage in the event of misuse or contravention of laws or policies by our third-party security service providers or personnel provided by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers, including as a result of an customer, employee, member of the public or other persons being injured or killed through the misuse of firearms or ammunition, which may have an adverse effect on our reputation and expose us to liabilities, resulting in an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

In addition, certain of personnel provided by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers are regulated pursuant to PSARA and rules made thereunder and enforced by the respective state governments, and other laws and regulations, under which any increase in costs that are due to any change in regulatory requirements for such services may be passed on by the vendor suppliers and security agencies to the party acquiring those services. Therefore, as a consumer of such regulated services, we may be liable to pay to our vendor suppliers and security agencies any increase in costs they incur as a result of any changes to the regulatory requirements in respect of personnel provided by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers. There can be no assurance that there will not be any changes to the regulatory requirements in respect of personnel provided by our thirdparty service providers and third-party security service providers, or that we will not be liable for any resulting increased costs in the future. Any increase in costs that we are required to pay in connection with 

24 

personnel provided by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers will increase our expenses, which could decrease our margins, and adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. 

**_18. Any adverse change in laws, rules and regulations, including with respect to the PSARA, may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operation, as well as your investment in our Equity Shares._** 

We are engaged in the business of providing cash management services. The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and may be subject to change. The governmental and regulatory bodies in India may notify new regulations and policies, which may require us to obtain approvals and licenses from the government and other regulatory bodies, or impose onerous requirements and conditions on our operations, in addition to those which we are undertaking currently. Any such changes and the related uncertainties with respect to the implementation of new regulations and policies may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The application of various Indian laws, rules and regulations to our services, currently or in the future, may also be subject to interpretation by applicable authorities, and if retrospectively interpreted, amended or notified, could result in an increase in our compliance cost (prospectively or retrospectively) or subject us to penalties, which could affect our business operations. For instance, the PSARA regulates the provision of private security services in India, which we believe is not applicable to our business. In connection with our acquisition in 2011 of SIPL, which is also engaged in providing cash management and logistics services, we were requested by the FIPB to obtain FIPB approval, since according to the FIPB, the activities undertaken by SIPL were covered under the PSARA and therefore, foreign investment in such companies were subject to the approval of the FIPB. After us drawing the FIPB’s attention to the distinction between cash management services and services provided by private security agencies under the PSARA, submitting to FIPB that the PSARA does not apply to SIPL and that only an intimation to (and not an approval from) FIPB was required for our downstream investment in SIPL, the matter was considered by the FIPB at its meeting held on December 6, 2013. Thereafter, through its letter dated January 2, 2014, FIPB noted our downstream investment in SIPL. 

The MHA had sent an office memorandum to the Department of Financial Services, Ministry of Finance, containing draft standard operating procedures dated February 16, 2016 for secured cash handling and transportation by private security agencies under PSARA (“ **Draft SOP** ”), which among other things suggested enforcement of basic operating guidelines and risk mitigation procedures for secured cash handling and transportation by licensed private security agencies under PSARA. We have provided our comments on the Draft SOP on the basis that cash management activities are distinct from PSARA regulated activities. 

We have also received letters from police departments of three states stating that our cash vans must have the necessary security features and also stating that the cash management activities undertaken by us would require PSARA license and appropriate action would be taken against us in case of violation of PSARA. We have responded to these letters or met the authorities concerned, explaining that cash management is a distinct category from private security services and does not fall under the ambit of PSARA. Since then we have not received any further correspondence from police departments. Similarly, in another instance a police department has filed a complaint against officers of our Company in 2011 before the Chief Metropolitan Magistrate in relation to alleged violations by our Company of the PSARA and state private security agency rules on various grounds; however, the Chief Metropolitan Magistrate has not yet taken cognizance of the matter. For further details, see section “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 229. 

If any regulatory authority takes a view different from the view taken by us, or acknowledged by FIPB in connection with our acquisition of SIPL, and interprets the PSARA to apply to aspects of our business, then we may seek to alter or reorganize the manner in which we conduct our business in order to avoid the need for us to obtain a license under the PSARA. However, there can be no assurance that we would be able to do so in a manner that is profitable and commercially acceptable to our customers or, at all. Foreign investment laws in India currently limit foreign ownership in holders of a PSARA licence to 49% of the share capital. If, as a result in future interpretations of PSARA, we are unable to avoid the need for our business to hold a license under PSARA, we could be required to take steps to reduce foreign investment in our Company to the then permitted level of foreign shareholding, including requiring our Promoter to sell all or a portion of its holdings of Equity Shares or our Company conducting offerings of new Equity 

25 

Shares to reduce foreign investment, and any such dilutive offering could be required at times or on terms that adversely impact both foreign and domestic holders of our Equity Shares 

There are no clear rules or regulations that set out the manner or timeline in which we would be required to achieve compliance with PSARA and related foreign shareholding limits in our Company in the event of abovementioned future adverse interpretations, which could result in uncertainty and adversely impact our business as well as our shareholders. Additionally, in the event that we are found to be in violation of the PSARA or foreign investment laws in India, we could also be exposed to sanctions and penalties such as imprisonment and fines. 

Additionally, the GoI introduced on July 1, 2017, a comprehensive national GST regime that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into one unified rate of interest. While the GoI and other state governments have announced that all committed incentives will be protected following the implementation of the GST, we are unable to provide any assurance for the same. 

Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including PSARA and foreign investment laws (including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent) governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being in contravention of such laws which may attract penalties including imprisonment, and may require us to apply for additional approvals. Further, we may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future, as well as your investment in our Equity Shares. 

# **_19. There are outstanding legal proceedings against our Company, our Directors, our Subsidiaries and our Promoter. Any adverse decision in such proceedings may result in liabilities or penalties, which will adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

There are outstanding legal proceedings against our Company, our Directors, our Subsidiaries and our Promoter. These proceedings are currently being adjudicated at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and other authorities. The summary of outstanding litigation in relation to criminal matters, direct tax matters, indirect tax matters, actions by regulatory and statutory authorities and matters above the materiality threshold against our Company, our Directors, our Subsidiaries and our Promoter is provided in the following table, which sets out brief details of such outstanding proceedings: 

|**Nature of cases**<sup>*****</sup>|**Number of cases**|**Total amount involved**<br>**(**`**in millions) **<sup>******</sup>|
|---|---|---|
|**Proceedings against ourCompany**|||
|Criminal|-|-|
|Civil|3|16.04|
|Taxation|7|49.59|
|Statutory/regulatory proceedings|2|-|
|**Proceedings against theSubsidiaries**|||
|Criminal|-|-|
|Civil|5|279.33|
|Taxation|1|1.64|
|Statutory/regulatory proceedings|-|-|
|**Proceedings against our Directors**|||
|Criminal|-|-|
|Civil|1|-|
|Taxation|-|-|
|Statutory/regulatory proceedings|-|-|
|**Proceedings against our Promoter**<br>|||
|Criminal|-|-|
|Civil|1|-|
|Taxation|-|-|
|Statutory/regulatory proceedings|-|-|



* _For the purpose of this disclosure, pre-litigation notices and FIRs are not considered._ 

_** The amounts indicated are approximated amounts, wherever quantifiable._ 

26 

The case identified and amounts claimed in these legal proceedings have been disclosed to the extent ascertainable and to the best of our knowledge and include amounts claimed jointly and severally. If any new developments arise, such as a change in the applicable laws or rulings against us by appellate courts or tribunals, we may need to make provisions in our financial statements that could increase our expenses and current liabilities. 

We cannot assure you that any of these proceedings will be settled in our favour or in favour of our Directors or our Subsidiaries or our Promoter or that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 229. An adverse outcome in any of these proceedings could have an adverse effect on our Company, our Directors, our Subsidiaries or our Promoter, as well as on our reputation, business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

**_20. Our auditors have included certain qualified statements in relation to matters specified in the Companies (Auditors’ Report) Order, 2003; Companies (Auditors’ Report) Order, 2015 and Companies (Auditors’ Report) Order, 2016 as applicable, in the annexure to the audit report on our audited financial statements for financial years 2013 through 2017._** 

Our Auditors have included certain qualified statements in relation to matters specified in the Companies (Auditors’ Report) Order, 2003, Companies (Auditors’ Report) Order, 2015 and Companies (Auditors’ Report) Order, 2016, in the annexure to the audit report on our audited consolidated and unconsolidated financial statements of our Company and our Subsidiaries for Fiscal Years 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013, as applicable. 

# _Consolidated Financial Statements_ 

The annexures to the audit report on our financial statements for Fiscal Year 2015 contain certain qualifications with respect to: 

- the accumulated losses of one of our Company’s subsidiaries at the end of the financial year are more than fifty percent of its net worth. Our Company and remaining entities in the group have no accumulated losses at the end of the financial year and none of the entities in the group have incurred cash losses in the current and immediately preceding financial year; 

- 25 instances of cash embezzlement done by employees of our Company where the total amount involved was ` 36.77 million, and nine instances of cash embezzlement done by employees of one of our Company’s subsidiaries wherein the total amount involved was ` 27.23 million. Our Company and the aforesaid subsidiary of our Company has recovered ` 6.46 million and ` 5.19 million, respectively, and the balance amount of claims, ` 19.23 million and ` 11.84 million, respectively, being doubtful of recovery, have been written off during the year; 

- nine instances of theft/loot by third parties on our Company, wherein the total amount involved was ` 8.04 million, and six instances of theft/loot by third parties on one of the subsidiaries of our Company, wherein the total amount involved was ` 42.81 million. Our Company and the aforesaid subsidiary of our Company has recovered ` 0.61 million and ` 30.77 million, respectively, and the balance amount of claims, ` 4.94 million and ` 7.25 million, respectively, being doubtful of recovery, have been written off during the year; and 

- delays in the payments of, in the case of our Company, a large number of cases of works contracts tax and, in the case of one of the subsidiaries of our Company, some cases of provident fund, value added tax and professional tax. However, such delays have not been serious. Our Company has taken corrective action to prevent any such delay in the future; and 

- the dues outstanding of income-tax on account of any dispute, in relation to the 2012-13 assessment year, due under the Income Tax Act, 1961 total ` 26.33 million. 

For further details, see the sections “B.1.” of Annexure VI of our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-31. 

27 

# _Unconsolidated Financial Statements_ 

The annexures to the audit report on our financial statements for Fiscal Year 2017 contain certain qualifications with respect to: 

- the dues outstanding of income-tax, sales-tax, service tax, duty of custom, duty of excise, value added tax and cess on account of any dispute, in relation to the 2013-14 and 2014-15 assessment years, total ` 2.90 million; and 

- 21 instances of cash embezzlements done by employees of our Company wherein the total amount involved was ` 71.67 million. Our Company has recovered ` 6.23 million and ` 12.66 million, being doubtful of recovery, has been written off during the year. 

The annexures to the audit report on our financial statements for Fiscal Year 2016 contain certain qualifications with respect to 58 instances of cash embezzlement done by employees of our Company, where the total amount involved was ` 71.02 million. Our Company has recovered ` 16.18 million and ` 14.43 million, being doubtful of recovery, has been written off during the year. 

The annexures to the audit report on our financial statements for Fiscal Year 2015 contain certain qualifications with respect to: 

- 25 instances of cash embezzlement done by employees of our Company where the total amount involved was ` 36.77 million. Our Company has recovered ` 6.46 million and ` 19.23 million, being doubtful of recovery, has been written off during the year; 

- nine instances of theft/loot by third parties on our Company, wherein the total amount involved was ` 8.04 million. Our Company has recovered ` 0.61 million and ` 4.94 million, being doubtful of recovery, has been written off during the year; and 

- delays in the payments of, in the case of our Company, a large number of cases of works contracts tax, though such delays have not been serious. Our Company has taken corrective action to prevent any such delay in the future. 

The annexures to the audit report on our financial statements for Fiscal Year 2014 contain certain qualifications with respect to: 

- transactions made pursuant to contracts or arrangements exceeding the value of ` 500,000 entered into during the financial year, because of the unique and specialized nature of the items involved and absence of any comparable prices, the auditors were unable to comment on whether the transactions were made at prevailing market prices at the relevant time; 

- slight delays in payment, in the case of our Company, of instalments of advance tax; 

- the dues outstanding of income-tax, sales-tax, wealth-tax, service tax, customs duty, excise duty and cess on account of any dispute, in relation to various assessment years from 1999-00 to 201011, total ` 15.19 million; 

- certain instances of cash embezzlement done by employees of our Company working in the cash management services division wherein the total amount involved was ` 60.38 million. Our Company has recovered ` 14.28 million and the balance amount of claims doubtful of recovery, amounting to ` 20.29 million, have been written off during the year; and 

- certain instances of theft / loot by third parties amounting to ` 36.64 million. Our Company has recovered ` 5.41 million and the balance amount of claims doubtful of recovery, amounting to ` 15.03 million, have been written off during the year. 

The annexures to the audit report on our financial statements for Fiscal Year 2013 contain certain qualifications with respect to: 

28 

- transactions made pursuant to contracts or arrangements exceeding the value of ` 500,000 entered into during the financial year, because of the unique and specialized nature of the items involved and absence of any comparable prices, the auditors were unable to comment on whether the transactions were made at prevailing market prices at the relevant time; 

- slight delays in payment, in the case of our Company, of instalments of advance tax; 

- the dues outstanding of income-tax, sales-tax, wealth-tax, service tax, customs duty, excise duty and cess on account of any dispute, in relation to various assessment years from 1999-00 to 200910, total ` 18.40 million; 

- certain instances of cash embezzlement done by employees of our Company working in the cash management services division wherein the total amount involved was ` 85.11 million. Our Company has recovered ` 5.78 million and the balance amount of claims doubtful of recovery, amounting to ` 58.83 million, have been written off during the year; and 

- certain instances of theft / loot by third parties amounting to ` 28.89 million. Claims doubtful of recovery, amounting to ` 11.75 million, have been written off during the year. 

For further details, see Annexure VI of our Restated Unconsolidated Financial Statements on page F-144. If any such qualifications or observations are included in the annexure to the auditor’s report for our financial statements in the future, the trading price of our Equity Shares may be adversely affected. 

**_21. Potential new currency designs may require modifications to certain automated banking products in our portfolio that could adversely effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

Any change to the features of Indian bank notes that are processed or dispensed from ATMs and other automated cash machines that we service or deploy, such as to the size or the addition of tactile features onto notes, could require modifications to the ATMs or automated cash machines that result in delays or inefficiencies in our ability to service or deploy those machines. For example, during the recent currency demonetisation by the GoI, the size of certain of the bank notes changed. This meant that ATMs and other automated cash machines had to be recalibrated to accept the new bank notes, which resulted in significant delays and inefficiencies, since ATMs could not be used until they had been recalibrated for the specified currency. The cash management industry, including our Company, were significantly impacted by this and had to direct significant resources towards recalibrating ATMs machines to accept the new bank notes. There can be no assurance that this will not happen again in the future. For example, on August 25, 2017, the RBI issued legal tender of new ` 200 denomination bank notes, which were significantly narrower than the new ` 500 bank note. The difference in dimensions will necessitate recalibration of ATM machines and other automated cash machines in order to enable such machines to accept the new bank notes, which may result in delays or inefficiencies in our ability to service or deploy those machines. Any such changes or modifications could cause significant delays or inefficiencies, and require us to incur substantial additional expenditures to accommodate such changes or modifications, which could adversely effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_22. We extend warranties to certain of our customers, which exposes us to potential liabilities._** 

When we enter into an arrangement to deploy an ATM or other automated cash machine for our customers, we provide our customer with a product and service warranty of one to three years that typically covers general repairs and replacements during the initial warranty period which may typically be extended for a fee or at no additional cost to our customer. Although we seek to arrange back-to-back warranties with the manufacturing suppliers from which we source the ATMs and other automated cash machines, we are nevertheless obligated to perform our obligations under the terms of warranties we issue to our customers, regardless of whether our back-to-back warranties are honoured by our suppliers. Our assumptions regarding the scope of the manufacturer’s warranty may not be accurate, the manufacturer may dispute the scope of their warranty and any amounts under the warranty that we claim, or the manufacturer could enter into financial difficulty or bankruptcy during the term of the warranty and not be able to perform its obligations under the warranty. If we experience a significant increase in warranty claims from our customers, we may incur significant repair and replacement costs associated with such claims if we are not able to claim those costs from our suppliers. If we are not able to satisfactorily fulfil any warranty 

29 

conditions offered to our customers, we may incur penalties and other liabilities, harm our reputation and relationships with our customers, and may also not be requested or permitted to participate in future tenders for contracts. To the extent that the shortfall associated with performing the terms of any warranty are not covered by our arrangements with our OEM suppliers, we may have to incur such costs ourselves, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. When we enter into an arrangement to provide services to our customers, we provide our customers with a performance guarantee. If we are not able to satisfactorily fulfil such guarantees, we may incur penalties and other liabilities, harm our reputation and relationships with our customers, and may also not be requested or permitted to participate in future tenders for contracts. 

# **_23. We may be subject to claims arising out of accidents or injuries at the sites of ATMs that are operated by us as part of our Brown Label ATM services._** 

The services we offer as part of our Brown Label ATM services business may attract liability in certain circumstances where bodily injury occurs to persons interacting with our ATMs, including where the person may suffer injury from being trapped inside an ATM or the premises on which the ATM is located. To the extent that we are liable for any such instances and our insurance does not cover the costs associated with such claims, we may have to incur such costs ourselves, which would increase our expenses, and which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial conditions. 

# **_24. We face difficulties and incur additional expenses in operating in certain regions in India where infrastructure may be limited._** 

We provide our services to our customers in a number of difficult to reach and remote rural and semi-urban areas, such as the India-Pakistan and India-China border regions, villages in remote regions in the Himalayas and the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, some of which are only accessible by boat. To the extent we decide to further expand our network or increase the amount of services we provide in these areas, we may incur additional costs and encounter additional obstacles in operating in those markets due to the limited or unreliable infrastructure, particularly with respect to procuring adequate security measures and enhancing information technology systems, as well as having access to adequate road transportation and utilities, such as electricity. In addition, industrialization and growth of construction in urban areas have presented greater opportunities to increase income, resulting in migration of approximately 10 million people from rural areas to urban areas each year. (Source: Frost & Sullivan) There can be no assurance that offering or providing services in such regions is, will remain, or will be profitable or advantageous to our operations, or that there will be constant or increasing demand for our services in such regions, or that any opportunities we currently perceive in such in such regions will develop or be realised by us. The costs of providing services in remote regions, which can be high, may exceed the potential revenues that may be earned from offering services in those regions, particularly if migration from rural areas to urban areas continues or increases. In addition, by directing resources to offering services in such regions, we may not be able to direct sufficient resources to other, more profitable or strategically beneficial business opportunities, such as in urban areas. To the extent we are required to incur more costs and expenses than originally envisioned or are unable to expand our network or increase the amount of services we provide in these areas in the manner we desire, our margins decrease, or there are unanticipated difficulties in hiring appropriately trained or suitable personnel in the region or servicing customer requirements in the region, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

**_25. We face risks associated with our acquisitions, including risks arising from change of control provisions in contracts of any acquired company, local law factors and risks associated with restructuring of operations._** 

We have acquired companies in recent years which now form part of our business, and we intend to continue to explore selective strategic acquisitions both in India and outside of India to continue to grow our business. For further information, relating to our acquisition strategy, see “ _Our Business - Our Strategies - Grow through selective value accretive strategic acquisitions_ ” on page 142. 

However, acquisitions involve a significant number of risks, including risks arising from change of control provisions in contracts of any acquired company, local law factors and risks associated with restructuring operations. The successful implementation of acquisitions depends on a range of factors, including funding arrangements, cultural compatibility and integration. Potential difficulties that we may encounter as part of an acquisition could include the following: 

30 

- inability to obtain GoI or other regulatory approvals; 

- our inability to turnaround or grow a business, which may also result in our inability to meet acquisition finance costs; 

- underestimated costs associated with the acquisition or over-valuation by us of acquired companies; 

- limited control to retain customer contracts after any acquisition; 

- incurring of debt or loan liabilities in order to finance an acquisition and execution of financing agreements with restrictive covenants in relation to the same; 

- insufficient indemnification from the selling parties for legal liabilities incurred by the acquired company prior to the acquisition; 

- our failure to discover issues around an acquired company’s intellectual property, customer relationships, accounting practices or regulatory compliances; 

- financial liabilities (including payment of arrears in remuneration and other labour welfare benefits) of acquired companies; 

- potential unknown liabilities, legal contingencies and unforeseen increased expenses or delays associated with the acquisition; 

- delays in the integration of strategies, operations and services and increased costs of integration; 

- attrition and differences in business backgrounds, corporate cultures and management philosophies that may delay successful integration; 

- the possibility that the full benefits anticipated to result from the acquisition will not be realised; 

- reallocation of our management’s time from our existing business as a result of the acquisition; 

- litigation or other claims in connection with acquired companies, including claims from terminated workforce, customers, former stockholders or other third parties; 

- retaining key executives and other employees; 

- challenges associated with creating and enforcing uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies; 

- the disruption of, or the reduction in growth in, our on-going businesses; and 

- foreign exchange controls and other changes in regulatory environment. 

If we are unable to successfully overcome the potential difficulties associated with the integration process and achieve our objectives following an acquisition, the anticipated benefits and synergies of our recent or any future acquisitions may not be realised fully, or at all, or may take longer to realise than expected. There can be no assurance that we will be able to fully realize the anticipated benefits of any future acquisitions successfully within our expected timeframe or at all **.** Additionally, no assurance can be given that any businesses acquired will be profitable. Any failure to realise anticipated benefits in a timely manner could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, we do not have experience in operating businesses outside of India, which may impact our ability to acquire, manage, develop, grow and successfully integrate business outside of India with our existing business operations in India. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully acquire or develop any businesses outside of India. Any inability by us to successfully operate in new markets outside of India could adversely affect our growth and prospects and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_26. We may not be able to successfully implement our business strategies to grow our business organically._** 

Our growth strategy includes growing our business organically and expanding into new business areas, including Brown Label ATM management, currency chest automation and retail cash automation. We cannot assure you that our growth strategy will be successful or that we will be able to continue to expand further or diversify our product and service offerings. For example, in order to expand our business into Brown Label ATM management, we purchased the Brown Label ATM business (including its ATM outsourcing business contracts) of a small Brown Label ATM services company in January 2017, with the expectation of growing it. However, we may not be successful in winning Brown Label ATM contracts that are sufficiently profitable and may be unable to fully realise the anticipated benefits of integrating this business with our existing businesses due to unforeseen difficulties, contingencies or increased expenses or delays associated with the acquisition. There can also be no assurance that any contracts won for Brown Label ATM services will be remain sufficiently profitable in the future, which may adversely affect our profitability, cash flows and results of operations. In addition, our expansion into the currency chest automation business and our future growth of that business is largely dependent on state-owned banks 

31 

continuing to outsource their currency chest automation operations to private third-party companies, such as us. If, for example, regulations change so that these banks were no longer permitted to outsource such operations or it became no longer economical to do so, we may not be able to grow our currency chest automation business as anticipated or at all. We are have begun deployment of our retail cash automation services business. However, to the extent our future expenditures to grow this business are more than anticipated or our plans with regard to this business change for unforeseen reasons, we may not be able to realise a return on our investments. 

In addition, our organic growth strategies have placed and continue to place significant demands on our management and our ability to manage our growth and these strategies will depend on the timely and costeffective availability of capital, debt, allocation of our workforce and other resources, ability to procure, service and maintain plant and equipment efficiently and cost effectively, and maintenance of strict risk management standards to minimise risk. There can be no assurance that our current policies, systems and processes will adequately address these and other risks that we face, or that new risks will not arise as a result of our growth strategies which we have not anticipated. If we are not able to successfully implement our business strategies to grow our business organically in the manner we have planned, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

**_27. We are dependent on a number of key managerial personnel, including senior management, and the loss of or our inability to attract or retain such persons with specialised technical know-how could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

Our performance depends largely on the efforts and abilities of our senior management team, other key personnel and the performance and productivity of our operational managers and field personnel. Our senior management consists of a diverse group of experienced and qualified professionals and any loss of these individuals could result in a loss of their respective industry knowledge and expertise. The input and experience of our senior management and Key Management Personnel are also important to the future development of our business and our business strategy. We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain these employees or, to the extent they leave our Company, find adequate replacements for them in a timely manner, or at all. We may also require a long period of time to identify potential candidates, and recruit and train personnel when skilled personnel cease employment with us. Further, the market for qualified personnel with relevant industry expertise in India is competitive. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting and retaining skilled employees that our business requires. The loss of the services of any or a group of our key personnel could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, there is a limited number of people with the requisite skills and industry experience required to manage complex, and significant, business operations such as ours. If we are unable to recruit sufficient personnel with the necessary skills and industry expertise, our ability to manage our operations may be adversely affected, which may result in decreased customer satisfaction with our services, decreased revenues and adverse effects to our results of operations. 

**_28. Any failure to obtain, renew and maintain requisite statutory and regulatory permits, licenses and approvals for our operations from time to time may adversely affect our business._** 

We are required to maintain certain licenses, approvals, permits and registrations in order to undertake our business activities. We are also required to maintain licenses under various applicable national and state labour laws in force in India for certain of our offices and with regard to certain of our employees. For instance, we have applied for certain licenses under the SE Act and the CLRA and rules made thereunder, notified by the central government and adopted with such modifications as deemed necessary by the respective state governments, applicable to us in certain locations in which we operate, of which some are currently pending and may also be subject to intermittent applications for renewal. We require such permissions in order to operate various of our branches and offices in India, and must apply for renewals of such permissions from time to time, as required. We have applied for certain licenses under the SE Act and CLRA for some of our branches and are yet to apply for some licenses under the SE Act and CLRA for some of our branches. We cannot assure that we will be able to obtain such licenses in time and will not be subject to any penalty. Further, an additional labour commissioner has in the past cancelled our license under the CLRA, against which an appeal has been preferred by us. We cannot assure you that any such instance would not occur again in the future. We are also registered for GST registration under the CGST Act 2017, IGST Act 2017 and SGST Act 2017. 

32 

In addition, in the ordinary course of our business, we may apply for renewal of any relevant licenses, approvals, permits and registrations that may have expired. There can be no assurance that the relevant authorities will grant the required permissions or renew the expired licenses and approvals in the anticipated time-frame, on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. There have been certain discrepancies in relation to statutory filings required to be made with the RoC under the Companies Act, 2013. There can be no assurance that the RoC will not impose penalties on our Company in this regard. Further, our branches may be inspected by various local, state level and central government authorities, who may, after such inspections, instruct us to comply with specific guidelines, impose penalties or even cancel our licenses. Additionally, our failure to comply with the terms and conditions to which such licenses, approvals, permits or registrations are subject or to renew, obtain or maintain the required licenses, approvals, permits or registrations may result in an interruption of our operations and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have a number of applications for fresh approvals and for renewal of expired licenses pending and there can be no assurance that we will receive these in time or at all. For details in relation to the approvals we have received or those which we have applied for, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 239. 

# **_29. We have applied for registration of three trademarks, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully register the trademarks, or that it will not be infringed upon._** 

Our trademarks are significant to our business and operations. We have applied for registration of trademarks for “ _CMS Connecting Commerce_ ” (under different classes), “ _ALGO_ ” and “ _CMS_ ” (under different classes), and there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain registration of the trademarks applied for in our name, and such failure may materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, reputation and goodwill. For further details, see “ _Government and Other Approvals – Intellectual property related approvals_ ” on page 240. Pending registration of these trademark applications, any third-party may claim on our trademark, which may have an adverse effect on our business, operations, financial results and reputation. We have not yet applied for registration of our trademark “Securitrans” under the Trademarks Act, 1999. In the absence of an application for registration of the trademark, we may have lesser recourse to initiate legal proceedings in case of any breach. Further, we may not be able to avail legal protection under the Trademarks Act, 1999 or prevent unauthorised use of such trademark by third parties, which may adversely affect our reputation and business. 

**_30. Our inability to meet our obligations, including financial and other covenants under our debt financing arrangements could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

As of July 31, 2017, our outstanding borrowings were ` 84.56 million, consisting of vehicle loans of ` 46.54 million and cash credit and bank overdraft facilities with banks of ` 38.02 million. Further, we had bank guarantees and letters of credit issued by banks of ` 774.85 million. Our ability to repay our outstanding borrowings and meet our debt service obligations will depend primarily on the cash generated by our business. 

Our financing agreements all contain certain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to undertake certain types of transactions, any of which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. We may be required to obtain an approval from our lenders for, among other things: 

- effecting any change in the capital structure; 

- undertaking any merger, de-merger, consolidation, reorganisation, scheme of arrangement or compromise; 

- incurring major capital expenditure or incurring capital expenditure which is not in the ordinary course of business; 

- prepaying loans; 

- declaring dividends; 

- change in the composition of the Board; 

- investing, lending, extending advances or placing deposits with any other concern; 

- entering into borrowing arrangements; 

- creating any charges, lien or encumbrances over our assets; 

- selling, assigning, mortgaging or disposing off any fixed assets charged to a lender; 

- undertaking to guarantee obligations on behalf of a third-party; 

33 

- changing the ownership pattern or management structure of our Company or effecting any material changes in the management of the business; and 

- making amendments to the Memorandum and Articles of Association. 

Under these agreements, certain of the lenders also have the right to, inter-alia, impose penal and default interests, accelerate the maturity of our obligations and declare all amounts payable in respect of the facility to be due and payable immediately or otherwise on demand in the event of a default. Further, under the terms of our current agreements and any future agreements we enter into, any downgrading of the credit rating of our Company by a credit rating agency, any reduction in profits beyond a certain percentage or any adverse comment from the statutory auditors of our Company may qualify as an event of default under the relevant financing agreements. If we breach any financial or other covenants contained in any of our current or future financing arrangements, we may be required to immediately repay our borrowings either in whole or in part, together with any related costs. 

We cannot assure you that, in the event that any of our lenders exercise their contractual rights against under any of the financing agreements, we will have sufficient resources to repay the borrowings or take any of the other demanded actions or actions we are contractually obligated to take. In addition, certain of our financing arrangements contain cross default provisions which could automatically be triggered by defaults under other financing arrangements. We may be forced to sell some or all of our assets if we do not have sufficient funds or credit facilities to make repayments. Additionally, because some of our borrowings are secured against all or a portion of our assets, lenders may be able to sell those assets to enforce their claims for repayment. Our failure to meet our obligations under the debt financing agreements could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Our Company has provided corporate guarantees assuring repayment of certain loan facilities availed by our Subsidiary, SIPL. If any Subsidiary or any other guarantor under the loan facilities commits a default, or fails to meet their obligations under the facility agreements, there is a risk that the lender may enforce its rights against our Company (in addition to any rights it may have against our Subsidiaries). If any lender seeks the accelerated repayment of any such loan or is successful in enforcing any other rights against us, including enforcing the corporate guarantees and pledge on shares, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our Company has also provided performance guarantees to certain of our customers, assuring performance by us and our subsidiaries, where relevant, of obligations owed under our customer contracts. If we or our subsidiaries, where relevant, commits a default under a customer contract, which we have guaranteed there is a risk that the customer may enforce its rights against our Company under the terms of the performance guarantee, which may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

For more information on our borrowings, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 226. 

**_31. Our Promoter has availed an offshore loan facility (“Facility”) and the holding company of our Promoter has pledged a part of its shareholding in our Promoter as security. The Facility also imposes certain obligations on our Promoter that are based on compliance of our Company with certain financial and operational parameters, and our Promoter is required to ensure our compliance with those parameters. A default by our Promoter of any such obligations may result in an invocation of the pledge on our Promoter_ ’** **_s shares, which subsequent to the Offer, could cause an indirect change in control of our Company and trigger an open offer requirement under the Takeover Regulations._** 

Our Promoter has availed the Facility and as a security for the Facility, the holding company of our Promoter has pledged 30% of its shareholding in our Promoter and all the preference shares issued by our Promoter (“ **Pledged Shares** ”) with the lending bank under the Facility (through the security agreement). Further, holding company of our Promoter has issued irrevocable power of attorney for all the ordinary shares in our Promoter (other than Pledged Shares) held by it (“ **PoA Shares** ”), in favour of the security agent for sale of such ordinary shares, in case of an event of default. Additionally, as per the terms of the security agreement, the holding company of our Promoter has agreed to not dispose its shareholding in our Promoter. The facility agreement imposes a number of obligations on our Promoter that are based in part on compliance of our Company with certain financial and operational parameters, and our Promoter is required to ensure our compliance with those parameters. Some of these obligations on our Promoter include the following: 

34 

- obligation to hold 50.1% of our Equity Shares and direct control of our Company; 

- obligation to impose limitations on certain corporate actions by us including, acquisitions, investments, joint ventures, creation of encumbrance, incurring financial indebtedness and issuance of Equity Shares; 

- obligation to limit changes in the general nature of the business of our Company; and 

- obligation to ensure compliance with certain other covenants which are in the nature of compliance with financial and operational parameters. 

These obligations and restrictions are legal obligations on our Promoter, which may indirectly limit the financial and operational flexibilities of our Company. In addition, in the event our Promoter is unable to comply with, or ensure compliance with, such covenants, the lending bank has the right to invoke the pledge, which would result in transfer of the Pledged Shares to the lending bank and in case of an event of default, security agent can sell PoA Shares to a third party. Invocation of pledge on the Pledged Shares or sale of PoA Shares subsequent to the Offer may result in indirect change in control of our Company and the acquirer having to make an open offer for the Equity Shares, in accordance with the Takeover Regulations, which could adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. 

# **_32. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and subsequent approval of shareholders and will depend on factors that our Board and shareholders deem relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. We may decide to retain all of our earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business and, therefore, may not declare dividends on our Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends at any point in the future. See “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 198. 

# **_33. Negative publicity about our name or brand could lead to a loss of revenues or profitability._** 

The services that we provide to banks and other customers form a critical function of their businesses, and accordingly, trust and reliability are of utmost importance. As a result, our reputation for delivering quality services that they can rely on is a key factor to the success of our business and our long-term relationships with many of our customers. For example, if we and/or our subsidiaries are associated with actual or perceived breaches of conduct, such as theft, embezzlement, fraud, unethical behaviour or reporting errors, and such behaviour is made public and publicised, as has occurred from time to time in the past, our brand and reputation could be adversely affected, resulting in us losing the trust of and business from our current customers or opportunities for business from new customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, ability to retain and increase market share, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, the nature of our operations exposes us to the risk of additional public scrutiny and, in the event of material breach, as per the terms of our contracts, our customers have the right to publicize our name. As a result, any actual or perceived breaches of conduct, such as theft, embezzlement, fraud, unethical behaviour or reporting errors may receive significant and unfavourable publicity, which may adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential customers and consequently our business and financial condition. Our Company and SIPL have, from time to time, been mentioned in publicity in respect of various robberies of cash vans in India, and other criminal activities and incidents, including where we are not the subject of such incidents. There can be no assurance that we or our Subsidiaries will not be mentioned in any negative publicity in the future, or that we will not suffer any reputational damage as a result of being mentioned in any such publicity. 

35 

# **_34. We have certain contingent liabilities that may adversely affect our financial condition._** 

As of March 31, 2017, our contingent liabilities were ` 61.68 million, which comprised 0.61% of our total revenue from operations for the relevant periods, respectively. In the event that any of these contingent liabilities materialise, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

The details of our contingent liabilities, in accordance with Ind AS–37 – “Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets”, as of March 31, 2017 as follows: 

|**Particulars**|**Amount(**`**in millions)**|
|---|---|
|Disputed Customs matter|42.78|
|Claims against Group not acknowledged as debt|18.90|
|**Total**|61.68|



In relation to the matters of custom duty listed above, the Group is contesting the rejection of refund claim filed by the Company from the relevant Government departments. No provision has been made in our Company’s financial statements for said claim. 

For details, see “ _Financial Statements – Annexure XXVII – Restated Ind As Consolidated Statement of Contingent Liabilities and Capital Commitments_ ” in accordance with the provisions of Ind AS–37 – “Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets” on page F-55. 

# **_35. We have had negative cash flows from investing and financing activities in the last 3 years and we may have negative cash flows in the future._** 

Set forth below is a table of selected information from our consolidated statements of cash flows for Fiscal Years 2017, 2016 and 2015: 

|||**Fiscal Year**||
|---|---|---|---|
||**2017**<br>**(****_in_**`**_millions_)**|**2016**<br>**(****_in_**`**_millions_)**|**2015**<br>**(****_in_**`**_millions_)**|
|Net cash flow from operating<br>activities|1,359.97|874.99|514.79|
|Net cash flow used in investing<br>activities|(381.54)|(215.97)|(306.89)|
|Net cash flow from/ (used in)<br>financing activities|(943.15)|20.30|(197.00)|



For further details, see “ _Financial Statements_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition_ ” on pages 199 and 200, respectively. We cannot assure you that our net cash flows will be positive in the future. 

# **_36. We have availed unsecured loans which may be recalled by the lenders at any time._** 

As of July 31, 2017, our Company has availed unsecured non-fund based facilities of an aggregate amount of ` 65.19 million, which may, in accordance with the terms on which the facilities have been availed, be recalled by the lenders at any time. Our Promoter has not provided us with any unsecured loans. If one or more of the lenders recall the amounts provided under the facilities they have advanced to us, we may not have sufficient resources to repay the full amounts due and owing by us under those facilities. Any default by our Company in respect of its repayment obligations may also be an event of default under other of our facility agreements, which may trigger cross default provisions under other of our financing arrangements. Further, in the event that any lender seeks a repayment of any unsecured facility, we may need to find alternative sources of financing, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we are unable to procure alternative sources of finance, we may not have sufficient working capital to undertake any planned or unplanned projects, or complete any existing projects that we are undertaking. As a result, any such demand may affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_37. Our Promoter will continue to be our largest shareholder and will have the right to approve certain corporate actions, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with our equity shareholders._** 

Following the completion of the Offer, our Promoter will continue to hold more than 51.00% of our outstanding Equity Shares, and therefore will have the ability to significantly influence our operations. Our Promoter will also have significant influence on actions at Board and at shareholders’ meetings, including 

36 

the issue of Equity Shares and dividend payments, business plans, mergers and acquisitions, any consolidation or joint venture arrangements, any amendment to our Memorandum and Articles of Association, and any assignment or transfer of our interest in any of our properties. Further, our Promoter currently has the right to nominate two directors on our Board and will continue to exercise such right, subject to receipt of approval from our shareholders after the listing of our Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that our Promoter will not have conflicts of interest with other shareholders or with our Company. Any such conflict may adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy or to operate our business. 

Further, our Promoter being part of a private equity group, is continuously exploring opportunities in the domestic and global markets to make investments and explore ways in which it can leverage its existing networks, expertise and investment experience to expand its portfolios through potential new acquisitions and optimize its investment value. Further to this objective, Baring Private Equity Asia and the Promoter may evaluate investment opportunities in future, some of which could be in a similar line of business. Further, Baring Private Equity Asia and the Promoter may cause potential combinations or collaborations to create synergies between our Company and other portfolio companies, in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. We cannot assure you that any such actions by Baring Private Equity Asia and our Promoter will be beneficial for our Company or will not conflict with our interests or interest of other shareholders. 

In addition, our Promoter may, after the expiry of any lock up periods in respect of any of their Equity Shares, divest all or part of its stake in our Company after completion of the Offer, or may cease to hold a controlling stake in our Company. In such circumstances, our Company may not continue to be managed and operated in accordance with current management or operations, and we will not have the benefit of our Promoter’s industry expertise and business acumen, which may have an adverse effect on our operations, profitability, and results of operations. 

**_38. We rely on contract labour for carrying out certain of our operations and we may be held responsible for paying the wages of such workers, if the independent contractors through whom such workers are hired default on their obligations, and such obligations could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition._** 

In order to retain flexibility and control costs, we appoint independent contractors who in turn engage contract labour for performance of certain of our operations in our business. Although we do not engage these labourers directly, we may be held responsible for any wage payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractor to pay the labourers’ wage payments. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, under the CLRA, notified and enforced by the central government and adopted with such modifications as may be deemed necessary by the respective state governments, we may be required to absorb a number of such contract labourers as permanent employees. In the event of any non-compliance by contractors with statutory requirements, legal proceedings may be initiated against us. Thus, any such order from a regulatory body or court may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_39. Claims relating to death, personal injury claims or other operating risks associated with our vehicles that are not adequately insured may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

As of March 31, 2017, our fleet comprised of 3,603 cash vans. Our business is subject to various risks inherent with road transportation, including potential liability resulting from the death or bodily injury of our employees and/or personnel provided by our third-party service providers and third-party security service providers and/or members of the public due to accidents involving our cash vans. To the extent that we are liable as a result of any such accidents, and our insurance does not cover any or all of the costs associated with any relevant claims, we may be required to incur such costs ourselves, which would increase our expenses and which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_40. The proceeds from this Offer will not be available to us_** 

As this Offer is by way of an offer for sale of Equity Shares by the Selling Shareholder, the proceeds from this Offer will be remitted to the Selling Shareholder and we will not benefit from such proceeds. For 

37 

further information, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 101. 

**_41. We do not own the land or premises for our Registered and Corporate Office, which is held by us on lease. Such lease may be terminated or not renewed on commercially acceptable terms, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our Registered and Corporate Office is located on premises that has been leased to us from third parties through lease or leave and license or tenancy arrangements. Upon expiration of the agreement for the Registered and Corporate Office, we will be required to negotiate the terms and conditions on which the lease agreement may be renewed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to renew the agreement on commercially reasonable terms, in a timely manner, or at all. 

Termination of our lease may occur for reasons beyond our control. If we or our current or future landlords breach the lease agreements, we may have to relocate to alternative premises or shut down our operations at that site. Relocation of any part of our operations may cause disruptions to our business, and may require significant expenditure. We cannot assure you that in such a case, we will be able to find suitable premises on commercially reasonable terms in a timely manner, if at all, or we may have to pay significantly higher rent or incur additional expenses toward installing necessary furniture, fittings, fixtures, and security systems. Occurrence of any of these may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In the event that our existing lease is terminated or not renewed on commercially acceptable terms, or at all, we may suffer a disruption in our operations. If alternative premises are not available at the same or similar costs, size or locations, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

**_42. The market price of our Equity Shares may be adversely affected by additional issuances of equity or equity-linked securities by us resulting in dilution of your shareholding. Further, any sale of Equity Shares by a significant shareholder and related transactions may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any issuance of the equity or equity-linked securities by us, including through exercise of employee stock options pursuant to the ESOP Schemes may dilute your shareholding in our Company, adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and our ability to raise capital through an issue of our securities. No assurance may be given that we will not issue additional Equity Shares. In this regard, our Board and shareholders have approved employee stock option plans, under which we have granted an aggregate of 13,916,667 stock options under the CEO ESOP 2016 and Employee ESOP 2016, none of which have vested, lapsed, forfeited or been cancelled as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Rajiv Kaul, our Executive Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Whole Time Director may sell certain shares, as allotted, pursuant to exercise of stock options within three months of listing. For further details, see “ _Capital Structure – Employee Stock Option Plans_ ” on page 86. 

Although the pre-Offer shareholding of the shareholders (except Equity Shares allotted pursuant to exercise of employee stock options) is subject to lock-in as per applicable provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, disposal of a large number of Equity Shares by any significant shareholder of our Company after the expiry of the lock-in periods could adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares. Our employees may also choose to exercise the vested options and subsequently sell the Equity Shares upon listing. For further details in relation to sale of Equity Shares arising from exercise of ESOPs, please see “ _Capital Structure – Employee Stock Option Plans_ ” on page 86. Any perception by investors that such issuances or sale might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. In addition, Rajiv Kaul, our Executive Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Whole Time Director, has also entered into an agreement dated September 26, 2017 with Vault L.P, which entitles him to receive from Vault L.P. certain amounts equivalent to 0.61% of the value of our Company, subject to various adjustments. For further details, see “ _Our Management – Service Contracts with Directors_ ” on page 179. 

38 

**_43. Our Promoter does not have adequate experience and has not actively participated in the business activities we undertake, which may have an adverse impact on the management and/or operations of our Company._** 

Our Promoter does not have adequate experience and has not actively participated in the business activities undertaken by us. For further details of our Promoter, see “ _Our Promoter and Promoter Group_ ” on page 193. We cannot assure you that this lack of adequate experience will not have any adverse impact on the management and/or operations of our Company. 

# **B. EXTERNAL RISKS** 

**_44. A slowdown in economic growth in India or global economic instability could result in an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations_** 

We currently operate primarily in India, which is generally viewed as a jurisdiction with a developing economy, that may not have as firmly established legal and regulatory systems as other countries, and are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the overall performance of the Indian economy, the GDP growth rate in India and the economic cycle in India. India’s GDP growth was 6.8% in Fiscal Year 2017, decreased from 7.9% in Fiscal Year 2016. India’s GDP is expected to grow at the rate of 7.6% from Fiscal Year 2018 to Fiscal Year 2020. (Source: World Bank; Frost & Sullivan) 

In addition, according to the Monthly Economic Reports for July 2017 and 2016, respectively, the Wholesale Price Index (“ **WPI** ”) headline inflation rate for the month of July 2017 was 1.9% as compared to 3.5% in July 2016. In periods prior to Fiscal Year 2016, India experienced a slowdown in economic growth due to a variety of factors, including unsustainably high current account deficit, capital outflows and consequent exchange rate pressures. Despite the recent signs of an economic turnaround in the Indian economy, there is no assurance that growth will not slow down again or that inflation will not increase further in the future. A slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect our business and our customers and contractual counterparties, especially if such a slowdown were to be continued and prolonged. In periods of high rates of inflation, our operating expenses may increase which could have an adverse effect on our cash flows and results of operations. 

Generally, economic growth in India is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports (oil and oil products), global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall which affects agricultural production. Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. Demand for our services may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional or global economies, as during these periods there may be less cash in circulation and less cash-based transactions, which can reduce the demand for our services. Any decrease in the demand for our services may adversely affect our revenue, margins, cash flows and results of operations. 

Further, in light of the increasing linkage of the Indian economy to other global economies, the Indian economy is increasingly influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Global slowdown of the financial markets and economies has in the past contributed to weakness in the Indian financial and economic environment. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located in other countries, including India. These economies could be adversely affected by various factors, such as political and regulatory changes including adverse changes in liberalisation policies, social disturbances, religious or communal tensions, terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war, natural calamities, interest rates, commodity and energy prices and various other factors. The global credit markets have continued to experience significant volatility in recent years, which have had, and may continue to have, a significant adverse effect on the availability of credit and the confidence of the financial markets, globally as well as in India. The global economic downturn led to an increased level of consumer delinquencies, lack of consumer confidence, decreased market valuations and liquidity, increased market volatility and a widespread reduction of business activity generally. 

39 

The resulting economic pressure and dampened consumer sentiment may adversely affect our business and our results of operations. A recession in the United States and other countries in the developed world and a slowdown in economic growth in markets such as China could also have an adverse effect on economic growth in India, which could in turn adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Other specific country risks that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations are: 

- political instability, riots or other forms of civil disturbance or violence; 

- war, terrorism, invasion, rebellion or revolution; 

- government interventions, including expropriation or nationalisation of assets, increased protectionism and the introduction of tariffs or subsidies; 

- changing fiscal and regulatory regimes; 

- arbitrary or inconsistent Government action; 

- inflation in local economies; 

- cancellation, nullification or unenforceability of contractual rights; and 

- underdeveloped industrial and economic infrastructure. 

Additionally, changes in investment policies or shifts in the prevailing political climate in any of the countries in which we operate, or seek to operate, could result in the introduction of changes to Government regulations with respect to: 

- price controls; 

- export and import controls; 

- income and other taxes; 

- foreign ownership restrictions; 

- foreign exchange and currency controls; and 

- • labour and welfare benefit policies. 

Unexpected changes in these policies or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_45. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our services at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our customers and our profits might decline._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past, and despite significantly low levels of inflation in recent periods, according to the RBI’s Monetary Policy Report of April 2017, there are broad-based inflation pressures, which make the inflation outlook for Fiscal Year 2018 challenging. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of transportation, wages, raw materials and other expenses relevant to our business. High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to pass on to our customers, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or increase the prices of our services at a proportional rate in order to pass the increase in costs on to our customers. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. Further, the GoI has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

# **_46. Political instability or a significant change in the Government’s economic liberalisation and deregulation policies could adversely affect our business and the price of our Equity Shares._** 

Our business and customers are primarily located in India, and we currently derive all of our revenues from operations in India and all of our assets are located in India. Consequently, our performance, market price and liquidity of our Equity Shares may be affected by changes in control, government policies, taxation, social, instability, civil unrest and other political and economic developments affecting India. The GoI has 

40 

traditionally exercised, and continues to exercise, significant influence over many aspects of the economy. Government policies could adversely affect business and economic conditions in India, as well as our ability to implement our strategy and our future financial performance. Our business is also impacted by regulations and conditions in the various states in India where we operate. 

Since 1991, successive Indian governments have pursued policies of economic liberalisation. The current GoI has announced that its general intention is to continue India’s current economic and financial sector liberalisation and deregulation policies, including significantly relaxing restrictions on the private sector and encouraging the development of the Indian financial sector. However, there can be no assurance that such policies will be continued. A significant change in the GoI’s policies could result in an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The rate of economic liberalisation could change and specific laws and policies affecting foreign investment, currency exchange and other matters affecting investment in our securities could change as well. Any significant change in India’s economic liberalisation and deregulation policies could adversely affect business and economic conditions in India generally and our business in particular. 

# **_47. Regional hostilities, terrorist attacks, social unrest, natural or man-made disasters and other similar threats to security and events outside our control could adversely affect our business._** 

Certain parts of India have experienced localised hostilities, terrorist attacks and social unrest, in particular in districts that are prone to Naxalite violence and disturbances. Given the broad scale of our pan-India operations, we operate and have branches in a number of districts where historically such violence and disturbances have occurred and therefore may have a greater exposure to the risks of operating in these areas than our competitors. If violence and disturbances occurs or becomes more widespread in any of these districts, our ability to operate in those districts or the affected areas could be limited, which could adversely affect the revenue we generate from those districts. India has, from time to time, experienced terrorist attacks, instances of civil unrest and political tensions and hostilities among neighbouring countries. Political tensions could create a perception that an investment in Indian companies involves higher degrees of risk and have an adverse effect on our business and the price of our Equity Shares Any unexpected changes in the political, social, economic or other conditions in India, or in neighbouring countries, could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, there can be no assurance that we will not be the target of terrorist attacks in the future. Such attacks may be directed at our property or personnel or at ATMs and other property belonging to our customers or at state-owned infrastructure and the general population. Such attacks, or the threat of such attacks, whether or not successful, may disrupt our operations or those of our customers and the delivery of our services, result in increased costs for security and insurance and may put our assets and personnel at risk and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. Events such as these have also historically had an adverse effect on the Indian economy and may do so again in the future, which could in turn adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

In addition, certain of our assets and business operations, including our offices and branches are located in areas that may be impacted by natural disasters such as fires, earthquakes, water shortage, droughts and floods. Since all of our operations and workforce are located in India and there can be no assurance that we will not be affected by natural disasters that occur in India in the future. If any such event were to occur, our business could be affected due to the event itself or due to our inability to effectively manage the effects of the particular event. Potential effects include the damage to our network of branches and fleet of cash vans, the loss of customer property and valuables, or the loss of business continuity and any such event could also have an adverse effect on the financial markets and India’s economy. Any disruption of our operations at any of our locations could result in a material adverse effect on our ability to service our customers, and in turn, our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_48. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as Previous GAAP, IFRS and U.S. GAAP, which may be material to investors’ assessment of our financial condition._** 

We are required to prepare annual and interim financial statements under Ind AS from periods beginning April 1, 2016 as required under Section 133 of the Companies Act 2013. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP or IFRS. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS and previous GAAP in accordance with Companies 

41 

(Accounting Standards) Rules, 2006, notified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 and other relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“ **Previous GAAP** ”). Accordingly, the degree to which the Ind AS and Previous GAAP financial statements, which are restated as per SEBI ICDR Regulations included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited. 

# **_49. We may be affected by competition law in India and any adverse application or interpretation of the Competition Act could adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, as amended (the “ **Competition Act** ”), regulates practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India. Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition is considered void and may result in the imposition of substantial monetary penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or provision of services, shares the market or source of production or provision of services in any manner by way of allocation of geographical area, type of goods or services or number of customers in the relevant market or in any other similar way or directly or indirectly results in bidrigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. If it is proved that the contravention committed by a company took place with the consent or connivance or is attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other officer of such company, that person shall be also guilty of the contravention and may be punished. 

On March 4, 2011, the GoI issued and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to and pre-approved by the Competition Commission of India (the “ **CCI** ”). Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued the Competition Commission of India (Procedure in regard to the transaction of business relating to combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. The Competition Act aims to, among other things, prohibit all agreements and transactions which may have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. 

The applicability or interpretation of the Competition Act to any merger, amalgamation or acquisition proposed or undertaken by us, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by CCI for alleged violation of provisions of the Competition Act may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operation. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain approval for any future acquisitions on satisfactory terms, or at all. If we are affected directly or indirectly by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act or any proceedings initiated by the CCI or any other relevant authority (or any other claim by any other party under the Competition Act) or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution under the Competition Act, including by way of financial penalties, our reputation may also be materially and adversely affected. 

# **_50. Our ability to raise foreign capital may be constrained by Indian law._** 

As an Indian company, we are subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies, including those specified under the Foreign Exchange Management Act (the “ **FEMA** ”) and the rules thereunder. Such regulatory restrictions limit our financing sources for our projects under development and hence could constrain our ability to obtain financing on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. Additionally, we cannot assure you that any required regulatory approvals for borrowing in foreign currencies will be granted to us without onerous conditions, or at all. Further, limitations on foreign debt may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

42 

**_51. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfers of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions), if they comply with the valuation and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements and falls under any of the exceptions specified by the RBI, then the RBI’s prior approval is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert the Indian Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India will require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. Additionally, the GoI may impose foreign exchange restrictions in certain emergency situations, including situations where there are sudden fluctuations in interest rates or exchange rates, where the GoI experiences extreme difficulty in stabilising the balance of payments or where there are substantial disturbances in the financial and capital markets in India. These restrictions may require foreign investors to obtain the GoI’s approval before acquiring Indian securities or repatriating the interest or dividends from those securities or the proceeds from the sale of those securities. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other GoI agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. 

**_52. Any downgrading of India’s debt rating by a domestic or international rating agency could adversely affect our business._** 

India’s sovereign debt rating could be downgraded due to various factors, including changes in tax or fiscal policy or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves, which are outside our control. Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by domestic or international rating agencies may adversely affect our ability to raise additional financing, and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing is available. This could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance, ability to obtain financing for capital expenditures and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_53. Third-party statistical and financial data in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus may be incomplete or unreliable._** 

We have not independently verified data obtained from industry publications and other external sources referred to in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and therefore, while we believe them to be true, we cannot assure you that they are complete or reliable. Such data may also be produced on different bases from those used in other industry publications. Therefore, discussions of matters relating to India, its economy and the industries in which we currently operate in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are subject to the caveat that the statistical and other data upon which such discussions are based may be incomplete or unreliable. 

Further, we have engaged Frost & Sullivan to produce an industry report. Frost & Sullivan has provided us with a report titled “Assessment of Cash Management Services Market in India”, dated September 2017, which has been used for industry-related data disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. The report uses certain methodologies for market sizing and forecasting. We have not independently verified such data and therefore, while we believe them to be true, we can make no assurance that they are accurate, complete or reliable. Accordingly, investors should read the industry-related disclosure in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus in this context. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. While industry sources take due care and caution while preparing their reports, they do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the data. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decisions solely on such information. For further information, see “ _Industry Overview_ ” on page 111 and “ _Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information and Market Data and Currency of Presentation – Industry and Market Data_ ” on page 10. 

43 

# **C. RISKS RELATING TO THE EQUITY SHARES AND THE OFFER** 

**_54. Future sales of Equity Shares by our Promoter may adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares._** 

After the completion of the Offer, our Promoter will own, directly, more than 51.00% of our outstanding Equity Shares. Upon expiry of the lock-in period provided under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, our Promoter will be eligible to sell part or all of the Equity Shares held by it. Future sales of a large number of the Equity Shares by our Promoter, either in one sale or over a series of sales, could adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares. Similarly, the perception that any such primary or secondary sale may occur could adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares. No assurance may be given that our Promoter will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future, or that the market price of the Equity Shares will not be adversely affected by any such disposal, pledge or encumbrance of their Equity Shares. 

# **_55. You will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares you purchase in the Offer._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to the applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entry, or “demat” accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately six Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

# **_56. Investors bear the risk of fluctuation in the price of the Equity Shares._** 

There has been no public market for the Equity Shares prior to the Offer and the trading price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate after the Offer. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares in this Offer will be determined by us in consultation with the BRLMs pursuant to the Book Building Process, and it may not necessarily be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer is complete. You may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price and, as a result, you may lose all or part of your investment. Following the Offer, the Equity Shares are expected to trade on the Stock Exchanges; however, there can be no assurance that active trading in the Equity Shares will develop after the Offer or, if such trading develops, that it will continue. Investors may not be able to rapidly sell the Equity Shares at the quoted price if there is no active trading in the Equity Shares. 

In addition, the price at which the Equity Shares will trade after this Offer will be determined by the marketplace and may be influenced by many factors, including: 

- our financial condition and financial performance; 

- the history of, and the prospects for, our business and the cash management industry; 

- an assessment of our management, our past and present operations, and the prospects for, and timing of, our future revenues and cost structures; 

- any analyst reports in respect of our Company; 

- the present state of our development; and 

- the valuation of publicly traded companies that are engaged in business activities similar to ours. 

Further, the Stock Exchanges have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market prices for the securities of Indian companies. As a result, investors in the Equity Shares may experience a decrease in the value of the Equity Shares regardless of our operating 

44 

performance or prospects. The market price of our Equity Shares may fluctuate due to the volatility of the Indian securities market and may be more volatile than the securities markets in other countries. 

**_57. Any future issuance of Equity Shares by us may dilute your shareholding and adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any future issuance of the Equity Shares or securities linked to the Equity Shares by us may dilute your shareholding in our Company, adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and our ability to raise capital through an issue of our securities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. No assurance may be given that we will not issue additional Equity Shares. 

# **_58. You may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of Equity Shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares on a stock exchange held for more than 12 months will not be subject to capital gains tax in India if Securities Transaction Tax ( **“STT”** ) has been paid on the transaction. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. Any gain realised on the sale of equity shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold other than on a recognised stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid to an Indian resident, will be subject to long-term capital gains tax in India. Further, any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. However, capital gains on the sale of our Equity Shares purchased in the offer by residents of certain countries will not be taxable in India by virtue of the provisions contained in the taxation treaties between India and such countries. 

**_59. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and may experience price and volume fluctuations following the completion of the Offer, an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for our Equity Shares will develop or, if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past, and the trading price of our Equity Shares after this Offer could fluctuate significantly as a result of market volatility or due to various internal or external risks, including but not limited to those described in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

# **Prominent Notes** 

1. Initial public offering of 44,400,000 Equity Shares, at an Offer Price of ` [ ● ] per Equity Share for cash, aggregating up to ` [ ● ] million and is being made through the Book Building Process, through an Offer for Sale of 44,400,000 Equity Shares by the Selling Shareholder. In terms of Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR read with Regulation 41 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the Offer is being made for at least 10% of the post-Offer paid up equity share capital of our Company. 

2. The Offer is being made pursuant to Regulation 26(1) of the SEBI ICDR Regulation, wherein not more than 50% of the Offer shall be available for allocation, on a proportionate basis, to QIBs. Our Company and the Selling Shareholder may, in consultation with the BRLMs, allocate up to 60% of the QIB Category to Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis. 5% of the QIB Category (excluding Anchor Investor Portion) shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Mutual Funds only. The remainder of the QIB Category shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to all QIBs (other 

45 

than Anchor Investors), including Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price. Further, not less than 15% of the Offer shall be available for allocation on a proportionate basis to Non-Institutional Bidders and not less than 35% of the Offer shall be available for allocation to Retail Individual Bidders, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Offer Price. 

3. Our net worth as on March 31, 2017 was ` 5,745.33 million and ` 5,733.80 million, as per our Restated Unconsolidated Financial Statements and Restated Consolidated Financial Statements, respectively. Our net asset value per Equity Share was ` 38.82 and ` 38.74 as at March 31, 2017, as per our Restated Unconsolidated Financial Statements and Restated Consolidated Financial Statements, respectively. For details, see “ _Financial Statements_ ” on page 199. 

4. The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by our Promoter is ` 122.03 per Equity Share. The average cost of acquisition has been computed by dividing cumulative amount paid for Equity Shares by cumulative number of Equity Shares. For details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 84. 

5. Pursuant to conversion into a public limited company, the name of our Company was changed to its present name and a fresh certificate of incorporation was issued by the RoC on January 27, 2015. Subsequent to the change of our name, there was no variation to the activities being undertaken by our Company. Accordingly, the objects clause of our Memorandum of Association was not required to be altered. 

6. For details of transactions entered into by our Company with the Subsidiaries during the last Fiscal, the nature and value of transactions, see “ _Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 197. 

7. There has been no financing arrangement whereby our Promoter Group, the directors of our Promoter, the Directors of our Company and their relatives, have financed the purchase by any other person of securities of our Company other than in the normal course of business of the financing entity during the period of six months immediately preceding the date of filing of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus with SEBI. 

8. Investors may contact any of the Book Running Lead Managers as well as the Registrar to the Offer for any complaint pertaining to the Offer. For details of the Book Running Lead Managers and the Registrar to the Offer, see “ _General Information_ ” on page 76. 

9. All grievances, in relation to the ASBA process, may be addressed to the Registrar to the Offer, with a copy to the relevant Designated Intermediary with whom the ASBA Form was submitted, quoting the full name of the sole or first Bidder, ASBA Form number, Bidders’ DP ID, Client ID, PAN, number of Equity Shares applied for, date of submission of ASBA Form, address of Bidder, the name and address of the relevant Designated Intermediary, where the ASBA Form was submitted by the Bidder and ASBA Account number in which the amount equivalent to the Bid Amount was blocked. Further, the Bidder shall enclose the Acknowledgment Slip from the Designated Intermediaries in addition to the documents or information mentioned hereinabove. 

46 

