# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in our Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider all information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. If any or some combination of the following risks actually occur, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could suffer, the trading price of the Equity Shares could decline and prospective investors may lose all or part of their investment. Investors in the Equity Shares should pay particular attention to the fact that we are subject to extensive regulatory environment that may differ significantly from one jurisdiction to other._ 

_We have described the risks and uncertainties that our management believes are material, but these risks and uncertainties may not be the only ones we face. Some risks may be unknown to us and other risks, currently believed to be immaterial, could be or become material. To obtain a complete understanding of our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with the sections “Our Business”, “Restated Consolidated Financial Information” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” beginning on page 140, 203 and 261, respectively. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of our business and the terms of the Offer, including the merits and risks involved. Prospective investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to them of an investment in our Equity Shares._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements, which refer to future events that involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, which may cause the actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. See “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 24. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, the industry-related information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus is derived from the F&S Report dated June 30, 2023, which has been commissioned and paid for by our Company for an agreed fee for the purposes of confirming our understanding of the industry exclusively in connection with the Offer. We officially engaged Frost & Sullivan (India) Private Limited (“F&S”) in connection with the preparation of the F&S Report on May 2, 2022. Neither we nor any of our Directors or the BRLMs are related parties of F&S. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the F&S Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant Financial Year. There are no material parts, data or information which may be relevant for the Offer that have been left out or changed in any manner. See “Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information and Market Data and Currency of Presentation — Industry and Market Data” and “— Internal Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — 41. This Red Herring Prospectus contains information from third parties, including an industry report prepared by an independent third-party research agency, F&S, which we have commissioned and paid for purposes of confirming our understanding of the industry exclusively in connection with the Offer._ ” _on pages 20 and 48, respectively._ 

_We have included various operational and financial performance indicators in this Red Herring Prospectus, many of which may not be derived from our Restated Consolidated Financial Information. The manner in which such operational and financial performance indicators are calculated and presented, and the assumptions and estimates used in such calculations, may vary from that used by other companies in India and other jurisdictions. Such information may vary from similar information publicly disclosed by us in compliance with applicable regulations in India. Investors are accordingly cautioned against placing undue reliance on such information in making an investment decision, and should consult their own advisors and evaluate such information in the context of our Restated Consolidated Financial Information and other information relating to our business and operations included in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

26 

# **INTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

# **Risks Related to Our Business** 

**_1. The Offer Price of our Equity Shares, our market capitalization to revenue from operations and total income ratios, our price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio and our enterprise value to EBITDA ratio may not be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

While our market capitalization is subject to the determination of the Offer Price, which will be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholder in consultation with the BRLMs through the Book Building Process, certain ratios vis-à-vis our revenue from operations, total income and EBITDA for the Financial Year 2023 are set out below: 

|**Particulars**|**Ratio vis-à-vis Floor**<br>**Price**<br>**_(In multiples, unless _**|**Ratio vis-à-vis Cap**<br>**Price**<br>**_otherwise specified)_**|
|---|---|---|
|Market capitalization to revenue from operations|[●]|[●]|
|Market capitalizationto total income|[●]|[●]|
|Enterprise value to EBITDA|[●]|[●]|
|Price-to-earningsratio|[●]|[●]|



The Offer Price of our Equity Shares will be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholder in consultation with the BRLMs, and through the Book Building Process. This price is based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” beginning on page 92, and may not be indicative of the market price for our Equity Shares after the Offer. Further, our Offer Price and the multiples and ratios specified above may not be comparable to the market price, market capitalization and price-to-earnings ratios of our peers and would be dependent on the various factors included under “ _Basis of Offer Price_ ” on page 92. 

Accordingly, any valuation exercise undertaken for the purposes of the Offer by our Company and the Selling Shareholder, in consultation with the BRLMs, would not be based on a benchmark with our industry peers. The relevant financial parameters on the basis of which Price Band will be determined, have been disclosed under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 92 and shall be disclosed in the Price Band advertisement. 

The following table sets forth certain ratios vis-à-vis our revenue from operations, total income and EBITDA for the Financial Year 2023 of our Company compared to our listed peers: 

|**Name of entity**<br>|**Market**<br>**capitalization to**<br>**revenue from**<br>**operations**<br>|**Market**<br>**capitalization to**<br>**Total Income**<br>**_(In multiples, unl_**<br>|**Enterprise value**<br>**to EBITDA**<br>**_ess otherwise specifie_**<br>|**Price-to-**<br>**earnings ratio**<br>**_d)_**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|OurCompany|[●]|[●]|[●]|[●]|
|**Listed Peers**|||||
|Divi’sLaboratoriesLimited|9.65|9.24|29.87|54.15|
|Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited|8.97|8.67|21.23|30.08|
|Laurus Labs Limited|2.61|2.61|11.12|23.70|
|ShilpaMedicareLimited|1.89|1.86|28.03|NA*|



_*NA since net profit and EPS is negative._ 

<u>Notes:</u> 

- _Data for listed peers are sourced from the financial statements and other data appearing on the website of the Stock Exchanges._ 

- _Market capitalization and Enterprise value for listed peers are as on March 31, 2023._ 

- _Enterprise value refers to the sum of Market Capitalization and Net Debt (Borrowings – Long term & Short term - Cash and Cash Equivalents - Bank Balances) for the company as on March 31, 2023._ 

- _Revenue from Operations, Total Income and EBITDA are for the Financial Year, 2023._ 

- _P/E Ratio has been computed based on the closing market price of equity shares on NSE on July 25, 2023, divided by the Diluted EPS._ 

The market price of our Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer and may decline below the Offer Price. In addition, the stock market often experiences price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of a particular company. These broad market fluctuations and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of the Equity Shares, 

27 

regardless of our performance. In light of these factors, we cannot assure you that investors will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

**_2. Any delay, interruption or reduction in the supply of our raw materials or the transportation of our raw materials or products may adversely impact the pricing and supply of our products and have an adverse effect on our business._** 

We depend on third-party suppliers for certain of our raw materials. The table below sets out raw material purchases from our top three suppliers and our top ten suppliers, including as a percentage of our total raw material costs, for the years mentioned: 

||**202**|**1**<br>|**For the Fin**<br>**20**|**ancial Year**<br>**22**<br>|**20**|**23**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**_(₹ in_**<br>**_millions)_**|**_% of total_**<br>**_raw_**<br>**_material_**<br>**_costs_**|**_(₹ in_**<br>**_millions)_**|**_% of total_**<br>**_raw_**<br>**_material_**<br>**_costs_**|**_(₹ in_**<br>**_millions)_**|**_% of total_**<br>**_raw_**<br>**_material_**<br>**_costs_**|
|Purchases of raw materials from<br>our three largest suppliers|710.33|52.75%|893.60|60.89%|784.74|49.22%|
|Purchases of raw materials from<br>our ten largest suppliers|1,058.99|78.64%|1,410.60|96.12%|1,298.62|81.45%|



While none of our contracts with suppliers were not renewed or were cancelled in the past three Financial Years, the supply of raw materials from third-party suppliers may be disrupted due to various factors outside of our control, such as disruptions at their manufacturing facilities and the imposition of new governmental regulations and directives. For example, in 2020, the Government of India imposed stringent scrutiny on imports of pharmaceutical raw materials from China, resulting in delays in such shipments at Indian ports. In addition, a significant portion of our raw materials were imported from China. The lockdowns and restrictions in response to the COVID-19 pandemic in China have affected certain deliveries of raw materials from our suppliers to us. These incidents did not have a material impact on our business and operations as we had sufficient stocks of the requisite raw materials at the relevant times. In the past three Financial Years, we have not experienced any material disruptions or reductions in the supply of our raw materials. Further, the global economy has been negatively impacted by the recent conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Governments in the United States, United Kingdom, and European Union have imposed sanctions on certain products, industry sectors, and parties in Russia. The conflict could negatively impact regional and global financial markets and economic conditions, and result in global economic uncertainty and increased costs of various commodities, raw materials, energy and transportation. In addition, recent increases in inflation and interest rates globally, including in India, could adversely affect the prices of raw materials and commodities. 

We are highly dependent on our imports of raw materials from China. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to obtain these raw materials in the future, at current levels or at all. Disruptions to or restrictions on our supply of raw materials from China may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The table below sets forth the amount of raw materials we imported for the years indicated: 

||**20**|**21**<br>|**For the Fin**<br>**20**|**ancial Year**<br>**22**<br>|**20**|**23**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**_(₹ in_**<br>**_millions)_**|**_% of total_**<br>**_cost of_**<br>**_materials_**<br>**_consumed_**|**_(₹ in_**<br>**_millions)_**|**_% of total_**<br>**_cost of_**<br>**_materials_**<br>**_consumed_**|**_(₹ in_**<br>**_millions)_**|**_% of total_**<br>**_cost of_**<br>**_materials_**<br>**_consumed_**|
|Cost of materials imported|||||||
|From countries other than China|44.90|3.42%|50.55|3.21%|21.86|1.31%|
|From China|655.83|50.00%|658.70|41.89%|534.84|32.01%|
|**Total cost of materials imported**|**700.73**|**53.42%**|**709.25**|**45.10%**|**556.70**|**33.32%**|
|**Cost of materials consumed**|**1,311.68**|**100.00%**|**1,572.57**|**100.00%**|**1,670.71**|**100.00%**|



In addition, we may be unable to monitor the quality, safety and manufacturing processes of the raw materials from third-party suppliers on a continual basis. Also, if raw material demand outstrips supply in the future, our suppliers may prioritize the orders of their other customers, including our competitors. Further, if the 

28 

prices of raw materials increase, we cannot assure you that we will be able to pass on such increases to our customers. We plan to source for alternative suppliers if disruptions in the supply of raw materials occur. In addition, we are able to manufacture certain key starting materials in-house. For details, see “ _Our Business — Description of Our Business — API Business — Production Process — Semi-synthesis_ ” on page 152. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully continue to obtain adequate supplies of our raw materials that meet our quality standards or manufacture key starting materials in-house, at commercially-viable prices, in a timely manner or at all. Disruptions in the supply of raw materials may lead to the slowdown or shut-down of our operations or the under-utilization of our manufacturing facilities, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We also depend on third parties for the transportation of most of our raw materials and delivery of our products. Such transportation could be disrupted, such as by transportation strikes, accidents or natural disasters. Our raw materials or products may be lost, delayed or damaged in transit. If transportation prices increase, we may not be able to pass such increases on to our customers. We cannot assure you that, if such occurrences occur, we will be able to engage alternate transportation providers in a timely manner. Our inability to do so may prevent us from manufacturing or delivering our products in a timely or cost-effective manner and render us in breach of our contractual obligations, adversely affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_3. Any manufacturing or quality control issues may damage our reputation, subject us to regulatory action, and expose us to litigation or other liabilities, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Pharmaceutical companies such as us are required to comply with the regulations and quality standards stipulated by regulatory authorities in India and other jurisdictions. Our manufacturing facilities and products are subject to periodic inspections by these regulatory authorities, and non-compliance with their requirements may result in our manufacturing facilities and products being subject to regulatory action, including a temporary or permanent restriction to market and sell our products in certain markets or result in the withdrawal of a product from certain markets or affect approvals of new products from the respective manufacturing facility. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, none of the observations issued by the USFDA, Central Drugs Standard Control Organisation of India (“ **CDSCO** ”) or other external agencies require us to take any further action. 

For instance, pursuant to the inspection of our API manufacturing facility in Dholka in May 2017, certain observations were noted by the Government of Upper Bavaria of Germany and hence the European Union Good Manufacturing Practice (“ **EUGMP** ”) certificate was not issued to our Company for the Dholka facility. Subsequently, our Company took necessary remedial actions and submitted responses in respect of these observations to the Government of Upper Bavaria of Germany who thereafter re-inspected the Dholka facility in September 2017 and observed no critical or major deficiencies. Accordingly, an EUGMP certificate was issued to our Company for the Dholka facility in October 2021. 

In 2018, the USFDA inspected our formulation manufacturing facility in Valthera and issued one observation via a Form FDA 483. Our Company responded to the same and an establishment inspection report was issued in December 2018 by the USFDA. Similarly, in January 2020, the CDSCO inspected our formulations manufacturing facility in Valthera and issued four observations. Our Company responded to the same and a compliance certificate was issued by CDSCO in July 2020. 

Our Valthera facility has had inspections conducted by, among others, the USFDA and the Pharmacy and Poisons Board (Kenya) in March 2023 and May 2023, respectively. The USFDA has issued an establishment inspection report dated April 28, 2023 without any critical observations, and we await any observations or certification from the Pharmacy and Poisons Board (Kenya). Our Dholka facility has also received an EUGMP certificate on February 15, 2023 from the Government of Upper Bavaria of Germany and a GMP compliance certificate on December 21, 2022 by the Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency, Japan, pursuant to their respective inspections. 

Our Limbasi facility received a WHO GMP certificate on January 2, 2023 by the Joint FDCA, Gujarat and CDSCO, Ahmedabad, pursuant to their inspection. Further, the USFDA has recently completed their inspection at our Limbasi facility, pursuant to which, no form 483 has been issued as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

29 

While we have not experienced any material manufacturing or quality control issues of our products in the past three Financial Years, any such issues may also render us in breach of various quality standards and specifications stipulated in our supply agreements with customers. An inability to comply with these standards and specifications may result in the termination of relevant contracts, in case if we fail to rectify such breach in a given time period as specified in the agreements on the grounds of (a) breach of essential contractual obligations; or (b) issues in respect of quality or fitness of the products. Under the majority of our supply agreements, if our products are found to not have conformed to the applicable standards and specifications, we would bear the expenses of replacing and testing such products. Further, while we have not experienced product recalls in the past, the supply agreements expressly provide for product recalls if any issues relating to regulatory authorities arise, or if we or our distributors or suppliers reasonably believe that there are circumstances necessitating recalls of the relevant product. In addition, we may be subject to product liability claims throughout the shelf life of our products, if they do not comply with regulatory or contractually-specified standards. Although we have not received product liability claims against us in the past, we do not maintain product liability insurance, and we cannot assure you that we will not be subject to product liability claims in the future, or that successful product liability claims will be covered, entirely or in part, by our insurance. In addition, unsuccessful product liability claims could nevertheless require us to incur substantial amounts on litigation and divert management’s attention. Such occurrences could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Manufacturing or quality control issues of our products and the consequent product liability claims or contractual disputes could damage our reputation and affect consumers’ views of our products, adversely affect our goodwill and impair the marketability and brand image of our products. This may lead to a loss of existing business contracts and hamper our ability to enter into additional business contracts in the future. Such occurrences may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_4. A slowdown or shutdown in our manufacturing or research and development operations, all located in Gujarat, India, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We have three manufacturing facilities and two dedicated research and development (“ **R&D** ”) units, which are all located in Gujarat, India. For further details, see “ _Our Business — Description of Our Business — Manufacturing Facilities and Approvals_ ” and “ _Our Business — Description of Our Business — Research and Development_ ” beginning on pages 155 and 156, respectively. For further details of our R&D expenditure (and the amount capitalized) and the new products we launched in the past three Financial Years, see “ _— 16. Our success depends on our ability to develop and commercialize new products in a timely manner. If our research and development efforts do not succeed or the products we commercialize do not perform as expected, this may hinder the introduction of new products, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._ ” on page 37. We depend heavily on our manufacturing and R&D facilities. Our facilities are subject to risks outside our control, such as failure of equipment or industrial accidents, disruption in electrical power or water resources, severe weather conditions, natural disasters, infectious diseases (such as COVID-19), political instability and labor strikes. For further details on the risk of strikes or labor unrest, see _“— 43. Our operations are labor intensive and we may be subject to strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees or those of our suppliers._ ” on page 48. Also, our facilities may be disrupted due to delays in receiving regulatory approvals in the future. In particular, while an USFDA inspection has been completed at our Limbasi facility and we can manufacture and supply products from the Limbasi facility as well, we mainly depend on the Dholka facility for the manufacturing of APIs. Any of the foregoing could cause delays in our operations or require us to shut down the affected manufacturing facility, and we cannot assure you that we would be able to continue production at alternative location. Such shutdown or slowdown could result in us being unable to satisfy our contractual commitments, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, shutdowns or slowdowns of our manufacturing or R&D operations may result from our inability to obtain the equipment and services necessary for our operations in the future. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to obtain such equipment and services on commercially-acceptable terms, in a timely manner, or at all. Such occurrences could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

30 

**_5. We depend on a limited number of customers for a substantial portion of our revenues. Any significant reduction in demand for our products from such customers may adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

We derive, and may continue to derive, a significant portion of our revenue from a limited number of customers. As of March 31, 2023, we had over 200 customers in over 70 countries. The details of contribution by our five and ten largest customers by revenue to our revenue from operations are set out below: 

||**2**|**021**<br>**% of revenue**|**For the Fina**<br>**20**|**ncial Year**<br>**22**<br>**% of revenue**|**20**|**23**<br>**% of revenue**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Amount**|<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Amount**|<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Amount**|<br>**from**<br>**operations**|
|**_API Business_**<br>||**_(₹ in m_**<br>|**_illions, excep_**<br>|**_t for percentag_**<br>|**_es)_**<br>||
|Five largest customers|2,047.40|33.19%|2,480.25|34.79%|2,855.59|33.47%|
|Ten largest customers|2,725.98|44.17%|3,101.90|43.51%|3,742.01|43.86%|
|**_Formulations Business_**<br>|||||||
|Five largest customers|656.66|10.64%|649.05|9.10%|415.00|4.86%|
|Ten largest customers|698.02|11.31%|820.91|11.51%|485.57|5.69%|
|**_Overall_**<br>|||||||
|Five largest customers|2,047.40|33.19%|2,480.25|34.79%|2,855.59|33.47%|
|Ten largest customers|2,725.28|44.17%|3,101.90|43.51%|3,778.11|44.28%|



While we have not experienced any instances of discontinuation of the purchases from our ten largest customers by revenue in the past three Financial Years, our dependence on a limited number of customers may expose us to risks such as significant reductions in demand for our products from them in the future, including due to reasons beyond our control, such as them experiencing adverse market conditions or financial difficulties. Their demand for our products may also decrease in the future due to the deterioration of our relationships with them, potentially due to factors including disagreements or disputes relating to the quality, timeliness of delivery or pricing of our products. In addition, we may be susceptible to pricing pressures from them. For further details, see “ _— 11. Pricing pressure from customers may affect our ability to maintain or increase our product prices and, in turn, our revenue from product sales, gross margin and profitability, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._ ” on page 34. We cannot assure that we will be able to maintain or increase the revenues generated from such customers, or maintain or improve our relationships with them. Also, while we seek to broaden our customer base, we cannot assure you that, in the event of any loss of the business of such customers, we will be able to derive revenues from other customers. Such occurrences may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_6. If we are unable to obtain trademarks and patents for our products or protect such proprietary information, or inadvertently infringe on the patents of others, our business may be adversely affected._** 

We rely on trademarks, patents and non-competition agreements to protect our proprietary intellectual property and secrets. As of June 30, 2023, we filed 128 DMFs for APIs with various regulatory agencies around the world. For a description of DMFs, as well as further details of our intellectual property, see “ _Our Business — Overview_ ” and “ _Our Business — Description of Our Business — Intellectual Property_ ” beginning on pages 140 and 160, respectively. Our non-competition agreements are entered into with certain distributors and in-licensors. We cannot assure you that these agreements will not be breached or that we will have adequate remedies if they are, and that third parties will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or proprietary knowledge. Such occurrences may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our existing patents and trademarks may expire, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to renew them after expiry. As of June 30, 2023, we held 58 trademarks, and 23 pending trademark applications, of which one was accepted, two were objected to, one was under examination, four were withdrawn, five were refused, one was abandoned, one was under rectification, and seven were opposed. If any of our unregistered trademarks or patents are registered in favor of a third party, we may not be able to claim registered ownership of such trademarks or patents, and consequently, we may be unable to seek remedies for infringement of those trademarks or patents by third parties other than relief against passing off by other 

31 

entities. Our inability to obtain or maintain these registrations may adversely affect our competitive position and, in turn, our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, we in-license, from corporations in India, nephrology drugs and anti-infective drugs for critical care. While we have undertaken our due diligence, we cannot assure you that the intellectual property licensed to us by the out-licensor corporations are or will be valid or will not be objected to. The invalidity of the outlicensor’s intellectual property may result in the invalidity of our in-license. We may not be able to manufacture or sell those products that rely on the in-license. Our inability to obtain or maintain these registrations may adversely affect our competitive position and, in turn, our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The pharmaceutical industry that we operate in may experience extensive patent litigation, including relating to purported infringement of innovative products and processes and litigation brought to delay the relevant product’s entry into the market. We have not experienced patent litigation in the past. In addition, as an API manufacturer, patent litigation claims are typically brought against our customers as opposed to directly against us. However, we cannot assure you that we will not face patent litigation claims in the future. The outcomes of patent litigation are difficult to predict, and could result in the awards of significant damages and injunctions that could prevent the manufacture and sale of certain products or require us to pay significant royalties to continue manufacturing and selling such products. This could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_7. We are subject to extensive government regulations, and if we fail to obtain, maintain or renew our statutory and regulatory licenses, permits and approvals required for our business operations, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected._** 

We operate in a highly-regulated industry and various aspects of our operations are subject to extensive laws and regulations in India and internationally. We are required to obtain and maintain certain statutory and regulatory permits and approvals in India and in the international markets where we sell our products. For further details of such permits and approvals, including details of applications made for material approvals that have expired and have not yet been renewed, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” and “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” beginning on pages 163 and 294, respectively. 

For our existing approvals, the relevant regulators may withdraw or amend our approvals if our facilities and products do not pass their audit. Obtaining new approvals and renewal of our expiring approvals are subject to numerous conditions, which we cannot assure you that we will satisfy. We cannot assure you that, in the future, we will successfully obtain new approvals or renew expiring approvals in a timely manner, in accordance with the timing of our business plans, or at all. In particular, an inspection by USFDA has been completed at our Limbasi facility recently, from where we intend to cater to major emerging and regulated markets, subject to receipt of approvals from such regulatory authorities in these markets. See “ _Our Business — Description of Our Business — Manufacturing Facilities and Approvals_ ” on page 155. We cannot assure you that the inspections and approvals will be completed and obtained in a timely manner, or at all, in the future. While we have not failed to receive approvals in the past subsequent to inspections of our manufacturing facilities by regulatory authorities in and outside India, if we fail to receive such approvals in the future, we may be subject to sanctions or fines by such regulatory authorities under applicable laws such as prohibitions on the sale of our drugs in the relevant jurisdiction or penalties for violations, among others. In addition, we need to obtain foreign regulatory approvals before marketing our products in international markets. Such approval processes can be complex and expensive and may take up to several years. Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approvals for a given product in one jurisdiction does not guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain regulatory approvals in other jurisdictions, and a failure or delay in obtaining or maintaining regulatory approval in one jurisdiction may adversely affect the regulatory approval process in other jurisdictions. Further, regulatory authorities in the markets in which we operate may heavily regulate the marketing of our products, potentially limiting the amount of revenue that we may be able to derive from particular products. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain, maintain or renew the approvals necessary for us to manufacture or market our products, in a timely manner or at all. Any such occurrences could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, changes in laws and regulations, which could be unclear or inconsistent in certain markets, may increase our compliance costs. If we fail to fully comply with the laws and regulations applicable to us, we could be subject to civil or criminal actions, as well as penalties such as revocation or suspension of our licenses, permits or approvals. Moreover, in countries where we have limited operating experience, we may 

32 

face greater difficulty complying with a wide variety of local laws. Any inability to comply with changing laws and regulations may lead to penalties and sanctions imposed by the relevant authorities, which could include shutdowns of our operations and the withdrawal or withholding of regulatory approvals, adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_8. Our inability to accurately forecast demand for our products, manage our inventory and utilize our manufacturing capacity optimally may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Our business depends on predicting consumer demand for our products and meeting such demand through managing our inventory and utilizing our manufacturing capacity optimally. As is typical in the pharmaceutical industry, we maintain a reasonable level of inventory of raw materials. As of March 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, our inventories amounted to ₹1,536.08 million, ₹1,951.17 million and ₹2,123.15 million, and our inventory turnover ratio, defined as our cost of goods sold divided by our average inventory, was 0.84 times, 0.94 times and 0.88 times, respectively. While we seek to accurately forecast the demand for our products and plan our production volumes accordingly, if we underestimate demand or have inadequate capacity, we may manufacture fewer quantities of products than required, which could result in the loss of business. We cannot assure you that we will be able to utilize our manufacturing capacity optimally. For instance, the capacity utilization of our formulation manufacturing facility in Valthera during the Financial Years 2021, 2022 and 2023 was 21.31%, 19.89% and 9.92%, primarily due to the time interval between filing for certain regulatory approvals and receiving them, and commencing production thereafter. For details of the historical capacity utilization at each of our manufacturing facilities for the past three years, see “ _Our Business — Description of Our Business — Manufacturing Facilities and Approvals — Production Capacity, Actual Production Volume and Capacity Utilization_ ” beginning on page 156. In addition, our new API manufacturing facility at Limbasi may experience capacity under-utilization in the future. On the other hand, we may overestimate demand or demand from our customers may slow down, resulting in surplus stock that we may not be able to sell prior to their expiry. We cannot assure you that we will be able to accurately forecast demand for our products, manage our inventory, and utilize our manufacturing capacity optimally. Our inability to do so may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_9. We are subject to risks arising from exchange rate fluctuations._** 

Although our reporting currency is Indian Rupees, we transact a significant portion of our business in several other currencies, primarily in US dollars. For the Financial Years 2021, 2022 and 2023, we generated ₹3,642.90 million, ₹3,755.20 million and ₹4,210.34 million, respectively, from exports, representing 59.05%, 52.67% and 49.35%, respectively, of our revenue from operations for the same periods. Additionally, we also procure a significant portion of our raw materials from outside India and, as a result, incur such costs in currencies other than the Indian Rupee, primarily in US dollars. We are therefore exposed to exchange rate fluctuations. During the Financial Years 2021, 2022 and 2023, we had net foreign exchange gain of ₹15.51 million, ₹63.59 million and ₹102.21 million, respectively. While we do not have a hedging policy, we have taken various derivatives to hedge our exposure to certain risks associated with U.S. dollar foreign exchange fluctuations. For further details, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Quantitative and Qualitative Analysis of Market Risks — Foreign currency exchange rate risk_ ” on page 287. However, we do not hedge the foreign exchange fluctuation risks entirely, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to sufficiently hedge against all future foreign exchange fluctuations in the future. Our inability to do so may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_10. If we do not maintain and increase the number of our arrangements for the marketing and distribution of our products, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected._** 

In India, our marketing activities are conducted by our own sales force. Outside of India, we market our formulations through distributors. For further details, see “ _Our Business — Description of Our Business — Customers_ ” on page 157. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain or improve our relationships with distributors. For instance, one of our distributors has terminated our exclusive distribution and supply agreement to the extent of all the products supplied by us pursuant to letters dated August 5, 2022 and December 14, 2022. Furthermore, we were also required to purchase the remaining unsold inventory (except for the products purchased through the last purchase order) which the distributor would have in its inventory as of those dates of termination. Such one-time repurchase of the remaining unsold inventory from such 

33 

distributor (including expenses related to be incurred) amounted to ₹216.37 million for the Financial Year 2023. As of March 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, we received ₹459.63 million, ₹315.17 million and ₹124.55 million from the sale of products to such distributor, constituting 7.45%, 4.42% and 1.46% of our revenue from operations, respectively. We retain some of our distributors on a non-exclusive basis, which potentially allows them to engage with our competitors in the future. We also compete for distributors with other leading pharmaceutical companies that may have more visibility, greater brand recognition and financial resources and a broader product portfolio than us, or provide greater incentives to distributors. As such, we cannot assure you that we will be able to find and engage suitable distributors. Our inability to do so may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We have limited control over the operations of our distributors. In markets where we depend on distributors, we may be subject to risks such as (i) not being able to control the amount and timing of resources that they may devote to marketing, selling or distributing our products, (ii) them selling or distributing our products outside their designated territory, (iii) them making important marketing and other commercial decisions concerning our products without our input, (iii) their financial difficulties, and (iv) significant changes in their business strategies that may adversely affect their willingness or ability to fulfil their obligations to us. While our agreements with them contain provisions prohibiting such activities, we cannot assure you that such events will not occur. Our reliance on, and inability to control, our distributors could lead to disruptions to the marketing, selling or distribution of our products and potentially harm our reputation. Such occurrences may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_11. Pricing pressure from customers may affect our ability to maintain or increase our product prices and, in turn, our revenue from product sales, gross margin and profitability, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We face pricing pressure from customers, which may manifest in various forms, such as through our customers negotiating for discounts in price as the volume of their orders increase. In the United States, we may experience pricing pressure on our formulation business, resulting from customer consolidation and competitive landscape in the United States. In the emerging markets that we sell our products in, our products are sold through distributors, and are also subject to local tender authorities, whose approval and acceptance of the tenders are usually price dependent. In addition, we derive a significant portion of our revenues from a limited number of customers. For further details, see “ _— 5. We depend on a limited number of customers for a substantial portion of our revenues. Any significant reduction in demand for our products from such customers may adversely affect our business and results of operations._ ” on page 31. In light of pricing pressures, we cannot assure you that we will be able to price our contracts with customers on terms or margins favorable to us. In response to pricing pressures, pharmaceutical companies like us would need to reduce operating costs in order to maintain profitability, such as through negotiating for lower prices of raw materials purchased, increasing our manufacturing efficiency and streamlining product designs. For the Financial Years 2021, 2022 and 2023, our net profit ratio was 38.07%, 24.54% and 28.14%, respectively. We cannot assure you that we will be able to avoid and mitigate future pricing pressure from our customers. Our inability to do so may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_12. We have significant working capital requirements. If we experience insufficient cash flows to fund our working capital requirements, there may be an adverse effect on our business, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Our business requires significant working capital, including to finance the purchase of raw materials and the development and manufacturing of products before payment is received from customers. The table below sets forth our working capital days and our trade payables turnover ratio for the years indicated: 

|||**For the Financial Year**||
|---|---|---|---|
||**2021**|**2022**|**2023**|
|WorkingCapital Days<sup>*</sup>|296.65 days|244.46 days|229.25 days|
|Trade Payables Turnover Ratio<sup>**</sup>|2.62 times|3.15 times|2.21 times|
|Notes:||||



_* Working capital (current assets less current liabilities) divided by revenue from operations and multiplied by 365 days. ** Purchases of materials and stock-in-trade divided by average trade payables._ 

Factors including unforeseen delays, cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes and economic conditions could result in increases in our trade receivables and/or write-offs of trade receivables, 

34 

and may also require us to avail short-term borrowings in the future. Continued increases in our working capital requirements may have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Our sources of additional financing, in the event that we need to draw on them to meet our working capital needs, may include the incurrence of debt, the issue of equity or debt securities or a combination of both. If we do incur debt in the future, our interest and debt repayment obligations will increase, which may adversely affect our profitability and cash flows. We may also become subject to restrictive covenants in our financing agreements, which could limit our ability to access cash flows from operations and undertake certain types of transactions. See “— _30. Our inability to meet our obligations, including financial and other covenants under our debt financing arrangements could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._ ” on page 43. Further, any issuance of equity would dilute existing shareholders’ shareholding, our earnings per Equity Share and your interest in our Company. Such occurrences could adversely impact the market price of our Equity Shares, once listed. 

Our ability to obtain financing on favorable terms, if at all, will depend on various factors, including our future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, the amount and terms of our existing indebtedness, general market conditions and market conditions for financing activities. In addition, our cost and availability of funds is dependent on our credit ratings. As of April 10, 2023, our long-term rating of “AA-” with an outlook of “Stable” and a short-term rating of “A1+” for our line of credit were reaffirmed by ICRA Limited. If our credit ratings are downgraded in the future, interest rates for our future borrowings may increase, adversely affecting our ability to borrow and renew maturing debt on competitive terms. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain additional financing in the future on acceptable terms, in a timely manner or at all, to meet our working capital needs. Our inability to do so may adversely affect our expansion plans, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_13. We are currently entitled to certain incentive schemes. Any decrease in or discontinuation in such schemes may affect our results of operations._** 

We are currently entitled to certain incentive schemes. We are one of the companies approved by the Government of India to receive incentives under the Production Linked Incentive (“ **PLI Scheme** ”) to promote domestic manufacturing of critical key starting materials, drug intermediates and APIs in India, by attracting large investments in the pharmaceutical sector and reduce India’s import dependence in critical APIs. The PLI Scheme was launched in July 2020 by the Department of Pharmaceuticals, under Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers. In accordance with Gazette Notification No. 31026/60/2020-Polic-DoP dated March 3, 2021 issued by the Department of Pharmaceuticals, Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers, the tenure of the PLI Scheme is from the Financial Years 2021 to 2029, unless extended. Our eligibility commenced during the Financial Year 2023 and will terminate in the Financial Year 2028, unless extended. The subsidy income (including incentives received under the PLI Scheme) recognized by us for the Financial Years 2021, 2022 and 2023 was ₹1.42 million, ₹54.18 million and ₹242.36 million, respectively. In addition, since 2019, we have been benefiting from Gujarat State Biotechnology Mission (“ **GSBTM** ”), under which we receive (i) capital subsidy of 10% for gross fixed capital investments up to ₹500 million, eligible for ₹50 million and additional 5% incremental gross fixed capital investments over and above ₹500 million; (ii) interest subsidy of 5% for loan amount up to ₹500 million, and 2% over and above loan amount exceeding ₹500 million; (iii) power tariff at ₹1 per unit and electricity duty assistance at 100% for five years; (iv) employment generation incentive through employee’ provident fund contribution being 75% of provident fund contribution in case of male employees and 100% of provident fund contribution in case of female employee; and (v) stamp duty/ registration fee assistance at 100%. GSBTM incentives are subject to certain terms and conditions that include, amongst others: (a) receipt of capital subsidy is subject to submission of supporting documents, bills, and payment receipts for final approval of empowered committee; and (b) interest subsidy, power tariff subsidy and electricity duty, and employee’ provident fund will be reimbursed on quarterly basis on submission of proofs. We cannot assure you that we would continue to be eligible for these or similar schemes. For instance, in the past, we had benefitted from export incentives, such as the MEIS, which was since discontinued from January 1, 2021 pursuant to Notification No. 30/2015-2020 dated September 1, 2020 issued by the Director General of Foreign Trade, Ministry of Commerce and Industry. The discontinuation of the MEIS affected our other operating income during the Financial Years 2021 and 2022. For further details, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Our Results of Operations — Financial Year 2023 compared to Financial Year 2022 — Income_ ”, “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Our Results of Operations — Financial Year 2022 compared to Financial Year 2021 — Income_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Significant Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations and Financial Condition — Statutory Benefits and Incentives_ ” 

35 

on pages 279, 280 and 266, respectively. The reduction or termination of such schemes or non-compliance with their conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

**_14. There are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company._** 

There are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company. The tables below set forth a summary of the litigation involving our Company. 

|**Name of entity**<br>**_Company_**|**Criminal**<br>**proceedings**|**Tax**<br>**proceedings**|**Statutory or**<br>**regulatory**<br>**proceedings**|**Disciplinary**<br>**actions by the**<br>**SEBI or Stock**<br>**Exchanges**<br>**against our**<br>**Promoters**|**Material civil**<br>**litigations**|**Aggregate**<br>**amount**<br>**involved**<sup>**^**</sup><br>**_(_**_₹_**_in_**<br>**_millions)_**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Against<br>our<br>Company|Nil|7|Nil|Nil|Nil|143.10|



Our Company has been involved in matters pertaining to, among others, excise duty and income tax, pursuant to which a penalty has been imposed on our Company. While our Company has filed an appeal against each matter, such proceedings could divert management time and attention, and consume financial resources in their defense or prosecution. For further details of such outstanding legal proceedings, see “ _Summary of the Offer Document — Summary of Outstanding Litigation_ ” and “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on pages 15 and 290, respectively. Further, an adverse outcome in any of these proceedings may affect our reputation, standing and future business, and could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot assure you that any of these proceedings will be decided in favor of our Company. 

**_15. Certain therapeutic areas (i.e. categories of medical treatments for diseases or conditions), contribute to a more significant portion of our total revenue, and our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected if our products in these therapeutic areas do not perform according to the projections of our business plans or if competing products become available and gain wider market acceptance._** 

We offer both APIs and formulations to our customers. APIs are active pharmaceutical ingredients which have effects such as preventing or curing diseases. Formulations refer to drug products that are used by patients, such as tablets, capsules or injections. The following table sets forth a breakdown of our revenues from contracts with customers based on products for the years indicated: 

||||**For the Fina**<br>|**ncial Year**<br>|||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**20**|**21**|**202**|**2**|**20**|**23**|
||**_(₹ in millions)_**|**_% of Total_**|**_(₹ in millions)_**|**_% of Total_**|**_(₹ in millions)_**|**_% of Total_**|
|APIs<sup>(1)</sup>|5,068.78|82.16%|5,749.07|80.64%|7,613.14|89.23%|
|Formulations|1,100.65|17.84%|1,380.26|19.36%|918.54|10.77%|
|**Total**|**6,169.43**|**100.00%**|**7,129.33**|**100.00%**|**8,531.68**|**100.00%**|
|_Note:_|||||||



_(1) In this breakdown, our revenues from contracts with customers derived from APIs includes our revenue from sales of amidase, an enzyme and biocatalyst._ 

We generate a significant proportion of our revenue from operations from our sales of immunosuppressant APIs, which are used in immunosuppressant drugs that are typically used by patients undergoing organ transplants and for the treatment of autoimmune disorders. Further, we have forward integrated our in-house immunosuppressant APIs into our immunosuppressant formulations. Our revenue from sales of immunosuppressant APIs and formulations may decline as a result of increased market acceptance for our competitors’ products instead of ours, breakthroughs in the development of more effective or popular alternative products, regulatory action, pricing pressures or fluctuations in the demand for or supply of our products. In addition, the growth of the immunosuppressant market may decrease in the future. Any failure by us to effectively react to these situations could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For a breakdown of our revenue from operations by geography, see “ _— 18._ 

36 

_Our international operations expose us to complex management, legal, tax and economic risks, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._ ” on page 38. 

**_16. Our success depends on our ability to develop and commercialize new products in a timely manner. If our research and development efforts do not succeed or the products we commercialize do not perform as expected, this may hinder the introduction of new products, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our success depends significantly on our ability to develop and commercialize new APIs and formulations. In the Financial Years 2021, 2022 and 2023, we developed 23, 8 and 12 new products, respectively. For further details of such products, see “ _Our Business — Description of Our Business — Products Launched During the Financial Years 2021, 2022 and 2023_ ” on page 149. Commercialization of new products requires us to successfully develop, test, manufacture and obtain the required regulatory approvals, while complying with applicable regulatory and safety standards. While we have various products in the pipeline, we cannot assure you that our API and formulation development and trials will be successful. The development and commercialization process is time-consuming and costly, with uncertain outcomes. The costs of clinical trials, which may be conducted during our formulation development process, may be higher than anticipated, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain sufficient funding or the necessary materials of requisite quality to conduct the trials. Unsuccessful clinical trials may delay the development of new products. Our newly-developed products may not perform as projected in our business plans, and necessary regulatory approvals may not be obtained in a timely manner, if at all. In particular, we seek to make ANDA filings in the United States. We cannot assure you that such filings will be successful, or that it would not result in litigation which we can successfully defend. Further, it may take an extended period of time for our new products to gain market acceptance, if at all. Any failure in developing and commercializing new products could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We commit substantial effort, funds and other resources towards our R&D activities. As of March 31, 2023, we had two R&D units located in Gujarat, India. For the Financial Years 2021, 2022 and 2023, our R&D expenditure was ₹192.91 million, ₹258.47 million and ₹295.89 million, representing 3.13%, 3.63% and 3.47% of our total revenue from operations, respectively. As of March 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, we also had capital expenditure relating to R&D amounting to ₹13.85 million, ₹13.53 million, and ₹23.12 million, respectively, in respect of certain additions to property, plant and equipment at our facilities, and we did not write-off any R&D costs as of the same dates. As of March 31, 2023, we employed 148 R&D personnel. For further details on our R&D activities and facilities, see “ _Our Business — Description of Our Business — Research and Development_ ” on page 156. We cannot assure you that our R&D activities will yield innovations for our business, or that the costs of our ongoing investments in new product launches and R&D will result in corresponding increases in revenues. During our development process, our competitors may be developing similar or competing products, which may hinder our ability to effectively plan the timing of our product development. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_17. Our inability to successfully implement our business plan, domestic and international expansion plans and growth strategies could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Over the last few years, we have expanded our operations and experienced growth. Between the Financial Years 2021 and 2023, our total revenue from operations grew at a CAGR of 17.60% from ₹6,169.43 million in the Financial Year 2021 to ₹8,531.68 million in the Financial Year 2023. For further details on our current growth strategies, see “ _Our Business — Our Strategies_ ” beginning on page 147. Our continued growth requires us to manage complexities such as those relating to increased headcount and the expansion of our international sales and marketing operations, manufacturing and R&D facilities as well as appropriate systems and controls, and depends on our ability to sustain and grow our market share in the markets in which we sell our products at present and in the future, such as China. This may require significant time and attention from our management, and may place strains on our operational systems and controls. For instance, we may face challenges in growing our R&D team, failing which we may not be able to innovate and grow our product portfolio. We have a manufacturing facility for injectables under construction. See “ _Our Business — Description of Our Business — Manufacturing Facilities and Approvals_ ” on page 155. The construction of new manufacturing facilities is subject to risks such as delays or cost overruns and failures to obtain necessary regulatory approvals. We may not be able to increase our market share in the domestic market due to factors such as increased competition. Additionally, we may be unfamiliar with the new 

37 

international markets that we expand into in the future, and may encounter unanticipated challenges such as difficulties with registering our products or successfully recruiting and training our required on-the-ground sales force. We cannot assure you that we will be able to execute our business plan and growth strategies, and sustain our previous levels of growth. If any of the aforementioned risks were to materialize, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

**_18. Our international operations expose us to complex management, legal, tax and economic risks, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We generate a substantial portion of our total revenue from our international markets, primarily the United States, Europe, Japan and emerging markets in Asia, Africa and Latin America. The following table sets forth a breakdown of our revenue from operations by geography for the years indicated: 

||||**Revenue from**<br>**For the Fina**<br>|**Operations**<br>**ncial Year**<br>|||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**202**<br>|**1**|**202**<br>|**2**|**20**<br>|**3**|
||**_(₹ in_**<br>**_millions)_**|**_% of Total_**|**_(₹ in_**<br>**_millions)_**|**_% of Total_**|**_(₹ in_**<br>**_millions)_**|**_% of Total_**|
|India|2,526.53|40.95%|3,374.13|47.33%|4,321.34|50.65%|
|America|1,597.92|25.90%|1,314.50|18.44%|1,472.51|17.26%|
|Rest of the world|2,044.98|33.15%|2,440.70|34.23%|2,737.83|32.09%|
|**Total**|**6,169.43**|**100.00%**|**7,129.33**|**100.00%**|**8,531.68**|**100.00%**|



As of June 30, 2023, we filed 128 DMFs for APIs. For a description of DMFs, see “ _Our Business — Overview_ ” on page 140. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we had 77 approved products for formulations with various regulatory agencies across the world. Our APIs are provided under a B2B model to pharmaceutical companies globally. For our formulations business as well, we operate through a B2B model across United States and emerging markets under arrangements with distributors in the respective markets. See “ _Our Business — Our Strengths — Diversified global customer base with long-standing relationships with key customers_ ” on page 146. As a result, we are subject to risks related to complying with a wide variety of local laws and restrictions on the import and export of certain intermediates, formulations and technologies, multiple tax and cost structures, and cultural and language factors. 

Additionally, the accounting standards, tax laws and other fiscal regulations in the jurisdictions we operate in are subject to differing interpretations, which may exist within various governmental ministries. We may be less familiar with their interpretations, which may lead to uncertainty and potentially unexpected results. Although we did not have any non-compliance with accounting standards, tax laws and other fiscal regulations in overseas markets which resulted in penalties imposed by or action taken by government or tax authorities, we cannot guarantee that such incidents will not occur in the future, in particular, due to our limited operating history in certain foreign jurisdictions. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our tax liability in the future would not increase. Increases in our tax liability may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, we may face competition in other countries from companies that may have more experience with operations in such countries or with international operations generally. If we do not effectively manage our international operations, it may affect our profitability from such countries, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_19. The COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency, could adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

The global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has been rapidly evolving and public health officials and governmental authorities have responded by taking measures including in India, such as prohibiting people from assembling in large numbers, instituting quarantines, restricting travel, issuing “stay-at-home” orders and restricting the types of businesses that may continue to operate, among many others. On March 14, 2020, India declared COVID-19 as a “notified disaster” for the purposes of the Disaster Management Act, 2005 and imposed a nationwide lockdown beginning on March 25, 2020. However, as our Company was determined to be operating in an essential industry, we were allowed to continue operations during the lockdown, subject to certain adjustments in working patterns. The lockdown lasted until May 31, 2020, and has since been extended periodically by varying degrees by state governments and local administrations. The 

38 

lifting of the lockdowns across various regions has been regulated with limited and progressive relaxations being granted for movement of goods and people in other places and calibrated re-opening of businesses and offices. Since March 2021, due to new strains and subsequent waves of the COVID-19 virus leading to increases in infections, several state governments in India have re-imposed lockdowns, curfews and other restrictions to curb the spread of the virus. Since then, there have been subsequent waves, variants or strains of COVID-19, including a recent “Omicron” wave of COVID-19 from January 2022 to March 2022. We experienced increases in certain expenses in order to comply with the prevailing COVID-19 restrictions. The detection of subsequent waves, variants or strains in India and internationally may lead to further reinstatements of lockdown protocols or other restrictions, which may adversely affect our business operations. 

There remains significant uncertainty regarding the duration and long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as possible future actions by the Government of India, which makes it impossible for us to predict with certainty the impact that COVID-19 will have on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in the future. The COVID-19 pandemic has affected, and may continue to affect, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in a number of ways such as: 

- disruptions and delays to our supply chain due to third-party suppliers and transportation providers being affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and related restrictions, which led to disruptions in our manufacturing processes and delays in the delivery of our products to customers. See “ _— 2. Any delay, interruption or reduction in the supply of our raw materials or the transportation of our raw materials or products may adversely impact the pricing and supply of our products and have an adverse effect on our business_ ” on page 28; 

- increase in certain expenses incurred in complying with the prevailing COVID-19 restrictions, such as purchases of hand sanitizers and masks; and 

- decrease in demand for our products due to the decrease in medical procedures. In particular, during the COVID-19 pandemic, fewer organ transplant operations were carried out in India, reducing the demand for and sales of our immunosuppressant products. 

We have adopted measures to curb the spread of infection in order to protect the health of our employees and ensure business continuity with minimal disruption, and considered internal and external information when finalizing various estimates potentially affected by COVID-19 in relation to the preparation of our financial statements. While the COVID-19 pandemic has not had a material adverse impact on our financial position, the full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency, impacts our business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict or estimate, including the scope, severity, and duration of the pandemic; actions taken by governments, businesses and individuals in response to the pandemic; the effect on customer demand for and ability to pay for our products; the impact on our capital expenditure and product development projects; disruptions or restrictions on our employees’ and suppliers’ ability to work, travel or fulfil their obligations to us; any extended period of remote work arrangements; and strains on our or our customers’ business continuity plans. 

Any intensification of the COVID-19 pandemic or any future outbreak of another highly infectious or contagious disease may adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, as much as COVID-19 adversely affects our business and results of operations, it may also have the effect of exacerbating many of the other risks described in this “ _Risk Factors_ ” section. 

**_20. The pharmaceutical industry in which we operate is highly competitive. If we cannot respond adequately to the competition we expect to face, we will lose market share and our profits will decline, which will adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

The pharmaceutical industry in which we operate is highly competitive. We compete with local companies, multi-national corporations and companies from the rest of the world. In particular, we face competition in our overseas operations. See “ _— 18. Our international operations expose us to complex management, legal, tax and economic risks, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._ ” on page 38. Our competitors may have greater financial, manufacturing, R&D, marketing and other resources, more experience in obtaining regulatory approvals and broader product ranges. Our 

39 

competitors may develop products that are more effective, more popular or cheaper than ours, which may render our products uncompetitive. In addition, we may compete for customers with larger pharmaceutical companies that have in-house API capabilities, which may acquire our existing customers. The entry of new competitors into the pharmaceutical industry may also further dilute our market share and affect our profitability. We cannot assure you that our competitors will not gain significant market share at our expense in the future, particularly in the therapeutic areas in which we are focused. Such occurrences could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_21. Non-compliance with and changes in environmental, health and safety, and labor laws and other applicable regulations may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We are subject to environmental, health and safety, and labor laws. Environmental laws and regulations impose controls on air and water discharge, noise levels, storage handling, employee exposure to hazardous substances and other aspects of our manufacturing operations. Our products and their manufacture, storage and distribution are subject to quality, health and safety laws and regulations. We are also subject to labor laws and regulations, such as minimum wage and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions and work permits. Further, the Government of India is in the process of introducing various laws and regulations with the aim of improving employee welfare, which may impact us and our employees. For details on such regulations and policies, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 163. 

We have incurred and expect to continue incurring costs for compliance with all applicable environmental, health and safety, and labor laws and regulations, which may become more stringent in the future. Non-compliance with such environmental laws and regulations may subject us to regulatory action. We cannot assure you that we will continue to be able to comply with all applicable environmental, health and safety, and labor laws and regulations or the terms and conditions of any consents or permits in the future. Such compliance may result in a curtailment of production or a material increase in the costs of production, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_22. We are subject to the risk of loss due to fire, accidents and other hazards as our R&D and manufacturing processes and materials are highly flammable and hazardous. We are also subject to the risk of other natural calamities or general disruptions affecting our production facilities and distribution chain._** 

We use highly-flammable and hazardous materials, such as mycophenolic acid, in our R&D and manufacturing processes. The improper handling or storage of these materials could result in fire, industrial accidents, injuries to our personnel, property and damage to the environment. Although we try to prevent such hazards by implementing and continuously upgrading industry-acceptable risk management controls at our manufacturing locations, training our personnel, conducting industrial hygiene assessments and employing other safety measures, we cannot assure you that we will not experience fires and other accidents. For instance, in May 2021, we experienced a fire at the godown of the facility of one of our consignment and sales agents, due to an electrical short circuit, which caused damage to our stocks of finished goods of formulations of approximately ₹3.10 million. We recovered ₹2.73 million from our insurers under the relevant insurance claims. In addition, one of our distributors suffered a fire at their facility in September 2022, which resulted in a loss of ₹8.78 million to us. We have filed a claim with our insurers which is pending. While we have not experienced any loss due to fire, accident or other hazards in the past three Financial Years at our facilities, any such incident may result in personal injury or loss of life as well as substantial damage to or destruction of property and equipment. In addition, natural calamities such as floods, earthquakes, rains, inundations and heavy downpours could disrupt our manufacturing and storage facilities. We may be required to temporarily reduce our manufacturing capacity or suspend our operations. Such occurrences may adversely affect our business operations, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, we may be required to incur costs to remedy the damage caused by such incidents, pay fines or other penalties for non-compliance. Such incidents could subject us to litigation and adversely affect our reputation. While we maintain industrial all risk insurance to guard against losses caused by fires, the insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all of our potential losses, see also “ _— 33. Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or adequate to cover our losses or liabilities. If we suffer a large uninsured loss or if we suffer an insured loss that significantly exceeds our insurance coverage, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected._ ” on page 45. If any of the foregoing were to occur, our business operations, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

40 

**_23. We are exposed to counterparty credit risk and any delay in receiving payments or non-receipt of payments may adversely impact our business and results of operations._** 

Our operations involve extending credit to our customers in respect of our product sales, potentially exposing us to counterparty credit risk. The table below sets forth certain information in relation to our trade receivables, doubtful trade receivables and bad debts written off, as of/for the year indicated: 

||**As of / for the**|**year ended M**|**arch 31**|
|---|---|---|---|
||**2021**|**2022**|**2023**|
|Trade Receivables(₹ million)|1,775.17|2,321.74|2,737.58|
|Trade Receivables Turnover Ratio<sup>*</sup>|3.35 times|3.46 times|3.28 times|
|Allowance for doubtful trade receivables(₹ million)|11.27|7.81|8.73|
|Allowance for doubtful trade receivables, as a percentage of trade<br>receivables(%)|0.63%|0.34%|0.32%|
|Bad Debts Written Off(₹ million)|₹4.88 million|Nil|Nil|
|Bad Debts Written Off as apercentage of our trade receivables(%)|0.27%|Nil|Nil|
|Notes:||||
|_* Revenue from operations (excluding other operating revenue) divided by avera_|_ge trade receivables_|||



For details on our trade receivables, see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Information_ ” beginning on page 203. We cannot assure you that we will receive outstanding amounts due to us in a timely manner, in part or at all. We may not be able to accurately assess the creditworthiness of our customers. They may also face financial difficulties in the future, such as limited access to the credit markets or insolvency, which could cause them to delay payment, request modifications to their payment terms, or default on their payment obligations to us, all of which could increase our trade receivables and/or write-offs of trade receivables. In addition, our customers may refuse to pay or delay in paying their outstanding dues based on their opinion that we have not met our corresponding contractual obligations. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows. 

**_24. Our inability to attract or retain companies who are looking to us for in-licensing in the future could adversely affect our market share. If the covenants in our agreements with such companies are onerous or commercially-restrictive, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected._** 

We have entered into four in-licensing agreements to sell and distribute immunosuppressants and anti-infectives as of March 31, 2023. For further details, see “ _Our Business — Description of Our Business — Formulation Business_ ” on page 153. During the Financial Years 2021, 2022 and 2023, we derived ₹153.16 million, ₹84.51 million and ₹155.73 million of our sales of products from such marketing and inlicensing agreements, constituting 2.54%, 1.20% and 1.88% of our total sales of products, respectively. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to enter into new marketing and in-licensing agreements in the future, or that we will be able to attract such companies to enter into these agreements with us for the Indian and international markets. With respect to our in-licensing agreements, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain additional licenses and/or maintain our existing licenses. Additionally, certain of our marketing and in-licensing agreements contain covenants that may be onerous and commercially restrictive in nature, such as covenants that (i) impose penalties for an event of delay in delivery of products, including damages; and (ii) allow the counterparty the right to terminate the agreement in the event of (a) our Company breaching any of its material obligations and not curing such default over a period of time, as specified in the agreement, and (b) our Company becoming bankrupt or insolvent or receivership proceedings being initiated. Violating any of these covenants may result in events of default, which may result in claims against us or termination of the contracts. Such occurrences in the future could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_25. We enter into out-licensing arrangements for the distribution of our products in certain geographies._** 

We enter into out-licensing arrangements with distributors for distribution of our products in certain geographies, which include Mexico, Ecuador and Indonesia. See “ _Our Business — Description of Our Business_ ” on page 149. These out-licensing arrangements are subject to certain risks, such as disruptions in distribution processes, distributors’ unauthorized use of our intellectual property and their non-compliance with applicable approvals. Although we have not experienced any incidents arising out of the out-licensing arrangements that had a material adverse impact on our business, any such occurrences in the future may 

41 

cause losses to us. While such distributors are typically contractually obligated to indemnify us for losses resulting from events attributable to them, such as non-compliance of product specifications, wilful breach of any obligations, representations or warranties, manufacturing defects and legal actions arising out of third-party intellectual property rights in relation to the products manufactured, we cannot assure you that such distributors will have adequate financial resources to meet their indemnity obligations to us, or that the scope of such indemnities will cover the entirety of our losses. In addition, we are typically contractually obligated to indemnify such distributors in the event of product liability claims arising from proven manufacturing defects in our products. Although we have not experienced any failure to renew our outlicensing arrangements, we cannot guarantee that in the future, we will always be able to renew our outlicensing arrangements or find suitable alternatives at terms acceptable to us, in a timely manner, or at all. Such occurrences may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_26. If third parties on whom we rely for clinical trials (including bio-equivalence studies) do not perform their obligations as contractually required or as we expect, or do not comply with the relevant Current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP) or other applicable regulations, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our formulations products._** 

Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the sale of some of our formulation products, we are required to conduct clinical trials, such as bio-equivalence studies, to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our products in humans. For this purpose, we depend on independent clinical investigators, contract research organizations and other third-party service providers to conduct clinical trials and pre-clinical investigations of our new products. We rely on such third parties for execution of our clinical trials. However, we do not control many aspects of their activities, and our reliance on such third parties does not relieve us of our responsibility to comply with the regulations and standards of the USFDA and other regulatory authorities related to good clinical practices. In particular, these third-party service providers must comply with cGMP and other applicable regulations. Any failure to do so could result in warning or deficiency letters from regulatory authorities, which could interfere with or disrupt their ability to complete our studies on time, thereby affecting our product approval process or even forcing a withdrawal of our product which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, if such third parties fail to complete clinical trials on schedule, our product development, approval and commercialization could be delayed or prevented. In the past, we did not experience any incident where non-compliance with the regulations and standards of third-party service providers resulted in enforcement actions of regulatory authorities against us. However, we cannot guarantee that such incidents will not occur in the future. While some of our agreements with contract research organizations and other parties may contain indemnification clauses, we have not claimed any material costs under such agreements from such parties during the Financial Years 2021, 2022 and 2023. 

**_27. Delay or failure in the performance of our contracts may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our agreements with our customers and distributors require us to supply our products in compliance with specific delivery schedules. Under these agreements, we are required to ensure continuous and uninterrupted supply of our products on “first in” and “first out” basis. If we have reasons to believe that we will not be able to supply full quantity of products, we shall promptly notify the other party and thereafter parties will discuss how we will deliver the required products on time. Subsequently, if we are not able to deliver sufficient quantities of the required products within the delivery date specified in purchase order, it shall be deemed to be breach of agreement which would result in breach on our part, which will consequently result in cancellation of the purchase order or termination of the agreement. Under some agreements, a penalty in form of damages may be imposed on our Company in case of delay in delivery. While we have not experienced material delays or failures in the performance of our contracts in the past three Financial Years, we cannot assure you that we will be able to deliver our products on a timely basis, or at all, in the future. Our inability to do so may have the following consequences: (i) cancellation of purchase orders; (ii) breaches of the relevant agreements; and (iii) termination of the relevant agreements by our customers and distributors; and (iv) damage to our reputation. Any of the foregoing may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations. 

42 

**_28. Our success depends on our ability to retain and attract qualified senior management and other key personnel, and if we are not able to retain them or recruit additional qualified personnel, we may be unable to successfully develop our business._** 

Our performance depends largely on the efforts and abilities of our Promoters, members of our Senior Management and other key personnel, which are valuable for our Company’s growth and strategic direction. For further details, see “ _Our Management_ ” on page 178. We employ our management team and other key personnel pursuant to customary employment agreements, which may not provide adequate incentive for them to remain with us in the future or adequately protect us in the event of their departure or otherwise. We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain all of our management team. While we did not experience significant attrition in our management team and key senior management (“ **KSM** ”) personnel during the last three Financial Years, the loss of their services in the future may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business or scientific objectives. We may be unable to locate suitable or qualified replacements, and may incur additional expenses or time to recruit and train their replacements. We do not maintain insurance to insure against the loss of key personnel, and do not have a business succession policy as we believe that we employ a sufficient number of professionals and Key Managerial Personnel who are responsible for the functioning of our business. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business operations and affect our ability to continue to manage and expand our business. 

Competition among pharmaceutical companies for qualified employees is intense. We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain and attract qualified individuals. The table below sets forth certain information in relation to our new employees, employee resignations and attrition rate during the years mentioned: 

||**For th**|**e Financial**|**Year**|
|---|---|---|---|
||**2021**|**2022**|**2023**|
|Number of employees whojoined duringtheyear|372|491|430|
|Number of employees who resigned duringtheyear|152|225|290|
|Attrition Rate for employees(excludingmanagement team and KSMpersonnel)<sup>*</sup>|16.88%|20.74%|24.03%|



|Notes:|
|---|



_* The number of employees (excluding KSM personnel) who left our Company during the relevant year (excluding employees who joined and left within the same year) divided by the average number of our employees (excluding KSM personnel), expressed as a percentage._ 

We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting and retaining employees that our business requires. For the Financial Years 2021, 2022 and 2023, our employee benefits expense was ₹694.69 million, ₹956.94 million and ₹1,102.78 million, respectively, constituting 21.87%, 19.32% and 19.40% of our total expenses, respectively. Further, we cannot assure you that we will be able to attract and retain experienced senior management and key R&D and sales personnel in line with any expansion of our operations. For details in relation to changes in our Key Managerial Personnel, please see “ _Our Management — Changes in the members of our Senior Management and our Key Managerial Personnel in the three immediately preceding years_ ” on page 195. Such occurrences may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_29. The availability of counterfeit drugs, such as drugs passed off by others as our products, could adversely affect our goodwill and results of operations._** 

Entities in India and abroad could pass off their own products as ours, such as through counterfeit or pirated products. This could reduce our market share and adversely affect our goodwill. While we have implemented measures to mitigate counterfeiting, such as tracking-and-tracing through serialization and aggregation and tamper seals or holograms in certain markets, we cannot assure you that we will be able to prevent or mitigate counterfeit drugs passed off as our products. The proliferation of such counterfeit and pirated products, and the time and attention lost to defending claims and complaints about counterfeit products could adversely affect our goodwill, prospects, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_30. Our inability to meet our obligations, including financial and other covenants under our debt financing arrangements could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Our Company has availed a term loan from the State Bank of India that amounted to ₹312.36 million as of March 31, 2023, which was secured by first charge on factory land and building and plant and machinery of our manufacturing facility at Limbasi. In addition, we have availed certain working capital facilities. As of 

43 

March 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, our total borrowings, defined as the aggregate of our non-current borrowings and current borrowings, amounted to ₹863.49 million, ₹605.86 million and ₹312.36 million, respectively. Our financing agreements generally include various conditions and covenants that require us to obtain consents from our lenders prior to carrying out certain activities and entering into certain transactions, including (i) formulating any scheme of merger, amalgamation or buyback; (ii) amending the constitutional documents of our Company; (iii) any change in Company’s capital structure or making any drastic change in our Company’s ownership/control or management; (iv) to dispose its assets other than those as permitted by the bank in writing; (v) winding up or liquidating our Company; and (vi) disposing of assets of our Company other than those as permitted by lenders. For details on our outstanding indebtedness, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 259. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to comply with the covenants and obligations under our financing arrangements in the future or obtain waivers thereof, including repayments of outstanding amounts when due. Breaches of our financing arrangements in the future may result in the termination of the relevant working capital facilities, obligate us to immediately repay our borrowings under such facilities and the enforcement of security we provided. Certain of our unsecured loans can be recalled by our lenders at any time. If such lenders exercise their right to recall the said loans, we may need to find alternative sources of financing, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all which accordingly could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business and financial position. If our future cash flows from operations and other capital resources are insufficient to pay our debt obligations or our contractual obligations, or to fund our other liquidity needs, it may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We may be required to sell assets or attempt to restructure or refinance our existing indebtedness, which could be at higher interest rates and on more onerous terms. Further, while we are in default, we may be unable to raise further financing from the existing or future lenders. Any of these circumstances or other consequences could adversely affect our business, credit ratings, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, any such action initiated by our lenders could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_31. We currently rely extensively on our systems including information technology systems and products processing/quality assurance systems and their failure could adversely affect our manufacturing operations._** 

We rely extensively on the capacity and reliability of the information technology systems, processing and quality assurance systems that support our operations. For further details, see “ _Our Business — Description of Our Business — Information Technology_ ” on page 160. Although we have not experienced a major disruption in our manufacturing operations due to failure of such systems to date, we cannot assure you that we will not encounter disruptions in the future. We maintain policies for data back up and disaster recovery. For further details, see “ _Our Business — Description of Our Business — Information Technology_ ” on page 160. Nonetheless, such disruptions may result in the loss of key information and disruption of production and business processes. In addition, our systems are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches, whether by employees or external parties, that may expose sensitive business data and the personal information of our employees, customers and others to unauthorized persons, and expose our trade secrets or other intellectual property. While we have implemented various protection measures such as access controls, we cannot assure you that such measures will be adequate to protect against all security breaches. Although we have not experienced data security breaches in the past, any such breaches in the future could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_32. Changes in technology may render our current technologies obsolete or require us to make substantial capital investments._** 

The industry in which we operate is continually changing due to technological advances, scientific discoveries and novel chemical processes, with frequent introduction of new and enhanced products and significant price competition. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully keep up with technological improvements in order to remain competitive and meet our customers’ needs in a timely and cost-effective manner. The cost of implementing new technologies for our operations could be significant, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

44 

**_33. Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or adequate to cover our losses or liabilities. If we suffer a large uninsured loss or if we suffer an insured loss that significantly exceeds our insurance coverage, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

Our principal types of insurance coverage include insurance for industrial all risk, erection all risk, fire, public liability, vehicles, money, boiler and directors’ and officers’ liability. As of March 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, our insurance coverage amounted to ₹10,856.78 million, ₹11,440.68 million and ₹11,932.99 million, which covered 138.54%, 126.98% and 120.33% of our total tangible assets and inventories, respectively, as of the same dates. While we maintain insurance coverage in amounts that we believe are consistent with the norms of the industry in which we operate and would be adequate to cover the normal risks associated with the operation of our business, such as fire, accidents and other hazards and damage to manufacturing equipment and facilities, our insurance policies do not cover all risks and are subject to exclusions and deductibles. In particular, our manufacturing facilities could suffer damage from equipment failure, industrial accidents, fire and other hazards. For further details, see “ _—22. We are subject to the risk of loss due to fire, accidents and other hazards as our R&D and manufacturing processes and materials are highly flammable and hazardous. We are also subject to the risk of other natural calamities or general disruptions affecting our production facilities and distribution chain._ ” on page 40. While we have not suffered any such losses apart from the incident of fire as disclosed in “ _—22. We are subject to the risk of loss due to fire, accidents and other hazards as our R&D and manufacturing processes and materials are highly flammable and hazardous. We are also subject to the risk of other natural calamities or general disruptions affecting our production facilities and distribution chain._ ” on page 40, our insurance may not be sufficient or adequate to cover losses arising from such incidents. Further, the pharmaceutical industry that we operate in is highly-regulated in terms of environmental and pollution regulations, and we may suffer losses due to non-compliance in the future. For further details, see “ _— 21. Non-compliance with and changes in environmental, health and safety, and labor laws and other applicable regulations may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._ ” on page 40. We do not maintain insurance in respect of such losses, although we maintain public liability insurance. In addition, we may not have insurance or may not have vendor extension covers from our distributors’ insurance policies in the countries into which we export our products. Although we have not experienced any incident where a claim under our insurance policies was not honored at all, and have not suffered losses that exceeded our insurance coverage in the past, we cannot assure you that losses suffered by us in the future will not exceed our insurance coverage, or subsequently result in insurance coverage becoming prohibitively expensive or unobtainable. If such events occur, the losses would likely have to be borne by us, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We need to renew our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business. In addition, from time to time, the pharmaceutical industry has experienced difficulty in obtaining desired product liability insurance coverage. Although we have not experienced any failure to renew or obtain insurance coverage in the past, we cannot assure you that, in the future, we will be able to renew or obtain insurance coverage in a timely manner, at acceptable costs or at all. Any such inability may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_34. We have in the past entered into related-party transactions and may continue to do so in the future._** 

We have entered into certain transactions with related parties and are likely to continue to do so in the future. Such transactions primarily relate to sale of products, dividends paid to our Shareholders, payment of remuneration, professional fees, sitting fees and rent to our related parties. These transactions were carried out at arms’ length price and were not prejudicial to our interests. For details on our related-party transactions, see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Information — Notes to the Restated Consolidated Financial Information — Note 39: Related party transactions_ ” on page 249. Although all the related-party transactions that we have entered into in the Financial Years 2021, 2022 and 2023 have been undertaken at arm’s length basis and were not prejudicial to our interests, we may enter into related-party transactions in the future which will be subject to approval by our Audit Committee, Board or shareholders, as required under the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI Listing Regulations, we cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations or that we could not have achieved more favorable terms if such transactions had not been entered into with related parties. Such related-party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest which may be detrimental to the interest of our Company and we cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will always be in the best interests of our minority shareholders and will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

45 

**_35. We will be controlled by our Promoters so long as they hold a majority of the Equity Shares, which will allow them to influence the outcome of certain matters submitted for approval of our Shareholders and their interests may differ from those of the other Shareholders._** 

As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters hold 29.40% of our issued and paid-up Equity Share capital, on a fully-diluted basis. After the completion of this Offer, our Promoters will continue to hold 29.40% of our Company’s outstanding Equity Shares issued and paid up Equity Share capital, on a fully-diluted basis. For details of their pre- and post-Offer shareholding, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 74. 

Consequently, our Promoters will, after completion of the Offer and upon listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges, continue to exercise significant influence over us, nominate Directors on the Board (subject to compliance with Regulation 31B of the SEBI Listing Regulations) and influence decisions requiring simple or special majority voting, and our other Shareholders may be unable to affect the outcome of such voting. 

Our Promoters may, in the future, take or block actions with respect to our business which may conflict with our best interests or the interests of other minority shareholders, such as actions with respect to future capital raising. In addition, our Promoters could delay, defer or cause a change of our control or a change in our capital structure, a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us or discourage or encourage a potential acquirer from acquiring us. We cannot assure you that our Promoters will always act to resolve any future conflicts of interest in our favor, thereby adversely affecting our business, results of operations and prospects. 

**_36. Our Directors and key management personnel may have interests in our Company in addition to reimbursement of expenses incurred and receipt of remuneration from our Company._** 

Our Directors, members of our Senior Management and Key Managerial Personnel may be deemed to be interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses, to the extent of their respective shareholding in our Company and as well as to the extent of any dividends, bonuses or other distributions on the Equity Shares held by them respectively. For details on the interests of our Directors, members of our Senior Management and Key Managerial Personnel, other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or normal remuneration or benefits, see _“Capital Structure_ ”, “ _Our Management — Interests of Directors” and “Our Management — Interests of the members of our Senior Management and our Key Managerial Personnel”_ on pages 74, 185 and 195, respectively. 

**_37. Information relating to the manufacturing capacity, actual production and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates and future production and capacity may vary._** 

Information relating to the manufacturing capacity, actual production and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus, including in “ _Our Business — Description of Our Business — Manufacturing Facilities And Approvals — Production Capacity, Production Volumes and Capacity Utilization_ ” beginning on page 156, are based on various assumptions and estimates of our management that have been taken into account by an independent chartered engineer in the calculation of the installed manufacturing capacity, actual production and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities. For further details on the independent chartered engineer, see “ _General Information — Experts to the Offer_ ” on page 70. Actual production levels and rates may differ significantly from the installed capacity information of our facilities or historical installed capacity information of our facilities depending on the product type. Undue reliance should therefore not be placed on our historical installed capacity information for our existing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_38. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

We have declared dividend in the past. For further information, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 202. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. The declaration and payment of dividends will be recommended by the Board of Directors and approved by the 

46 

Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act, 2013. We may retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of the business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. Accordingly, realization of a gain on Shareholders’ investments will depend on the appreciation of the price of the Equity Shares. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will appreciate in value. 

# **_39. We do not own our Corporate Office and our warehouses._** 

We do not own our Corporate Office premises situated at 16th Floor, B-Wing, Mondeal Heights, Iscon Cross Road, S.G. Highway, Ahmedabad – 380015, Gujarat, India, and our warehouses are occupied by us on a leasehold basis. The premises for our Corporate Office have been leased for a duration of three years from April 1, 2023, and our warehouses have been leased for a duration of five years from January 17, 2019, June 1, 2019 and June 1, 2021, respectively. For further details, see “ _Our Business — Description of Our Business — Immovable Properties_ ” on page 160. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to renew our leases in the future, on commercially acceptable terms or at all. We also cannot assure you that, if required to vacate our current premises, we would be able to obtain alternative arrangements for new offices and other infrastructure, on commercially acceptable terms. Relocation of our business operations may disrupt our operations and entail substantial costs, which could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. Further, the lease deeds for our properties may not be adequately registered or stamped and consequently, may not be accepted as evidence in a court of law and we may be required to pay penalties for inadequate stamp duty or registration. 

# **_40. We have contingent liabilities and capital commitments. Our financial condition could be adversely affected if any of these contingent liabilities or capital commitments materialize._** 

As of March 31, 2023, we had disclosed the following restated consolidated contingent liabilities (that had not been provided for) amounting to <mark>₹143.10 million</mark> in our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements as per Ind AS 37: 

|**Nature of Contingent liabilities**|**As of March 31, 2023**<br>**(****_₹ in millions)_**|
|---|---|
|**Claims against the Company / disputed liabilities not acknowledged as debts:**||
|Disputed demand of excise dutyfor which an appeal has beenpreferred|37.64|
|Disputed demand of income tax in which the Company has preferred an appeal or filed for<br>rectification with the Income Tax Department|105.46|
|**_Commitments_**||
|Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and not provided<br>for in respect of the tangible assets(net of advances)|122.84|



We cannot assure you that we will not incur similar or increased levels of contingent liabilities in the future. If any of these contingent liabilities materialize, our financial condition and results of operation may be adversely affected. For further details on our contingent liabilities, see also “ _Summary of the Offer Document”_ and “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Information — Notes to the Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Note 34(b): Contingent liabilities_ ” on page 240. 

In respect of our capital commitments, our estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and not provided for in respect of the tangible assets (net of advances), as disclosed in our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements, was ₹122.84 million, as of March 31, 2023. See “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Information — Notes to the Restated Consolidated Financial Information — Note 34(a): Commitments and Contingencies_ ” on page 240. 

47 

**_41. This Red Herring Prospectus contains information from third parties, including an industry report prepared by an independent third–party research agency, Frost & Sullivan (India) Private Limited which we have commissioned and paid for purposes of confirming our understanding of the industry exclusively in connection with the Offer._** 

The industry and market information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus includes information that is derived from the F&S Report dated June 30, 2023 (the “ **F&S Report** ”, prepared by an independent third– party research agency, Frost & Sullivan (India) Private Limited, which has been paid for by us. We engaged F&S on May 2, 2022. The F&S Report has been commissioned and paid for by us for the purposes of confirming our understanding of the industry exclusively in connection with the Offer. The report uses certain methodologies for market sizing and forecasting, and may include numbers relating to our Company that differ from those we record internally. Given the scope and extent of the F&S Report, disclosures herein are limited to certain excerpts and the F&S Report has not been reproduced in its entirety in this Red Herring Prospectus. There are no parts, data or information (which may be relevant for the Offer), that have been left out or changed in any manner. Neither our Company, the Selling Shareholder or the BRLMs are related to F&S. Accordingly, investors should read the industry–related disclosure in this Red Herring Prospectus in this context. 

Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts, other third– party sources and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. Due to possibly flawed or ineffective collection methods or discrepancies between published information and market practice and other problems, the statistics herein may be inaccurate or may not be comparable to statistics produced for other economies and should not be unduly relied upon. Further, we cannot assure you that they are stated or compiled on the same basis or with the same degree of accuracy as may be the case elsewhere. Statements from third parties that involve estimates are subject to change, and actual amounts may differ materially from those included in this Red Herring Prospectus. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on this information. 

**_42. Fluctuations in the market value of our investments could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition._** 

Fluctuations in the market values of our investments could cause us to write down the value of our assets, affect our liquidity and reduce our ability to enforce our security, which could adversely affect our result of operations and financial condition. We cannot assure you that we will be able to accurately identify changes in the value of our investments caused by changes in market prices, and our assessments, assumptions or estimates may prove inaccurate or not predictive of actual results. 

**_43. Our operations are labor intensive and we may be subject to strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees or those of our suppliers._** 

Our operations are labor intensive and we are dependent on a large labor force for our manufacturing operations. As of March 31, 2023, we employed a total of 1,234 permanent employees. The success of our operations depends on availability of labor and maintaining good relationship with our workforce. Shortage of skilled/ unskilled personnel or work stoppages caused by disagreements with employees could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Although we have not experienced any strikes or labor unrest, work stoppages or increased wage demands in the past three Financial Years, we cannot assure you that we will not experience labor disputes or strikes in the future. Such disputes or strikes could hinder our normal operating activities and could disrupt our operations, which in turn could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Furthermore, we engage independent contractors through whom we engage contract labor for performance of certain functions at our manufacturing units as well as at our offices. Although we do not engage these laborers directly, we are responsible for any wage payments to be made to such laborers in the event of default by such independent contractors. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and our financial condition. 

India has stringent labor legislation that protects the interests of workers, including legislation that sets forth detailed procedures for the establishment of unions, dispute resolution and employee removal and legislation that imposes certain financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment. We are also subject to laws and 

48 

regulations governing relationships with employees, in such areas as minimum wage and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and terminating of employees and work permits. Further, the Government of India is in the process of introducing various laws and regulations with the aim of improving employee welfare, which may impact us and our employees. 

**_44. Certain non–GAAP measures and other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. These non–GAAP measures are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by Ind AS and may not be comparable with those presented by other companies._** 

Certain non–GAAP measures and other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance such as EBITDA, EBITDA margin, ROCE, ROE, cash conversion ratio, and Net Asset Value per Equity Share have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. We compute and disclose such non– GAAP measures and other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance as we consider such information to be useful measures of our business and financial performance. However, such information may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to financial measures and statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other companies and are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by Ind AS. 

# **EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

# **Risks Related to Our Industry** 

**_45. Compulsory licensing by the Indian Patent Office or by the patent offices in those jurisdictions where we distribute our products could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Compulsory licensing refers to when a government allows another manufacturing company to produce the patented product or process without the consent of the patent owner. Our ability to enforce our patents depends on the laws of individual countries and each country’s practice with respect to enforcement of intellectual property rights, and the extent to which certain jurisdictions may seek to engage in a policy of routine compulsory licensing of pharmaceutical intellectual property as a result of local political pressure or in the case of national emergencies. In India, the Patent Act of 1970 provides for compulsory licensing in certain circumstances, such as the non–availability of the patented product to the public at affordable prices or inadequate working of the patented product. If the authorities in India or in other jurisdictions grant compulsory licensing for any of the pharmaceutical products we sell, this may result in an increase in generic competition and, in turn, a significant and rapid reduction in net sales for such products as generic versions are generally offered at sharply lower prices. As a result, the grant of a compulsory license may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_46. We are exposed to government price controls that may change from time to time. Such changes, and the uncertainty thereof, may reduce the pricing of and demand for our products, affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

In addition to normal price competition, the prices of certain of our products are or may be restricted by price controls imposed by governments and healthcare providers in India, or in other countries to which we export our products. Price controls can operate differently across countries and can cause wide variations in prices between markets. The existence of price controls may limit the revenue we earn from certain of our products. 

For example, in India, prices of certain pharmaceutical products are determined by the Drug Prices Control Order, 2013 (the “ **DPCO 2013** ”), promulgated by the Government of India. The DPCO 2013 prescribes, among other things, the ceiling price of scheduled formulations, the retail price of a new drug for existing manufacturers of scheduled formulations and the maximum retail price of scheduled formulations. Under the DPCO 2013, the Central Government may issue directions to the manufacturers of APIs or bulk drugs and formulations to increase production, or sell such APIs or bulk drugs to formulations manufacturers and direct such manufacturers to sell the formulations to institutions, hospitals or agencies. Under the DPCO 2013, the price of scheduled drugs is determined on the basis of the average market price of the relevant drug. Such average price is arrived at by considering the prices charged by all companies that have a market 

49 

share of at least 1.0% of the total market turnover on the basis of the moving annual turnover of the drug. The DPCO 2013 also regulates the margins at which products can be offered through trade channels, including retailers. 

Further, the National Pharmaceuticals Pricing Policy, 2012 sets out the principles for pricing essential drugs as specified in the National List of Essential Medicines – 2011 (“ **NLEM** ”), to ensure the availability of such medicines at reasonable prices. The National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (the “ **NPPA** ”) may also notify the ceiling price for additional formulations under the DPCO 2013 or some or all of the remaining formulations listed in the NLEM. Some of our products are covered in the notification and will be subject to the fixed ceiling prices notified, such as our Mofecon 500 mg tablets, Tacrocord 1.0 mg capsules and Gammacord 100ml IV. For the Financial Years 2021, 2022 and 2023, we derived ₹113.24 million, ₹199.82 million and ₹220.48 million of our sales from our products that were notified in the NLEM, constituting 34.03%, 35.71% and 35.65% of our total formulation sales in India, respectively. If more of our products become regulated by the DPCO or the NPPA or other similar authorities outside India in the future, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Further, any future changes in prices of any of our products due to the changes in government price controls and other related laws and regulations are uncertain and cannot be anticipated, and may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **Risks Related to India** 

**_47. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

The Indian economy and capital markets are influenced by economic, political and market conditions in India and globally. We currently manufacture only in India and, as a result, are dependent on prevailing economic conditions in India. Our results of operations are significantly affected by factors influencing the Indian economy. Factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy, and hence our results of operations, may include: 

- the macroeconomic climate, including any increase in Indian interest rates or inflation; 

- any exchange rate fluctuations, the imposition of currency controls and restrictions on the right to convert or repatriate currency or export assets; 

- any scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing for our expansions; 

- prevailing income conditions among Indian consumers and Indian corporates; 

- volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; 

- changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies; 

- political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighboring countries; 

- occurrence of natural or man–made disasters (such as hurricanes, typhoons, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis and fires) which may cause us to suspend our operations; 

- civil unrest, acts of violence, terrorist attacks, regional conflicts or situations or war may adversely affect the Indian markets as well as result in a loss of business confidence in Indian companies; 

- epidemics, pandemics or any other public health concerns in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighboring countries, such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID–19 pandemic; 

50 

- prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; 

- any downgrading of India’s debt rating by a domestic or international rating agency; 

- international business practices that may conflict with other customs or legal requirements to which we are subject, including anti–bribery and anti–corruption laws; 

- protectionist and other adverse public policies, including local content requirements, import/export tariffs, increased regulations or capital investment requirements; 

- logistical and communications challenges; 

- financial instability in financial markets; 

- difficulty in developing any necessary partnerships with local businesses on commercially acceptable terms or on a timely basis; 

- being subject to the jurisdiction of foreign courts, including uncertainty of judicial processes and difficulty enforcing contractual agreements or judgments in foreign legal systems or incurring additional costs to do so; and 

- other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India or its construction sector. 

Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, and the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_48. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of corporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes, including the instances mentioned below, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. 

For instance, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Government of India also passed the Taxation and Other Laws (Relaxation of Certain Provisions) Act, 2020, implementing relaxations from certain requirements under, among others, the Central Goods and Service Tax Act, 2017 and Customs Tariff Act, 1975. Further, the Government of India has notified the Finance Act, 2023, which has introduced various amendments. 

The Government of India has also proposed an alteration to the concessional basic customs duty rate on drugs, medicines, diagnostic kits or equipment and bulk drugs used in the manufacture of drugs and specified goods for use in the pharmaceutical and bio-technology sectors imported for use in research and development. In respect of goods and services tax (“ **GST** ”), the Government of India has restricted the availability of input tax credit in certain circumstances, such as where a vendor has been non-compliant with furnishing details of supply made to us or discharging GST. Further, the Finance Act, 2023 has proposed to consider perquisites or benefits arising from business whether convertible into money or not or payable in cash or kind, as taxable income. Such changes may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

We have not fully determined the impact of these recent and proposed laws and regulations on our business. We cannot predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Act 2023 would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Unfavorable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may 

51 

be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

Our Company cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_49. We may be affected by competition law in India and any adverse application or interpretation of the Competition Act could in turn adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, as amended (the “ **Competition Act** ”) was enacted for the purpose of preventing practices that have or are likely to have an adverse effect on competition (“ **AAEC** ”) in certain markets in India and has mandated the Competition Commission of India (the “ **CCI** ”) to separate such practices. Under the Competition Act, any arrangement, understanding or action, whether formal or informal, which causes or is likely to cause an AAEC is deemed void and attracts substantial penalties. 

Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, or shares the market by way of geographical area or number of customers in the relevant market is presumed to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India and shall be void. Further, the Competition Act prohibits abuse of dominant position by any enterprise. If it is proved that the contravention committed by a company took place with the consent or connivance or is attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other officer of such company, that person shall be guilty of the contravention and liable to be punished. 

If we pursue acquisitions in the future, we may be affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI, or any prohibition or substantial penalties levied under the Competition Act, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

**_50. Any downgrading of India’s debt rating by an international rating agency could have a negative impact on our business._** 

India’s sovereign debt rating could be downgraded due to several factors, including changes in tax or fiscal policy or a decline in India s foreign exchange reserves, all which are outside the control of our Company. Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional external financing, and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing is available. This could have an adverse effect on our business and future financial performance, our ability to obtain financing for capital expenditures and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

**_51. Current economic conditions may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The global economy is currently undergoing a period of unprecedented volatility, and the future economic environment may continue to be less favorable than that of recent years. For example, the recent action of Russian military forces and support personnel in Ukraine has escalated tensions between Russia and the United States, NATO, the European Union and the United Kingdom. Actions by Russia, and sanctions and other measures taken by the U.S. or its allies, could negatively impact regional and global financial markets and economic conditions, and result in global economic uncertainty and increased costs of various commodities. We are exposed to many different industries and companies, including our counterparties under our various manufacturing, sale and distribution agreements, co–branding, raw materials supply and other agreements, any of which may be or become unstable in the current economic environment, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_52. If the rate of Indian price inflation increases, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue. In recent years, India has experienced consistently high inflation, which has increased the price of, among other things, our 

52 

rent, raw materials and wages. If this trend continues, we may be unable to accurately estimate or control our costs of production and this could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our clients, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. If we are unable to increase our revenues sufficiently to offset our increased costs due to inflation, it could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, the Government of India has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. We cannot assure you that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

**_53. Significant differences exist between the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) used to prepare our financial information and other accounting principles, such as the United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (U.S. GAAP) and the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), which may affect investors’ assessments of our Company’s financial condition._** 

Our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Years 2021, 2022 and 2023 included in this Red Herring Prospectus are presented in conformity with Ind AS, in each case restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note on “Reports in Company Prospectus (Revised 2019)” issued by the ICAI. Ind AS differs from accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar, such as Indian GAAP, IFRS and U.S. GAAP. 

We have not attempted to explain in a qualitative manner the impact of the IFRS or U.S. GAAP on the financial information included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial information to those of U.S. GAAP or IFRS. U.S. GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS and Indian GAAP, which may differ from accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. Accordingly, the degree to which the financial information included in this Red Herring Prospectus, which are restated as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations included in this Red Herring Prospectus, will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices, Ind AS, the Companies Act and the SEBI Regulations. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices, Ind AS, the Companies Act and the SEBI Regulations, on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited. 

**_54. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, the transfer of shares between non–residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to compliance with sectoral norms and certain other restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Further, unless specifically restricted, foreign investment is freely permitted in all sectors of the Indian economy up to any extent and without any prior approvals, but the foreign investor is required to follow certain prescribed procedures for making such investment. The RBI and the concerned ministries/departments are responsible for granting approval for foreign investment. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no–objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. We cannot assure you that any necessary approvals from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms, or at all. 

In addition, pursuant to the Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the DPIIT, which has been incorporated as the proviso to Rule 6(a) of the FEMA Rules, investments where the beneficial owner of the equity shares is situated in or is a citizen of a country which shares a land border with India, can only be made through the Government approval route, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy dated October 15, 2020 and the FEMA Rules. These investment restrictions shall also apply to subscribers of offshore derivative instruments. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or conditions or at all. For further information, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 347. 

53 

# **_55. Our ability to raise foreign capital may be constrained by Indian law._** 

As an Indian company, we are subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies. Such regulatory restrictions limit our financing sources and could constrain our ability to obtain financings on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, we cannot assure you that any required regulatory approvals for borrowing in foreign currencies will be granted to us without onerous conditions, or at all. Limitations on foreign debt may have an adverse effect on our business growth, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_56. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be different from laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. 

# **_57. Investors may have difficulty in enforcing foreign judgments against our Company or our management._** 

Our Company is a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of India. All of our directors and executive officers are residents of India. Many of our Company’s assets are located in India. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process upon us or such persons in India or to enforce judgments obtained against our Company or such parties outside India. 

India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions, including the United Kingdom, Singapore, UAE, and Hong Kong. A judgment from certain specified courts located in a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908, as amended (“ **Civil Procedure Code** ”). The United States has not been notified as a reciprocating territory. 

In order to be enforceable, a judgment obtained in a jurisdiction which India recognizes as a reciprocating territory must meet certain requirements of the Civil Procedure Code. Section 13 of the Civil Procedure Code provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated on except (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case, (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable, (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice, (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. Under the Civil Procedure Code, a court in India shall, on the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgment, presume that the judgment was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record; such presumption may be displaced by proving want of jurisdiction. The Civil Procedure Code only permits the enforcement of monetary decrees, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, or other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalty and does not provide for the enforcement of arbitration awards even if such awards are enforceable as a decree or judgment. A foreign judgment rendered by a superior court (as defined under the Civil Procedure Code) in any jurisdiction outside India which the Government of India has by notification declared to be a reciprocating territory, may be enforced in India by proceedings in execution as if the judgment had been rendered by a competent court in India. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non–reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non–reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. 

However, the party in whose favor such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the United States or other such jurisdiction within three years of obtaining such final judgment. It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Moreover, it is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages to the extent awarded in a final judgment rendered outside India if it believes 

54 

that the amount of damages awarded were excessive or inconsistent with public policy in Indian. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain the prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered, and we cannot assure that such approval will be forthcoming within a reasonable period of time, or at all, or that conditions of such approvals would be acceptable. Such amount may also be subject to income tax in accordance with applicable law. 

Consequently, it may not be possible to enforce in an Indian court any judgment obtained in a foreign court, or effect service of process outside of India, against Indian companies, entities, their directors and executive officers and any other parties resident in India. Additionally, there is no assurance that a suit brought in an Indian court in relation to a foreign judgment will be disposed of in a timely manner. 

# **Risks Related to the Offer** 

**_58. Our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer. The proceeds from the Offer shall be received directly by the Selling Shareholder._** 

The Offer is an Offer for Sale by the Selling Shareholder. The proceeds from the Offer will be paid directly to the Selling Shareholder. We will not receive any of the proceeds from the Offer and will accordingly not have access to such funds. 

**_59. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Offer, our Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for our Equity Shares may not develop._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market for our Equity Shares may not develop. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for our Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for our Equity Shares. The Offer Price of our Equity Shares will be determined through a book–building process and may not be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of our Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of our Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors: 

- quarterly variations in our results of operations; 

- results of operations that vary from the expectations of research analysts and investors; 

- results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 

- changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by research analysts and investors; 

- conditions in financial markets, including those outside India; 

- a change in research analysts’ recommendations; 

- announcements by us or our competitors of new products, significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments; 

- announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us; 

- new laws and governmental regulations or changes in laws and governmental regulations applicable to our industry; 

- additions or departures of Key Management Personnel; and 

- general economic and stock market conditions. 

55 

   - Changes in relation to any of the factors listed above could affect the price of our Equity Shares. 

**_60. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the NSE and BSE. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Equity Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

**_61. Any sale of Equity Shares by our Promoters or future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity–linked securities by us may dilute your shareholding and adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth through future equity offerings. Any future issuance of our Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to our Equity Shares by us, including through exercise of employee stock options, to the extent applicable, may dilute your shareholding in our Company. Any sale of our Equity Shares by our Promoters or future equity issuances by us may adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will not issue Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares or that our Shareholders will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

**_62. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its equity shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three–fourths of our Equity Shares voting on such resolution. 

However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for your benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of any such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of our Equity Shares, your proportional interests in our Company would be diluted. 

**_63. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of our Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws and regulations, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Any capital gain exceeding ₹100,000, realized on the sale of listed equity shares on a recognized stock exchange held for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to long term capital gains in India, at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess). This beneficial rate is subject to, among others, payment of Securities Transaction Tax (“ **STT** ”). Further, any gain realized on the sale of equity shares in an Indian company held for more than 12 months, which are sold using any platform other than a recognized stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, will be subject to long term capital gains tax in India at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess), without indexation benefits or 20% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) with indexation benefits. 

56 

Further, any capital gains realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Such gains will be subject to tax at the rate of 15% (plus applicable surcharge and cess), subject to STT being paid at the time of sale of such shares. Otherwise, such gains will be taxed at the applicable rates. 

The rates of capital gain tax depend upon certain factors, such as whether the sale is undertaken on or off the Stock Exchanges, the quantum of gains and any available treaty relief. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will not be chargeable to tax in India in cases where relief from such taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident and the seller is entitled to avail benefits thereunder, subject to certain conditions. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. 

**_64. Certain of our existing shareholders or future shareholders together may be able to exert substantial voting control over us, which may limit your ability to influence corporate matters._** 

As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our five largest shareholders beneficially owned an aggregate of 77,882,068 Equity Shares, representing 74.45% of our outstanding Equity Shares. While the shareholding of our Company is diversified, some existing or future shareholders together may limit your ability to influence corporate matters that require shareholders’ approval. These existing or future shareholders may be able to exercise considerable influence over any matters requiring shareholder approval, including the election of directors, approval of lending and investment policies and the approval of corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our Company or its assets or further fund-raising transactions. Further, subject to the approval of our Shareholders after listing of the Equity Shares and compliance with the Regulations 17D and 31B of the SEBI Listing Regulations, our Promoters and the RARE Trusts (acting through its trustees) may have a right to nominate directors on the Board of our Company. For more details, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters – Shareholders’ agreements and other agreements_ ” on page 174. Matters requiring shareholder approval could be delayed or not occur at all, which could adversely affect our business. Moreover, these shareholders are not obligated to share any business opportunities with us. 

**_65. Qualified Institutional Buyers (QIBs) and Non–Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid, and Retail Individual Bidders are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after the Bid/Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non–Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. RIBs and Eligible Employees Bidding under Employee Reservation Portion can revise or withdraw their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within such period as may be prescribed under applicable law, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in our Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, financial condition and results of operations may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of our Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell our Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of our Equity Shares to decline on listing. QIBs and Non–Institutional Investors will, therefore, not be able to withdraw or lower their bids following adverse developments in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or otherwise, between the dates of submission of their Bids and Allotment. 

57 

