# **SECTION II - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. If one, or a combination of any of the following risks occurs, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could suffer, the trading price of the Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all, or part of your investment. In addition, the risks set out in this section are not exhaustive, and additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or which we currently deem to be immaterial, may arise or may become material in the future._ 

_Unless specified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial implication of any of the risks mentioned below. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. Any potential investor in, and purchaser of the Equity Shares should pay attention to the fact that we are governed in India, by a legal and regulatory environment which may be different from that which prevails in other countries in material respects._ 

_Unless otherwise stated, the financial information in this section is derived from our Restated Financial Information. Further, unless the context otherwise requires, references to “our Company” are to Craftsman Automation Limited on a standalone basis, while references to “we”, “us” or “our” are to Craftsman Automation Limited on a consolidated basis._ 

_The industry data in this section has been extracted from a report titled “Studying the Automotive and Industrial Engineering Business in India” dated December 2020, prepared by CRISIL Research. Neither we nor any other person connected with the Offer has independently verified this information. Industry sources and publications generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources generally considered to be reliable, but their accuracy, completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed and their reliability cannot be assured. Industry publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current. For further information, see “_ **_Industry Overview_** _” on page 95._ 

_In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us on a consolidated and standalone basis and the terms of the Offer including the merits and the risks involved. To obtain a complete understanding of our business, see “_ **_Business_** _”, “_ **_Financial Statements_** _” and “_ **_Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations_** _” on pages 167, 224 and 290, respectively. If our business, results of operations or financial condition suffer, the price of our Equity Shares and the value of your investments in the Equity Shares could decline. This Draft Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus._ 

# **Internal risk factors** 

# **Risks relating to business and operations** 

1. **_The extent to which the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) affects our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted._** 

An outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) was recognized by the World Health Organization as a public health emergency of international concern on January 30, 2020, and as a pandemic on March 11, 2020. The outbreak of COVID-19 has significantly and adversely impacted and will likely continue to impact economic activity and has contributed to significant volatility in global financial markets and led to operational challenges. It is possible that the outbreak of COVID-19 will cause a prolonged global economic crisis, stagnation, recession or depression, despite monetary and fiscal interventions by governments and central banks globally. In particular, a number of governments and organizations have revised GDP growth forecasts for 2020 downwards in response to the economic slowdown caused by the spread of COVID-19, and it is possible that the COVID-19 pandemic will cause a prolonged global economic crisis or recession. 

22 

In response to the COVID-19 outbreak, the governments of many countries, including India have taken preventive or protective actions, such as issuing advisories and imposing country or state wide lockdowns, including restrictions on travel and temporary closure of business operations and increased remote working protocols, which have significantly slowed down economic activity. On March 14, 2020, India declared COVID-19 as a “notified disaster” and imposed a nationwide lockdown announced on March 24, 2020. While there have been progressive relaxations and calibrated easing of lockdown measures by the Government, we cannot predict if stricter lockdowns will not be re-introduced or extended in the future. The COVID-19 pandemic and resulting government actions may affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, in the future, in a number of ways such as requiring a complete or partial closure of our operations, disruptions or restrictions on our ability to conduct our business, our manufacturing operations and pursue partnerships and other business opportunities, and delay shipments of our products; result in inability to source key raw materials as a result of the temporary or permanent closure of the facilities of suppliers of our key raw materials; lead to non-availability of labour, which could result in a slowdown in our operations; adversely impact our ability to access debt and equity capital on acceptable terms, or at all; the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our future results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could adversely impact our compliance with the covenants in our credit facilities and other financing agreements and could result in events of default and the acceleration of indebtedness; uncertainty as to what conditions must be satisfied before government authorities completely lift lockdown orders; and the potential negative impact on the health of our employees, particularly if a significant number of them are afflicted by COVID-19, could result in a deterioration in our ability to ensure business continuity during this disruption. 

On account of the government imposed lockdown in India, operations at all of our manufacturing facilities were temporarily shut down with effect from March 24, 2020 and resumed operations in accordance with permissions from the local authorities. Such disruptions in operations impacted our business performance during the first quarter of Fiscal 2021 and had caused us to postpone the delivery terms for certain orders. Further, the automotive industry has been significantly impacted, which may have an impact on our revenues as a majority of our customers are from this sector. The pandemic may affect production, create supply chain and market disruption and may result in financial impact. Events beyond our control may unfold in the future, which makes it difficult for us to predict the impact that COVID-19 will have on us, our customers or suppliers in the future and this may affect the underlying assumptions and estimates with respect to demand for our products in future. 

The COVID-19 pandemic may cause additional disruptions to operations if our employees or staff become sick, are quarantined, or are otherwise limited in their ability to travel or work. To contain the spread of the virus, we may be required to implement staggered shifts and other social distancing efforts at manufacturing facilities, which could result in labour shortages and decreased productivity. This may negatively affect our ability to meet consumer demand and may increase our costs of production and sales. We cannot assure you that we will be able to generate sufficient revenue to meet our working capital requirements. All of the foregoing developments may have a significant effect on our results of operations and on our financial results. 

<mark>We cannot predict the degree to, or the time period over, which our business will be affected by the COVID-19 outbreak. The COVID-19 pandemic may intensify and events beyond our control may unfold in future which could necessitate further lockdowns, resulting in significant additional effects on our revenue, financial condition and results of operations. There are numerous uncertainties associated with the COVID-19 outbreak, including the number of individuals who will become infected, availability of a vaccine or a cure that mitigates the effect of the virus, the extent of the protective and preventative measures imposed by governments and whether the virus’ impact will be seasonal, among others. Consequently, there may be adverse effects of this pandemic on our short-term business operations and our financial results may be impacted.</mark> 

2. **_There has been a significant decline in automobile sales even prior to COVID-19 and we are not certain that the sales will recover even after the impact of COVID-19 is over._** 

Substantially all of our business is directly related to vehicle sales and production by our customers, who consist primarily of large automotive OEMs, and demand for our products is largely dependent on the industrial output of the automotive industry. The sales, volumes and prices for vehicles are influenced by the cyclicality and seasonality of demand for these products. The automotive industry has been 

23 

3. 

cyclical in the past and we expect this cyclicality to continue. Our operations and performance are directly related to levels of global vehicle production and are therefore affected by factors that generally affect the automotive industry. The automotive industry is sensitive to factors such as consumer demand, consumer confidence, disposable income levels, employment levels, fuel prices and general economic conditions. 

Even before COVID-19 related slowdown and disruptions, automobile sales in India had been degrowing. We believe that the de-growth was on account of slow-down in the overall economy, higher insurance costs and the scheduled adoption of BS-VI norms and are not certain that even after the impact of COVID-19 is over automobile sales will recover. Weak automobile sales will impact demand for autocomponents manufactured and supplied by our Company to our OEM customers and will materially impact our business outlook, result of operations and financial condition. 

# **_Our inability to meet our obligations under our debt financing arrangements could adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows._** 

As of September 30, 2020, we had total secured borrowings (long term and short term) of ₹ 9,634.83 million. 

Our substantial indebtedness could: 

- require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments in respect of our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate expenditures; 

- increase our vulnerability to adverse general economic or industry conditions; 

- limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, competition and/or changes in our business or our industry; 

- limit our ability to borrow additional funds; 

- restrict us from making strategic acquisitions, introducing new products or services or exploiting business opportunities; and 

- place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to competitors that have less debt or greater financial resources. 

We cannot guarantee that we will be able to generate enough cash flow from operations or that we will be able to obtain enough capital to service our debt or fund our planned capital expenditures. In addition, adverse changes in the business conditions affecting us could cause the amount of refinancing proceeds to be insufficient to meet our interest payments or fully repay any existing debt upon maturity and we may be unable to fund the payment of such shortfalls. If we cannot obtain alternative sources of financing or our costs of borrowings become significantly more expensive, then our financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. 

Moreover, the agreements governing certain of our debt obligations include terms that, in addition to certain financial covenants, restrict our ability to invest any funds by way of deposit, extending loan or advance to or place deposit with other companies, declare or pay any dividend or any other distribution to any of the Shareholders, effect a merger, amalgamation or scheme of arrangement or compromise, amend our Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association, incur further indebtedness of any nature and create any charge, mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, lien or other encumbrance over assets constituting security, undertake any new project, diversify, modernise or substantial expand our projects, change our management, transfer or dispose of the Equity Shares held by our Promoter and change our capital structure. Any failure on our part to comply with these terms in our loan agreements would generally result in events of default under these loan agreements. In such a case, the lenders under each of these respective loan agreements may, at their discretion, accelerate payment and declare the entire outstanding amounts under these loans due and payable, and in certain instances, enforce their security which has been constituted over our various assets and take possession of those assets, which could adversely affect our liquidity and materially and adversely affect our business and operations. Further, 

24 

under certain of our loan agreements, the lenders have a right to appoint a nominee director on our Board in case there is an event of default. In addition, to the extent that we cannot make payments on accelerated amounts, such non-payment could result in cross-acceleration of some or all of our other outstanding indebtedness, and payment of penalty interest, which could likewise adversely affect our liquidity and materially and adversely affect our business and operations. For instance, in the past we have sought waivers from one of our lenders in relation to certain non-compliances with financial covenants such as maintaining current ratio and liabilities to tangible net worth. Though we have received waivers in relation to such non-compliances for Fiscals 2020 and 2019, we cannot assure you that we will not breach these covenants in the future or be able to procure corresponding waivers. In another instance, while we have sought a waiver from one of our lenders in relation to non-compliance with the current ratio required to be maintained by us, we have not yet received a waiver in this regard. We cannot assure you that we will not breach such covenants in the future which are required to be complied with under our financing arrangements or be able to procure corresponding waivers. 

Fluctuations in market interest rates may also affect the cost of our borrowings. Since the interest rates on certain of our borrowings may be subject to changes based on the prime lending rate of the respective bank lenders, such borrowings may be subject to renegotiation and/or escalation on a periodic basis and may not be covered by interest rate hedge agreements. 

# 4. **_A substantial portion of our assets are hypothecated or mortgaged in favour of lenders as security for some of our borrowings. Our lenders may enforce the security in the event of our failure to service our debt obligations which may affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations._** 

As of September 30, 2020, we had total secured borrowings (long term and short term) of ₹ 9,634.83 million. These borrowings are secured, _inter alia_ , through a charge by way of hypothecation on our present and future current assets and fixed assets as well as through mortgage on our land and building in favour of the lenders. See “ **_Financial Indebtedness_** ” on page 324. 

As these assets are hypothecated or mortgaged in favour of lenders, our rights in respect of transferring or disposing of these assets are restricted. Further, in the event we fail to service our debt obligations, the lenders have the right to enforce the security created in respect of our secured borrowings. If the lenders choose to enforce security and dispose our assets to recover the amounts due from us, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

# 5. **_We are subject to risks arising from interest rate fluctuations, which could adversely affect our results of operations planned expenditures and cash flows._** 

As of September 30, 2020, 70.47% of our indebtedness was at floating interest rates while 29.53% of our indebtedness was at fixed interest rate or hedged against interest rate risks. If the interest rates of our existing or future borrowings increase significantly, our cost of funds will increase. A further increase in interest rates may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. While we could consider refinancing the loan or hedging interest rate risks in appropriate cases, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so on commercially reasonable terms or at all, that our counterparties will perform their obligations, or that these agreements, if entered into, will protect us adequately against interest rate risks. Further, if such arrangements do not protect us adequately against interest rate risks, they would result in higher costs. 

# 6. **_We are exposed to credit risk on account of interest free loans given by our Company to our Subsidiary._** 

Our Company has given interest free loans to our Subsidiary, Craftsman Europe B.V. Further, a portion of the loan granted to Craftsman Europe B.V. has been converted into equity by way of investment in the equity capital pursuant to a resolution passed by our Board of Directors on August 20, 2019. There is no assurance that we will be able to fully recover such loans from our Subsidiary or that they will settle such loans in a timely manner or at all. In the event, or to the extent, that any such impairment is realized, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. See “ **_Financial Statements_** ” on page 224. 

# 7. **_Our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale._** 

25 

The Offer includes an Offer for Sale of up to 4,521,450 Equity Shares, in the aggregate, by the Selling Shareholders. Our Company will not receive any proceeds of the Offer for Sale by the Selling Shareholders. However, in the event that the Offer is withdrawn or not completed for any reason whatsoever, all the Offer related expenses will be exclusively borne by our Company. The expenses of the Selling Shareholders will, at the outset, be borne by our Company and each Selling Shareholder will reimburse our Company for such expenses incurred by our Company on behalf of such Selling Shareholders, in relation to the Offer, upon successful completion of the Offer in the manner as prescribed under applicable law and agreed amongst the Company and the Selling Shareholders. See “ **_Objects of the Offer_** ” on page 77. 

# 8. **_We cannot assure you that the deployment of the Net Proceeds in the manner intended by us will result in an increase in the value of your investment._** 

We intend to utilize the Net Proceeds as set forth in “ **_Objects of the Offer_** ” on page 77. 

The fund requirement mentioned as a part of the objects of the Offer is based on our internal management estimates based on the terms of our current financing documents and has not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. This is based on current conditions and is subject to change in light of changes in external circumstances, costs, other financial conditions or business strategies. 

Any variation in the objects of the Offer, including due to factors or circumstances including competitive and dynamic market conditions, variation in cost structures, changes in estimates due to cost overruns or delays, which may be beyond our control, any such variation in the objects of the Offer would require a special resolution of our Shareholders and our Promoter or controlling Shareholders will be required to provide an exit opportunity to our Shareholders who do not agree to such variation, pursuant to Section 27 of the Companies Act 2013. If our Shareholders exercise such an exit option, the price of the Equity Shares may be adversely affected, which may affect the value of your investment. 

# 9. **_Our contingent liabilities could adversely affect our financial condition if they materialise._** 

As per our Restated Financial Information, as at September 30, 2020, our contingent liabilities, as per Ind AS 37 - provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets, that have not been provided for are as set out in the table below: 

||_(in ₹ million)_|
|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**As of September 30,**<br>**2020**|
|**Claims against the company not acknowledged as debt:**||
|- Excise|0.69|
|- VAT*|6.21|
|- Service tax|6.72|
|- GST#|2.74|
|- Income tax|176.79|
|- Stampduty|5.62|
|**Sales Bill Discounting**|-|



_* includes ₹ 0.68 million of Joint Venture_ 

_# includes ₹ 0.78 million of Joint Venture_ 

If any of these contingent liabilities materialises, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. See “ **_Financial Statements_** ” on page 224. 

# 10. **_Our Group Companies have incurred losses in the last three Fiscals._** 

Our Group Company, MC Craftsman Machinery Private Limited, in which we have 10.00% equity stake, has incurred losses in Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018 and our Group Company, Carl Stahl Craftsman Enterprises Private Limited, in which we have 30.00% equity stake, have incurred loss in Fiscal 2020. Details of profits (or losses) after tax of our Group Company in Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018 are provided in “ **_Promoter, Promoter Group and Group Company – Details of loss-making Group Companies_** ” on page 221. There is no assurance that our Group Companies will not incur losses in future periods or that there will not be an adverse effect on our Company’s reputation or business as a result of such losses. 

26 

# 11. **_Our Company and one of our Director is  involved in certain legal proceedings, and an adverse outcome in any such proceedings may adversely affect our business, financial condition and growth strategy._** 

Our Company and one of our Director is involved in certain legal proceedings, in the ordinary course of business, which are pending at varying levels of adjudication at different fora, from time to time. All pending litigation involving our Company, Directors, Promoters and Subsidiaries, other than criminal proceedings, statutory or regulatory actions and taxation matters, are considered “material” if the monetary amount of claim by or against the entity or person, in any such pending litigation exceeds 3.00% of the consolidated profit after tax of our Company, as per the Restated Financial Information, for the latest fiscal i.e. Fiscal 2020, amounting to ₹ 12.32 million, or any such litigation, an adverse outcome of which would materially and adversely affect our Company’s business, prospects, operations, financial condition or reputation, irrespective of the amount involved in such litigation. The summary of the outstanding litigations involving the aforementioned persons/entities are as follows: 

|**Type of Litigation**|**Number of cases**|**Amount***<br>**(in ₹ million)**|
|---|---|---|
|**Litigation involving our Company**|||
|Material civil litigation|2|15.07|
|Actions bystatutoryor regulatoryauthorities|2|5.62|
|Direct and indirect taxproceedings|23|191.69|
|**Total**|**27**|**212.38**|
|**Litigation involving our Directors**|||
|Actions bystatutoryor regulatoryauthorities|1|0.10|
|**Total**|**1**|**0.10**|



***** _to the extent quantifiable_ 

Involvement in such proceedings could divert our management’s time and attention, and consume financial resources. Further, an adverse judgment in these proceedings could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. See “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_** ” on page 327. 

We cannot assure you that any of such proceedings will be settled in our favour or in favour of our Company or Directors, as applicable, or that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. 

# 12. **_We operate in a competitive business environment. If we cannot respond adequately to the increased competition and consequent pricing pressures that we expect to face from existing players and new entrants, we will lose market share and our profits will decline, which will adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We operate in a competitive business environment, particularly in certain business segments such as the manufacture and sale of aluminium castings in the Automotive - Aluminium Products segment, material handling systems in the Material handling sub-segment and storage systems in the Storage solutions subsegment. Growing competition in the domestic and/or international markets may subject us to pricing pressures and require us to reduce the prices of our products in order to retain or attract customers, which may have an adverse effect on our revenues and margins. While we are focused in the development of customer-centric products, and to broaden our product range, in the event our competitors harness better process technology or improved process yield or are able to source raw materials at more competitive prices, we may not be able to maintain our growth rate and our revenues and profitability may decline. Some of our competitors may be increasing their capacities and targeting the same products or applications as us. Some of our competitors are global companies that have larger technical and financial resources and broad customer bases needed to bring competitive solutions to the market. Such companies may use these advantages to offer solutions that are perceived to be as effective or more effective as ours at the same or at a lower price. They may also develop different products to compete with our current solutions and respond more quickly and effectively than we do to new or changing opportunities, applications, technologies, standards, or client requirements. Our competitors may also adopt competitive strategies for various products which may have a corresponding adverse impact on our revenues and margins. There can be no assurance that we can continue to effectively compete with our competitors in the future, and failure to compete effectively may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Also, see “ **_Business - Competition_** ” on page 186. 

27 

13. **_The loss of any of our key customers or significant reduction in production and sales of, or demand for our production from our significant customers may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Sales to our top four customers (based on the revenue from operations as on September 30, 2020) represented 41.90%, 33.91%, 34.14% and 31.73% of our revenue from operations for the six months ended September 30, 2020, Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, and sales to our top 10 customers (based on the revenue from operations as on September 30, 2020) represented 56.23%, 51.70%, 50.22% and 45.15% of our revenue from operations for the six months ended September 30, 2020, Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 

It is difficult to forecast the success or sustainability of any strategies undertaken by any of our key customers in response to the current economic or industry environment. Unfavourable industry conditions can also result in an increase in commercial disputes and other risks of supply disruption. A sustained decline in the demand for products produced by our OEM customers could prompt them to cut their production volumes, directly affecting the demand from OEM customers for our products. In addition to decline in demand for existing products, insufficient demand for new products launched by our OEM customers may also prevent growth in demand for our products from such OEM customers. Further, the volume and timing of sales to our customers may vary due to variation in demand for our customers’ products, our customers’ attempts to manage their inventory, design changes, changes in their product mix, manufacturing strategy and growth strategy, and macroeconomic factors affecting the economy in general, and our customers in particular. 

Our growth depends on the growth of our key customers. If our key customers do not successfully enter into and retain market share in high-growth segments, we may be prevented from capitalizing on new growth opportunities. Since we are significantly dependent on certain key customers for a significant portion of our sales, the loss of any one of our key customers, a significant reduction in demand from such customers or the downturn in business by such customers could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may continue to remain dependent upon our key customers for a substantial portion of our revenues. In the event of our failure to retain one or more of our key customers, it will have an adverse effect on our financial performance and result of operations. 

Additionally, as our orders are linked to specific vehicles/models and are not generally interchangeable with other models/vehicles, therefore, the discontinuation of, loss of business with respect to, or a lack of commercial success of, a particular vehicle model for which we are a significant supplier could lead to cancellation of orders or loss of business and consequently reduce our sales and affect our estimates of anticipated sales, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Further, our future growth is also linked to the addition of new customers and failure to do so may cause significant damage to our future growth, which could have an adverse effect on our business. 

14. **_If we are unable to accurately forecast demand for our products and plan production schedules in advance, our business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects may be adversely affected._** 

Our inability to forecast the level of customer demand for our products, process innovation, and value engineering costs as well as our inability to accurately schedule our raw material purchases and production and manage our inventory may adversely affect our business and cash flows from operations. In particular, our inability to accurately forecast demand for products in our emerging product segments such as storage solutions and material handling may hinder our planned growth in these segments. 

For some of our customers, we have long term purchase agreements, which define the terms and conditions of purchases by the customers. These are supplemented by specific open purchase orders which do not have any validity in respect of time period and only specify the price at which the products are to be supplied with no mention of any specific quantity. The quantities supplied are typically based on monthly delivery schedules provided by the customers based on their own demand and supply situation. Further, for our long term contracts, there is a term for product life cycle, which in turn may be phased out or halted. Although our customers provide us with forecasts of annual business volumes, which enable us to predict our income for a portion of our business, the actual orders are only placed by way of on-going purchase orders. Product quantities are typically based on delivery schedules received from the customers in short intervals and multiple times in a day, in certain cases. Our customers do not 

28 

provide a firm commitment for any specific product quantity and purchase orders may be amended or cancelled prior to finalization, as a result of which, we do not hold a significant order book at any time, making it difficult for us to forecast revenue, production or sales and plan our inventory in advance. 

Actual production volumes may vary from these estimates due to variations in consumer demand for the related vehicles leading to underutilized capacity or incurring additional expenditure to deploy additional resources to meet delivery timelines. In addition, in the event of significant cuts in production schedules announced by customers with little advance notice, we may be unable to respond with corresponding production and inventory reductions. Significant reduction in demand for our products from a major customer may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. While some of our customers share annual forecasts with us, we do not have any recourse against our customers in the event of a reduction in the forecasted volume. Further, we have certain manufacturing facilities which are either dedicated, or predominantly catering to some of our OEM customers and are in such localities to serve such customers efficiently. Any reduction in forecasted volume from customers for whom we run dedicated facilities, would materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our customers have high and exacting standards for product quantity and quality as well as delivery schedules and any failure to meet our customers’ expectations could result in the cancellation of orders. There are also a number of factors other than our performance that are beyond our control and that could cause the loss of a customer. Moreover, as many of our operating expenses are relatively fixed, an unanticipated change in customer demand may adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. We typically commit to order raw materials and bought-out components from our own suppliers based on customer forecasts and orders. Cancellation by customers or delay or reduction in their orders or instances where anticipated orders fail to materialize can result in mismatch between our inventories of raw materials and bought-out components and of manufactured products, thereby increasing our costs relating to maintaining our inventory and reduction of our margins, which may adversely affect our profitability and liquidity. 

In addition, we may incur significant expense in preparing to meet anticipated customer requirements that may not be recovered. Further, in the event large OEM customers change their outsourcing strategy by moving more work in-house, or replace their existing products with alternative products, it may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

15. **_We do not have long term contracts or exclusive arrangements with any of our suppliers, and any major disruption to the timely and adequate supplies of our raw materials for any of our segments could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We do not currently have long term contracts or exclusive supply arrangements with any of our suppliers and we purchase the raw materials on spot order basis. The failure of our suppliers to deliver raw material in the necessary quantities or as per the required schedule, of a specified quality/standard/specification, may adversely affect our production processes thereby giving rise to contractual penalties or liabilities, loss of customers and/or an adverse effect on our reputation, which may in turn result in an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, a material shortage in supply of raw material could result in the failure to meet our sales obligations, which may in turn result in a loss of revenue and cash flows. Although we have not encountered any significant disruptions in the sourcing and/or supply of our raw materials, we cannot assure you that such disruptions will not occur and/or we shall continue to be able to source raw materials in a cost effective manner. 

16. **_Any shortfall in the supply of our raw materials or an increase in our raw material costs, or other input costs for any of our segments, may adversely affect the pricing and supply of our products and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are dependent on third party suppliers for our raw materials. Discontinuation of production by these suppliers or a failure of these suppliers to adhere to any delivery schedule or the required quality or quantity could hamper our production schedule and therefore affect our business and results of operations. This dependence may also adversely affect the availability of key materials at reasonable prices thus affecting our margins and may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. There can be no assurance that strong demand, capacity limitations or other problems experienced by our suppliers will not result in shortages or delays in their supply of raw materials to us. 

29 

If we were to experience a significant or prolonged shortage of raw materials from any of our suppliers, and we cannot procure similar raw materials from other sources at comparable costs and of comparable quality, in a timely manner, we would be unable to meet our production schedules for some of our key products and to deliver such products to our customers in timely fashion, which would adversely affect our sales, margins, reputation and customer relations. We cannot assure you that a particular supplier will continue to supply the required components or raw materials to us in the future. Any change in the supplying pattern of our raw materials can adversely affect our business and profits. We also rely on transporters for transport and logistics. Our reliance on third parties for certain outsourced job works and on transporters for transport and logistics may affect our timelines for making delivery to our customers. 

Our business, financial condition and results of operations are significantly impacted by the prices of raw materials purchased or imported by us, particularly aluminium ingots, steel and sheet metal parts. 

We rely significantly on five suppliers for procurement of steel, aluminium ingots required for manufacturing aluminium castings used in Automotive - Aluminium Products and Industrial and Engineering segments, which supplied 24.32% of our cost of raw material and components consumed for Fiscal 2020. 

Raw material pricing can be volatile due to a number of factors beyond our control, including global demand and supply, general economic and political conditions, transportation and labour costs, labour unrest, natural disasters, pandemic, competition, import duties, tariffs and currency exchange rates, and there are uncertainties inherent in estimating such variables, regardless of the methodologies and assumptions that we may use. This volatility in commodity prices can significantly affect our raw material costs. Further, volatility in fuel prices can also affect commodity prices worldwide which may significantly increase our raw material costs. 

Further, our Automotive - Powertrain and Others, Automotive - Aluminium Products and Industrial and Engineering segments have experienced significant volatility with respect to raw materials prices in the recent past, primarily in ferrous and non-ferrous metals. Increasing raw material costs may also lead to reduction in demand for our OEM customers’ end products, which in turn can affect our operations. Further, our contracts with our customers provide for pass through of any variation in the raw material costs. However, our cash flows may still be adversely affected because of any gap in time between the date of procurement of those primary raw materials and date on which we can reset the component prices for our customers, to account for the increase in the prices of such raw materials. In addition, if we are not able to pass our entire raw material price increases to our customers for our operations, as we sell integrated systems rather than individual components, our results of operations may get affected adversely. The inability to pass fluctuations in raw material prices on to our customers may adversely affect our profits and profit margins. Our need to maintain a continued supply of raw materials may make it difficult to resist price increases and surcharges imposed by our suppliers, which may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

# 17. **_Our operational flexibility may be limited in certain respects on account of our obligations under some of our major long-term customer agreements._** 

We have entered into long-term customer agreements with some of our customers. Our pricing terms, payment cycles and permitted adjustments are generally set out in advance in our customer contracts or purchase orders and only allow adjustments at specific intervals and in the event of significant unanticipated changes in, for instance, raw material prices or currency exchange rate fluctuation. Due to committed delivery schedules at a pre-agreed price, we may not be able to adequately adjust our inventory and raw material costs in the event of an unanticipated change or cancellation in orders from our customers and we may, therefore, in certain events, incur additional costs that we are unable to pass through to our customers or be required to write off certain expenses. 

While various terms of our long-term customer agreements with customers generally allow us a right of consultation as to difficulties faced by us or provide for certain decisions or adjustments to be made as per mutual agreement, our customers are generally permitted under the terms of such agreements to exercise a high level of discretion. For instance, our customers reserve the right at any time to direct changes, or cause us to make changes, to drawings and specifications of the goods or to otherwise change the scope of the work covered by our long term contract. Price and time for performance resulting from such changes are equitably adjusted by our customers based on supply of documentation in such form 

30 

and detail as required by our customer. Consequently, we are exposed to the risk that our submissions or requests as to price adjustments or delivery schedules or otherwise may not be agreed to by our customers or our customers may not accede to provide consents sought by us. Any such significant operational constraint may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# 18. **_We extend significant credit terms to our customers and are subject to counterparty credit risk. Any deterioration in such customers’ financial position and their ability to pay or our inability to extend credit in line with market practice may adversely impact our profitability._** 

Due to the nature of agreements and arrangements that we enter into, we are subject to counterparty credit risk and any delay in receiving payments or non-receipt of payments may adversely impact our results of operations. Our operations involve extending credit, ranging typically from 7 to 75 days, to our customers in respect of our products and services. Consequently, we face the risk of the uncertainty regarding the receipt of these outstanding amounts. There is no guarantee that we will accurately assess the creditworthiness of our customers. Macroeconomic conditions, such as a potential credit crisis in the global financial system, could also result in financial difficulties for our customers, including limited access to the credit markets. Such conditions could cause our customers to delay payment, request modifications of their payment terms, or default on their payment obligations to us, all of which could increase our receivables. Timely collection of dues from customers also depends on our ability to complete our contractual commitments and subsequently bill for and collect from our clients. If we are unable to meet our contractual obligations, we might experience delays in the collection of, or be unable to collect, our customer balances, and if this occurs, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. We have experienced delays in billing and collection for our products and services in the past and we cannot assure you that we will not experience any such delays in the future. If we experience delays in billing and collection for our products and services, our cash flows could be adversely affected. 

Accordingly, we had and may continue to have high levels of outstanding receivables. As of September 30, 2020 and Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, our trade receivables were ₹ 1,851.14 million, ₹ 1,943.19 million, ₹ 2,100.32 million and ₹ 2,016.86 million, respectively, which constituted 34.68%, 13.02%, 11.55% and 13.34% of our revenue from operations for the respective periods. 

If our customers delay or default in making these payments, our profits margins and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

19. **_We have undertaken joint ventures and strategic investments in the past and may continue to undertake joint ventures, strategic investments, alliances as well as inorganic growth through strategic acquisitions, in the future, which may be difficult to integrate and manage. These may expose us to uncertainties and risks, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial conditions and result of operations._** 

We have pursued and may continue to pursue joint ventures, strategic investments and alliances in India as well as overseas as a mode of expanding our operations. Going forward, we may undertake further joint ventures, investments and expansions to enhance our operations and technological capabilities. Further, we intend to explore opportunities, including selectively evaluating targets for strategic acquisitions in the powertrain business. Further, acquisitions and joint ventures may require us to incur or assume new debt, expose us to future funding obligations or integration risks and we cannot assure you that such acquisitions or joint ventures will contribute to our profitability. For instance, in June 2007, we entered into a joint venture with Carl Stahl Hebetechnik GmbH (previously known as Carl Stahl International GmbH) forming Carl Stahl Craftsman Enterprises Private Limited for engaging in marketing, installation, commissioning and rendering after-sales services of material handling equipment, such as chain hoists, rope hoists and cranes kits, manufactured by us and sold under the name “Carl Stahl Craftsman”. Further, we have made a strategic investment along with Mitsubishi Corporation in forming MC Craftsman Machinery Private Limited for engaging in the marketing and after-sales service of CNC, EDM and LASER manufactured by Mitsubishi Corporation, Japan. Both these arrangements have enabled us to gain access to new customers and geographies. There are no guarantees that we will be able to successfully integrate any companies or assets we acquire, or that we will realize the strategic and/or operational benefits that we expect. Moreover, we may expend significant management attention trying to do so, but may not see the desired results. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to consummate our expansions, acquisitions, mergers or alliances in the 

31 

future on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Further, in the future if such arrangements are severed or disrupted, it would impair our investments and impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# 20. **_We export our products to various countries including, USA and Japan. Any adverse events affecting these countries could have an adverse impact on our results from operations._** 

We generated ₹ 642.11 million, ₹ 1,393.23 million, ₹ 1,619.62 million and ₹ 1,275.09 million export sales as on September 30, 2020 and in Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, which represented 12.03%, 9.34%, 8.91% and 8.44% of our revenue from operations for the respective periods. During such periods, we exported our products to over 20 countries across North America, South America, Europe and Asia. These export destination countries impose varying duties on our products. There can be no assurance that the duties imposed by such countries will not increase. Any change or increase in such duties may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Additionally, export destination countries may also enter into free trade agreements or regional trade agreements with countries other than India. Such agreements and alteration of existing tax treaties may lead to increased competition or may even place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to manufacturers in other countries and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, changes in import policies or an economic slowdown in countries to which we export our products may have a significant adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. India is also a party to, and is currently negotiating, free trade agreements with several countries and if we export our products to such countries, any revocation or alteration of those bilateral agreements may also adversely affect our ability to export, and consequently, our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Additionally, we will be required to procure certifications in addition to other quality standards which could be necessary for the products to be accepted by customers and the markets in which we export our products. As such, we may need to obtain and maintain the relevant certifications so that our customers are able to sell their products, which include components that are manufactured by us, in these countries. Our inability to secure such license, or any other licenses, certification, registrations and permits in other jurisdictions in a timely manner or at all, could result in operational delays or suspensions and/or administrative fines and penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on the overall business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# 21. **_Information relating to the installed capacity, actual production and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates and future production and capacity may vary._** 

Information relating to the installed capacity, actual production and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates of our management that have been taken into account by the chartered engineer in the calculation of our installed capacity, actual production and capacity utilization. Actual production levels and future capacity utilization rates may vary significantly from the estimated production capacities of our manufacturing facilities and historical capacity utilization rates. In addition, capacity utilization is calculated differently in different countries, industries and for the different kinds of products we manufacture. Undue reliance should therefore not be placed on our historical installed capacity, actual production and capacity utilization for our existing manufacturing facilities included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. See “ **_Business – Our Business Segments_** ” on page 176. 

# 22. **_We may face difficulties in executing our strategies including our expansion plans._** 

Our growth strategy includes expanding our existing business in our Automotive - Powertrain and Others segment and our product portfolio in our Automotive - Aluminium Products and Industrial and Engineering segments. As a part of our growth strategy, we also seek to pursue emerging opportunities, including storage solutions and material handling, which are growing market opportunities. We cannot assure you that our growth strategies will be successful in a timely manner or at all or that we will be able to continue to expand further or diversify our product portfolio. 

32 

We may not be able to sustain our rates of growth, due to a variety of reasons including a decline in the demand for our products and services in the Automotive - Powertrain and Others, Automotive - Aluminium Products and Industrial and Engineering segments, increased price competition, nonavailability of raw materials, lack of management availability or a general slowdown in the economy. A failure to sustain our growth may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our growth strategy will place significant demands on our management as well as our financial, accounting and operating systems. If we are unable to increase our production capacity in line with our customer requirements, we may not be able to successfully execute our growth strategy. Further, as we scale-up and diversify our operations, we may not be able to execute our operations efficiently, which may result in delays, increased costs and lower quality products. We cannot assure you that our future performance or growth strategy will be successful. Any of our current or future horizontal and/or vertical integration related strategies may not be executed as planned on account of factors such as lack of adequate experience, increase in competition from peers, amongst others. 

23. **_We have incurred significant capital expenditures in the past and there can be no assurance that our past or planned capital expenditures will result in growth and/or additional profitability for our Company._** 

We have already incurred significant capital expenditure in the past few years, including setting up an entire range of facilities such as no-bake sand foundry, high pressure, low pressure and gravity die casting capabilities for production of various types of aluminium castings for different applications for our customers, allowing us to offer a diverse product suite, reduce operating costs and drive our productivity. For the six months ended September 30, 2020 and Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, our capital expenditure was ₹ 111.27 million, ₹ 1,206.01 million, ₹ 4,559.86 million and ₹ 1,811.24 million, respectively. 

To compete effectively, we must be able to develop and produce new products to meet our customers’ demand in a timely manner, which requires a significant capital expenditure. We may also be required to make substantial investments to adapt to the expansions plans made by our existing OEM customers to ensure continuity in business from such OEM customers, however there is no assurance that such investments will be as profitable as our existing business and investments, or at all. Further, we may incur significant costs in supplying OEM products from such locations to other customers. Further, we may not be able to take on new opportunities from our existing OEM customers if such opportunities do not offer attractive value proposition or commercial viability. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully convert these capital expenditures profitable in the future. Our capital expenditures may also lead to unsuccessful projects which may cause loss to our business. Additionally, we incur certain bare minimum capital expenditure for maintenance irrespective of the business or revenue, such as for upgradation and modernization of our manufacturing facilities, infrastructure, machines, equipment and technology to allow us to offer a diverse product suite, reduce operating costs and drive productivity and in the event of any negative impact of the business, such capital expenditure may result in negative cash flows. Our failure to manage our growth effectively may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, expansion and acquisitions may require us to incur or assume new debt, expose us to future funding obligations or integration risks and we cannot assure you that such expansion or acquisition will contribute to our profitability. 

# 24. **_Our failure to identify and understand evolving industry trends and preferences to develop new products to meet our customers’ demands or our limitation including on account of knowledge of new segments into which we are expanding may adversely affect our business._** 

We expect to continue to dedicate significant financial and other resources to our product development efforts in order to maintain our competitive position. Investing in product development, including developing new products and enhancing existing products, is expensive and time consuming, and there is no assurance that such activities will result in significant new marketable products or enhancements to our products, design improvements, cost savings, revenues or other expected benefits. If we spend significant time and effort on research and development, and are unable to generate an adequate return on our investment, our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

In the past, as part of our growth and expansion plan, we have diversified into new segments. Any inability to do such diversification in the future to expand our business will cause adverse effect on 

33 

business. Further, changes in consumer preferences, regulatory or industry requirements or in competitive technologies may render certain of our products obsolete or less attractive. Our ability to anticipate changes in technology and regulatory standards and to successfully develop and introduce new and enhanced products on a timely basis is a significant factor in our ability to remain competitive. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to develop or secure the necessary technological knowledge that will allow us to develop our product portfolio in this manner. If we are unable to obtain such knowledge in a timely manner, or at all, we may be unable to effectively implement our strategies, and our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. Moreover, we cannot assure you that we will be able to achieve the technological advancements that may be necessary for us to remain competitive or that certain of our products will not become obsolete. 

We are also subject to the risks generally associated with new product introductions and applications, including lack of market acceptance, delays in product development and failure of products to operate properly. For instance, our product development to meet the BS VI emission norms may not be accepted by our customers. Our failure to successfully develop and produce new products, or a failure by our customers to successfully launch new programs, could materially adversely affect our prospects and results of operations. 

25. **_Our manufacturing facilities are subject to various operating risks and any shutdown of our manufacturing facilities may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our manufacturing facilities are subject to various operating risks, such as: 

- breakdown or failure of equipment, power supply or processes; 

- performance below expected levels of efficiency; 

- natural disasters and pandemic; 

- industrial accidents; and 

- need to comply with the directives of relevant government authorities. 

Any such events may cause an unplanned shutdown or temporary or sustained slowdown in our production, or may require us to incur significant compliance or remediation costs, which we may not be able to completely or sufficiently or at all pass on to customers or recover through insurance in all events. For example, as part of cost control and optimization measures, our Company decided to shut its manufacturing facility located in Malumichampatti in August 2019 and shifted the same to our facility located in Arasur village. Recently, on account of the government imposed lockdown in India due to COVID-19 pandemic, operations at all of our manufacturing facilities were temporarily shut down and we were required to follow protocols as suggested by regulatory authorities which impacted our ability to operate our manufacturing facilities at optimum utilizations. 

Our foundry related operations are inherently risky and requires individuals to work under potentially high risk circumstances. For example, if improperly handled, molten metal can cause personal injury or loss of life of employees or other persons, and cause damage to our properties and the properties of others and the imposition of civil or criminal liabilities. We could also face claims and litigation filed on behalf of persons alleging injury as a result of occupational exposure to hazards at our facilities. 

Further, the assembly lines of our customers rely significantly on the timely delivery of our components and our ability to provide an uninterrupted supply of our products is critical to our business. Certain of our customers may terminate their relationships with us or seek to impose penalties on component manufacturers like us, or may initiate arbitration or legal proceedings against us, for stoppage in any of their critical operations or assembly lines and damages sought, potentially or allegedly on account of delayed delivery or a defect or deficiency in the products or services delivered by us. 

Our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by any of the factors mentioned above, in particular, on account of any such events affecting our flagship manufacturing facilities in Coimbatore. 

34 

26. **_Changes in technology may render our current technologies obsolete or require us to make substantial capital investments. Further, our failure to keep our technical knowledge confidential could erode our competitive advantage._** 

Our business is continually changing due to technological advances and scientific discoveries. These changes result in the frequent introduction of new products and services and significant price competition. If our products and technologies become obsolete for various factors, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Although we strive to maintain and upgrade our technologies, facilities and machinery consistent with current national and international standards, the technologies, facilities and machinery we currently use may become obsolete. The cost of implementing new technologies and upgrading our manufacturing facilities could be significant, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Any failure on our part to effectively address such situations, innovate and keep up with technological advancements or to successfully introduce new products and services in these areas, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Further, with the expected increase in growth of electric vehicles in future, we will need to adapt with the technological advances which will require us to make substantial capital investments. Our customers may shift to other manufacturers if we do not meet their changing needs as per the requirement of the automobile industry. Further, our already existing technologies may become redundant. All these factors could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

27. **_We are susceptible to product liability claims that may not be adequately covered by our insurance coverage or by warranties and assurances from our equipment suppliers, and which, if successful, could require us to pay substantial sums, adversely affecting our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability or recall claims, in the event that any of our products fail to perform as expected or such failure results or is alleged to result, in bodily injury or property damage or both. Consequently, we cannot assure you that we will not experience any material product liability losses in the future or that we will not incur significant costs to defend any such claims. 

Whilst we maintain insurance for product liability and recall for our exports, we do not maintain these for sales in India. As a result of product liability legislation, civil claims may be brought against our OEM customers, and we may be made parties to such claims where damages may have been caused by any faulty products that we produced. We cannot assure you that such claims will not be brought against us in the future, and any adverse determination may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and reputation. 

# 28. **_If we are unable to continue to implement our brand building and marketing initiatives, for each of our brands, our business and prospects may be adversely affected. Moreover, any deterioration in the reputation and market perception of our brands may have an adverse effect on our sales, profitability and the implementation of our growth strategy._** 

We operate under our brands “V-Store”, “Carl Stahl Craftsman” and “Craftsman Marine” in our Industrial and Engineering segment. Our brand and reputation are among our important assets. The performance and quality of products are critical to the success of our business. The success of these products depend significantly on the effectiveness of the product design, quality of the raw materials and bought out components, quality control systems, installation and after sales service, which in turn, depend on skills and experience of our personnel, the quality of our training program, and our ability to ensure that such personnel adhere to our policies and guidelines. Any adverse change in the quality of products rendered by us including due to reasons beyond our control, or allegations of defects, even when false, at any of our manufacturing facilities could tarnish the image of our brands, result in negative reviews and feedback from our customers. 

Further, our brand building would also depend on the effectiveness of sales and promotional activities and choice of channel partners. There can be no assurance that our efforts in these areas would always be effective. Any adverse development or decline in our brand value and reputation may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

35 

29. **_Delay in schedule of implementation may subject us to risks related to time and cost overrun which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We have in the past faced time and cost overrun and have sought time extensions to commence production for a planned manufacturing facility at Sriperumbudur, near Chennai. Further, in relation to our proposed manufacturing facility at Perundurai in Tamil Nadu, we have now surrendered the lease and are no longer seeking to develop as we don’t envisage further expansion of our manufacturing capacity due to the current COVID-19 pandemic. In relation to the surrender of lease for our manufacturing facility at Perundurai in Tamil Nadu, an amount equal to one percent of the total amount paid by us will be deducted by the State Industries Promotion Corporation of Tamil Nadu Limited from the refund amount. For further information, see “- **_Some of our manufacturing facilities are operated on industrial land allotted to us by industrial development corporations. Failure to comply with the conditions of use of such land could result in an adverse impact on our business and financial condition._** ” and “ **_History and Certain Corporate Matters_** ” on pages 37 and 193, respectively. 

Further, for our future projects, we may face risks relating to commissioning including delays in construction, failure of our contractors and suppliers to adhere to our specifications and timeline, among other things. We have limited control over the timing and quality of services, equipment or other supplies from third party contractors appointed by us, and we may be required to incur additional unanticipated costs to remedy any defect or default in their services or products to ensure that the planned timelines are adhered to. 

30. **_We have substantial capital expenditure and working capital requirements and may require additional capital to meet those requirements, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our business is capital intensive as we have expanded and upgraded our existing production facilities. For the six months ended September 30, 2020 and Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, our capital expenditure was ₹ 111.27 million, ₹ 1,206.01 million, ₹ 4,559.86 million and ₹ 1,811.24 million, respectively, which represented 2.12%, 8.39%, 26.95% and 12.24% of our total expenditure for the respective periods. The actual amount and timing of our future capital requirements may differ from estimates as a result of, among other factors, unforeseen delays or cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, economic conditions, engineering design changes, weather related delays, technological changes and additional market developments and new opportunities in the Automotive - Powertrain and Others, Automotive - Aluminium Products and Industrial and Engineering segments. Our sources of additional capital, where required to meet our capital expenditure plans, may include the incurrence of debt or the issue of equity or debt securities or a combination of both. Further, our budgeted resources may prove insufficient to meet our requirements which could drain our internal accruals or compel us to raise additional capital. If we are required to raise additional funds through the incurrence of debt, our interest and debt repayment obligations will increase, and could have a significant effect on our profitability and cash flows and we may be subject to additional covenants, which could limit our ability to access cash flows from operations. If we are unable to successfully utilise the facilities for which we have raised additional funds, it will have adverse effect on our business. Further, any issuance of equity, on the other hand, would result in a dilution of your shareholding. 

In many cases, a significant amount of our working capital is required to finance the purchase of materials and the performance of manufacturing and other work before payment is received from customers. Our working capital requirements may increase if the payment terms in our agreements include reduced advance payments or longer payment schedules. These factors may result, or have resulted, in increases in the amount of, our receivables, short-term borrowings and the cost of availing such working capital funding. Additionally, our inability to obtain adequate amount of working capital at such terms which are favourable to us and in a timely manner or at all may also have an adverse effect on our financial condition. Continued increases in our working capital requirements may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

31. **_Our joint venture partner may not perform its obligations satisfactorily and its interests may differ from ours, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

36 

We currently have a joint venture and may continue to pursue strategic alliances in the future. See “ **_Business_** ” and “ **_History and Certain Corporate Matters_** ” on pages 167 and 193, respectively. The success of our business collaborations depends significantly on the satisfactory performance by our joint venture partner of its contractual and other obligations. As we do not control our joint venture partner, we face the risk that it may not perform its obligations. If it fails to perform its obligations satisfactorily, we may be unable to successfully carry out our operations. In such a circumstance, we may be required to make additional investments or become liable for our partner’s obligations, which could result in reduced profits or, in some cases, significant losses. Our collaborations may face difficulties in its operations due to a variety of circumstances, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If the interests of our partner conflict with our interests, this, and other factors may cause our joint venture partner to act in a manner that is contrary to our interests, or otherwise be unwilling to fulfil their obligations under our arrangements with them. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and reputation. 

32. **_Some of our manufacturing facilities are operated on industrial land allotted to us by industrial development corporations. Failure to comply with the conditions of use of such land could result in an adverse impact on our business and financial condition._** 

We own and operate 12 strategically located manufacturing facilities across seven cities in India, out of which three facilities are operated on industrial land allotted by the state-owned Industrial Development Corporations (“ **IDCs** ”). Under the terms of allotment of such lands, we are required to comply with certain ongoing conditions, including achieving the investment commitment set out in the project report, adhering to the timelines for completion of setting up of the manufacturing facility, and commencement of manufacturing activity. If we fail to meet any such conditions, we may be required to incur additional liability. Further, according to the statutory rules under which the IDCs function, IDCs also retain the power to cancel allotment of land in the event of breach of any rules of allotment. Though none of the leases that we have entered into with IDCs are expiring in the next five years from the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, we cannot assure you that we will be able to renew such leases as and when they expire. 

We have in the past sought time extensions to commence production for one of our manufacturing facilities at Sriperumbudur, near Chennai, for which the extension was granted. 

As we are constantly looking to expand our business, we will be required to enter into arrangements with IDCs and other third parties to secure land for setting up new manufacturing facilities or expanding existing ones. However, there are several factors and variables such as delay in receipt of confirmed orders from our customers, inability to arrange for manpower, inability to raise debt for unforeseen increases in project outlays and delay in securing requisite licenses and approvals which could delay the completion of the manufacturing facility beyond the timeline agreed upon with the IDC or other third parties. In such an event, we are subject to the risk of paying a premium or, even, the cancellation of land allotment. Cancellation of land allotment could have an impact on our financial condition on account of the capital invested on a facility being blocked without any returns while we continue to service the cost of the capital raised which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 

33. **_Certain of our immovable properties, including our registered and corporate office and where some of our manufacturing facilities are located, are leased. If we are unable to renew existing leases or relocate our operations on commercially reasonable terms, there may be an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operations._** 

Our registered and corporate office and certain of our manufacturing facilities are on leasehold basis from certain third parties. For details of our registered and corporate office and our manufacturing facilities, see “ **_Business – Property_** ” on page 186. The leases for some of these premises are long-term lease agreements. If we are unable to renew certain or all of these leases on commercially reasonable terms, we may suffer a disruption in our operations or be unable to continue to operate from those locations in the future (and may, to that extent, need to revise our raw material sourcing, product manufacturing and raw material and product inventory schedules and/or incur significant costs to relocate or expand our operations elsewhere in order to continue to honour our commitments to our customers). In addition, the terms of certain of our leases require us to obtain the lessor's prior consent for certain actions (including making significant structural alterations to the factory building, which may be required if we were to undertake a significant expansion in the future, or for undertaking a corporate restructuring 

37 

or to sublet, transfer, assign, charge or mortgage such properties). In the event that any lease agreement is not renewed, we will be required to expend time and financial resources to locate suitable land to set up new warehouses, which may adversely affect our financial condition. Further, if the vacated property is leased or sold to a competitor, we may also face increased competition in that geographic area which could adversely affect our market share and revenues. 

# 34. **_We are dependent on third party transportation for the delivery of raw materials and finished products and any disruption in their operations or a decrease in the quality of their services could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our success depends on the smooth supply and transportation of the various raw materials required for our various manufacturing facilities which is subject to various uncertainties and risks and finished products. We use third party transportation providers for the supply of most of our raw materials. Transportation strikes have had in the past and could again have in the future, an adverse effect on supplies from our suppliers. In addition, raw materials and finished products maybe lost or damaged in transit for various reasons including occurrence of accidents or natural disasters. There may also be delay in delivery of raw materials and finished products which may also affect our business and results of operation negatively. A failure to maintain a continuous supply of raw materials could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Additionally, if we lose one or more of our transportation providers, we may not be able to obtain terms as favourable as those we receive from the third party transportation providers that we currently use, which in turn would increase our costs and thereby adversely affect our operating results. Further, if our transportation providers do not carry sufficient insurance coverage, any losses that may arise during the transportation process will have to be claimed under our insurance policies. There can be no assurance that we will receive compensation for any such claims in a timely manner or at all, and consequently, any such loss may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Disruptions of transportation services because of weather-related problems, strikes, inadequacies in the road or rail infrastructure, or other events could impair the ability of the third-party transportation providers to deliver us the raw materials and our finished products to our customers in a timely manner or at all. As a result, in the event there is any disruption in the supply of our raw materials and our finished products, performance of our business, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. 

35. **_Our sustained growth depends on our ability to attract and retain skilled and qualified manpower. Failure to attract and retain skilled and qualified manpower or to effectively manage our growth could adversely affect our business, and increased employee compensation costs could adversely affect our financial condition. Our operations are labour intensive and our manufacturing operations may be materially adversely affected by strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees or those of our suppliers._** 

Our ability to provide high-quality products and services and to manage the complexity of our business depends, in part, on our ability to retain and attract semi-skilled and skilled and qualified manpower in the areas of management, product engineering, design, manufacture, servicing, sales, information technology, and finance. Competition for such personnel is intense and the cost of retaining or replacing such personnel may affect our profitability. In addition, our strategies for growth have placed, and are expected to continue to place, increased demands on our management’s and employees’ skills and resources. 

Further, our manufacturing activities are labour intensive, requiring our management to undertake significant labour interface, and expose us to the risk of industrial action. As on October 31, 2020, we had a large workforce of 249 management staff, 1,383 permanent workmen, 737 apprentices, and 1,202 contract workmen. 

As on September 30, 2020, our employee benefit expenses was ₹ 569.45 million, constituting 10.67% of our revenue from operations. 

As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, we have no labour unions in any of our manufacturing facilities. However, there is no assurance that our employees will not unionize in the future. Further, while we have not experienced any strikes or labour unrest at any of our manufacturing 

38 

facilities in the past, we cannot assure you that we will not experience work disruptions in the future due to disputes or other problems with our work force. Any such event, at our current facilities or at any new facilities that we may commission or acquire in the future, may adversely affect our ability to operate our business and serve our customers, and impair our relationships with key customers and suppliers, which may adversely impact our business and financial condition. Any changes in the existing labour laws of the countries in which we operate may increase our labour cost and may also increase time spent by our management in labour related matters, which could impact our business and results of operations. If labour laws become more stringent or are more strictly enforced, it may become difficult for us to maintain flexible human resource policies, discharge employees or downsize, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

# 36. **_We depend on our senior management, Key Managerial Personnel and persons with technical expertise for our business and future growth. If we are unable to attract or retain key executives or Key Managerial Personnel, our operations may be adversely affected._** 

Our future performance would depend on the continued service of our senior management, Key Managerial Personnel, persons with technical expertise, and the loss of any senior employee and the inability to find an adequate replacement may impair our relationship with key customers and our level of technical expertise, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In particular, we rely on the experience and business relationships of our Promoter, Chairman and Managing Director, Srinivasan Ravi, our Key Managerial Personnel, and other business heads, unit heads and functional heads. Should their involvement in our business reduce, or should our relationship with these persons deteriorate for any reason in the future, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. For details of our management and Key Managerial Personnel, see “ **_Management – Key Managerial Personnel_** ” on page 215. 

Failure to hire or retain key managerial personnel could adversely affect our business and result of operations. 

# 37. **_If we inadvertently infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

While we take care to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of others, we cannot determine with certainty as to whether we are infringing on any existing third-party intellectual property rights, which may force us to alter our technologies, obtain licences or cease some of our operations. We may also be susceptible to claims from third parties asserting infringement and other related claims. If claims or actions are asserted against us, we may be required to obtain a licence, modify our existing technology or cease the use of such technology and design a new non-infringing technology. Such licences or design modifications can be extremely costly. Further, necessary licences may not be available to us on satisfactory terms, if at all. In addition, we may decide to settle a claim or action against us, which settlement could be costly. We may also be liable for any past infringement. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition, in certain cases, our customers share their intellectual property rights in the course of the product development process that we carry out for them. We are bound by confidentiality obligations under our non-disclosure agreements with our customers to protect their intellectual property, including in relation to technical data such as product designs and drawings that may have been shared with us by our customers. An inadvertent breach or any misuse of intellectual property or proprietary data by any of our employees or sub-contractors may expose us to expensive infringement claims and may diminish our goodwill and reputation among our customers, suppliers, lenders, investors and the public, making it difficult for us to operate our business and compete effectively. 

# 38. **_Our ability to access capital depends on our credit ratings. Any downgrade of our credit ratings may restrict our access to capital and thereby adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

The cost and availability of capital is dependent, among other factors, on our short-term and long-term credit ratings. Ratings reflect a rating agency’s opinion of our financial strength, operating performance, strategic position, and ability to meet our obligations. Our loan facilities are rated by CRISIL as BBB +/Stable for long term loans and A2 for short term loans. Any future performance issues by us or the industry may result in a downgrade of our credit ratings, which may in turn lead to an increase in our 

39 

borrowing costs and constrain our access to funds and debt markets and, as a result, may adversely affect our business growth. In addition, any downgrade of our credit ratings could result in default under our financing arrangements or lenders imposing additional terms and conditions in any future financing or refinancing arrangements in the future. Any such adverse development may adversely affect our business operations, future financial performance and the price of our Equity Shares. 

# 39. **_We are subject to various risks associated with the overseas markets in which we may operate, including but not limited to foreign currency and tax. These risks may have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We have substantial exports, currently across 10 countries, including USA and Japan. We generated ₹ 642.11 million, ₹ 1,393.23 million, ₹ 1,619.62 million and ₹ 1,275.09 million, as export sales as on September 30, 2020 and for Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, which represented 12.03%, 9.34%, 8.91% and 8.44% of our revenue from operations for the respective periods. Our international operations, including in any markets in which we may operate, are subject to risks that are specific to each country and region in which we operate as well as risks associated with international operations in general. Our international procurements and exports are subject to, among other risks and uncertainties, the following: 

- Adverse weather conditions, social, economic and geopolitical conditions, such as natural disasters, civil disturbance, terrorist attacks, war or other military action would affect our business and operations. 

- Compliance with local laws, including legal constraints on ownership and corporate structure, environmental, health, safety, labour and accounting laws, may impose onerous and expensive obligations on our Subsidiary. If we are unable to comply with such laws, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

- Changes in foreign laws, regulations and policies, including restrictions on trade, import and export licence requirements, and tariffs and taxes, intellectual property enforcement issues as well as changes in policies relating to foreign trade and investment, may affect our ability to operate and the way in which we manage our business in the countries in which we operate. 

- Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates against the Indian Rupee, which can affect our results of operations, the value of our foreign assets, the relative prices at which we and foreign competitors sell products in the same markets and the cost of certain inventory and noninventory items required in our operations. For instance, fluctuation of the Indian Rupee, USD, Euros, JPY and SGD would have an impact on the export revenues and profits of our operations. 

Any of these risks could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

40. **_In the event we are unable to meet our export obligations in full, we may be liable to pay duty proportionate to unfulfilled obligations along with interest. We currently avail benefits under the EPCG licenses. In order to continuously avail the benefits we are required to export goods of a defined amount. Any failure in meeting the obligations, may result in adversely affect our business operations and our financial condition._** 

Pursuant to our EPCG licenses, we are required to export goods of a defined amount, failing which we may have to pay the Government, a sum equivalent to the duty benefit enjoyed by us under the EPCG licenses along with interest. As of September 30, 2020, our pending obligation against the EPCG license is ₹ 189.55 million. Any reduction or withdrawal of benefits or our inability to meet any of the conditions prescribed under any of the schemes would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

41. **_Our quarterly results may fluctuate significantly, which could have a negative effect on the price of our Equity Shares._** 

Our quarterly results of operations may fluctuate significantly as a result of a variety of factors, including the seasonal nature of the segments in which we operate. For instance, our sales, operating profit and 

40 

cash flows have historically declined during the third quarter of each Fiscal, primarily due to a reduction in sales on account of reduced number of working days due to festivities and holidays in India, and a reduction in export sales due to festivities and holidays in such jurisdictions. As a result, our financial statements for consecutive quarters may not be directly comparable with each other. Moreover, any significant disruption in our operations or other factors that result in a significant shortfall compared with our expectations for the first or fourth quarter could, consequently, result in a significant shortfall in sales and operating cash flows for the full year. 

# 42. **_Our manufacturing facilities are subject to disruptions in or lack of basic infrastructure such as fuel and electricity, which could increase our manufacturing costs or interrupt our operations, which in turn may adversely impact our results of operations._** 

We own and operate 12 strategically located manufacturing facilities across seven cities in India. For a description of our manufacturing facilities, see “ **_Business - Manufacturing Facilities_** ” on page 182. Any disruptions at any or all of such manufacturing facilities would significantly impact our ability to manufacture certain products and may consequently delay production or require us to shut down our manufacturing facilities. We may be subject to manufacturing disruptions due to contraventions by us of any of the conditions of our regulatory approvals such as any norms prescribed by pollution control authorities. 

We require substantial power and fuel for our manufacturing facilities, and energy costs represent a significant portion of the production costs for our operations. For the six months ended September 30, 2020 and Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, our power and fuel costs was ₹ 297.39 million, ₹ 850.87 million, ₹ 966.38 million and ₹ 855.95 million, constituting 5.57%, 5.70%, 5.32% and 5.66%, respectively, of our revenue from operations. If power or fuel costs were to rise, or if their supply arrangements were disrupted, our profitability could decline. 

We source most of our electricity requirements for our manufacturing facilities from state electricity grids, power exchange and to a lesser extent from our group captive power arrangements in the State of Tamil Nadu and diesel generating sets for standby supply. If supply is not available for any reason, we will need to rely on diesel generating sets, which may not be able to consistently meet our requirements. The cost of electricity from diesel generating sets could be significantly higher, thereby adversely affecting our cost of production and profitability. Further, if for any reason such electricity is not available or we are unable to switch to alternate power source in a short time, we may need to shut down our plants until an adequate supply of electricity is restored. Interruptions of electricity supply can also result in production shutdowns, increased costs associated with restarting production, the loss of production in progress and delays in delivery schedules. 

Further, certain of our facilities are located near our OEM customers’ plants. In the event of a shutdown of the OEM plants, our cost of relocation or supply may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# 43. **_We may incur costs on account of relocating our manufacturing facilities in close proximity to the facilities of our OEM customers_** 

To serve our OEM customers effectively, we currently have certain manufacturing facilities which are located in close proximity to our customers’ facilities. Each of these facilities is located near the plants of the respective OEM customers that it caters to. If any of our customers’ facilities are moved from their current locations or shut down, we would incur costs associated with relocating our manufacturing facilities. Our contracts with our customers do not provide for compensation upon the occurrence of such events. In addition, expansion to meet our growth requirements is limited by availability of land and other location issues in certain of our existing manufacturing facilities. We are, and will continue to evaluate various location options for our expansion plans. We may also have to incur capital expenditure to meet such requirements. Costs associated with such changes may have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. 

44. **_We have entered into transactions with related parties. These or any future related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest and there can be no assurance that we could not have achieved better terms, had such arrangements been entered into with unrelated parties._** 

41 

We have entered into various transactions with related parties, including for purchase of goods and services, sale of goods and services, from time to time. We cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. It is likely that we may enter into related party transactions in the future. Although going forward, all material related party transactions that we may enter into, will be subject to the Board’s or Shareholders’ approval, as necessary under the Companies Act 2013 and the SEBI Listing Regulations, there can be no assurance that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations or that we could not have achieved more favourable terms if such transactions had not been entered into with related parties. Such related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. See “ **_Financial Statements – Restated Financial Information – Annexure VII –Note No. 43_** ” on page 278. These related party transactions entered into by us, were in compliance with the Companies Act. 

We cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will always be in the best interests of our minority Shareholders and will not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We cannot assure you that related party transactions could not have been made on more favourable terms with unrelated parties. Further, there is no assurance that our related party transactions in future would be on terms favourable to us when compared to similar transactions with unrelated or third parties or that our related party transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 

45. **_Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to protect us against all material risks. In the event of the occurrence of such events, our insurance coverage may not adequately protect us against a possible risk of loss._** 

Our principal types of coverage include among others, protection from fire, marine protection, special perils, burglary, product liability and employee insurance policies such as group personal accident policy, health insurance policy and workmen compensation policy. We cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. Additionally, in future, we may be required to bear increased premiums for our insurance to provide coverage for pandemics such as COVID-19. Our total insurance coverage was ₹ 29,425.38 million, which covers 100% of our total assets, as of September 30, 2020. 

To the extent that we suffer loss or damage, or successful assertion of one or more large claims against us for events for which we are not insured, or for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, or which is not covered by insurance, exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, financial performance and cash flows could be adversely affected. See “ **_Business - Insurance_** ” on page 185. 

46. **_The audit reports on our audited financial statements as at and for Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, the six months ended September 30, 2020, and the examination report on the Restated Financial Information contain certain emphases of matter and other remarks, which may affect our future financial results._** 

Under Indian Auditing Standards, statutory auditors may include an emphasis of matter in their audit opinion under certain circumstances, including when a company's financial records have not been maintained in accordance with Ind AS. 

The examination report issued by the Statutory Auditors on the Restated Financial Information contains an emphasis of matter on description of the impact assessment due to the COVID-19 pandemic and have stated that the impact of the global health pandemic may be different from those estimated as on date of the approval of the Restated Financial Information. The erstwhile auditors for our Company had also drawn attention in this regard in their audit report on the audited financial statements of our Company for Fiscal 2020. 

Further, the audit reports on the audited standalone financial statements of our Company for Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018 contain an emphasis of matter on regarding non‐impairment of investments in and loans 

42 

to the our Subsidiary, Craftsman Europe B.V. (formerly known as Craftsman Marine B.V.) in view of its future business plan and profitability. The erstwhile auditors have also placed reliance on an expert appointed by the Company in respect of mark to market valuation of derivative instruments, namely, principal only swaps, call option, interest rate swaps and interest rate collar. 

The opinions of the Statutory Auditors and the erstwhile auditors were not modified in respect of the matters mentioned above. There can be no assurance that our Statutory Auditors will not include such matters of emphasis or other similar comments in the audit reports to our audited financial statements in the future, or that such modification will not affect our financial results in future fiscal periods. There can be no assurance that our statutory auditors will not include such matters of emphasis or other similar comments in the audit reports to our audited financial statements in the future, or that such modification will not affect our financial results in future fiscal periods. Investors should consider these matters of emphasis and related remarks in evaluating our financial condition and results of operations. Any such modification in the auditors’ report on our financial statements in the future may also adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# 47. **_Fraud, theft, employee negligence or similar incidents may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our operations may be subject to incidents of theft or damage to inventory in transit and prior to or during godown stocking. The business may also encounter some inventory loss on account of employee theft, vendor fraud and general administrative error. While we have never experienced any such instance in the past, there can be no assurance that we will not experience any fraud, theft, employee negligence, security lapse, loss in transit or similar incidents in the future, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, losses due to theft, fire, breakage or damage caused by other casualties, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

# 48. **_Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our competitive position, business, financial condition and results of operation._** 

We have applied for the registrations for a number of trademarks in India, including certain key trademarks, which have been objected to, or rejected. See “ **_Business – Intellectual Property_** ” and “ **_Government and Other Approvals_** ” on pages 186 and 332, respectively. The use of our trademarks or logos by third parties could adversely affect our reputation, which could in turn adversely affect our business and results of operations. We may not be able to prevent infringement of our trademarks and a passing off action may not provide sufficient protection until such time that this registration is granted. 

If our trademarks or other intellectual property are improperly used, the value and reputation of our brands could be harmed. The measures we take to protect our intellectual property may not be adequate to prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties. Notwithstanding the precautions we take to protect our intellectual property rights, it is possible that third parties may copy or otherwise infringe upon our rights, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# 49. **_We are still awaiting certain approvals from various regulatory agencies and the delay or refusal of the grant of such approvals in future may significantly impact our business and strategy._** 

We require certain approvals, licences, registrations and permissions for operating our business, some of which may have expired and for which we may have either made, or are in the process of making, an application for obtaining the approval for its renewal. If we fail to obtain or retain any of these approvals or licences, or renewals thereof, in a timely manner, our business may be adversely affected. Further, our government approvals and licences are subject to numerous conditions, some of which are onerous and require us to make substantial compliance-related expenditure. Further, we cannot assure you that the approvals, licenses, registrations or permits issued to us will not be suspended or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. If we fail to comply or a regulator claims that we have not complied with these conditions, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. See “ **_Government and Other Approvals_** ” on page 332. 

43 

50. **_Compliance with, and changes in, safety, health and environmental laws and various labour, workplace and related laws and regulations including terms of approvals granted to us, may increase our compliance costs and as such adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are subject to a broad range of safety, health, environmental, labour, workplace and related laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, which impose controls on the disposal and storage of raw materials, noise emissions, air and water discharges on the storage, handling, discharge and disposal of chemicals, employee exposure to hazardous substances and other aspects of our operations. For example, the laws in India limit the amount of hazardous and pollutant discharge that our manufacturing facilities may release into the air and water. The discharge of substances that are chemical in nature or of other hazardous substances into the air, soil or water beyond these limits may cause us to be liable to regulatory bodies and incur costs to remedy the damage caused by such discharges. Any of the foregoing could subject us to litigation, which may increase our expenses in the event we are found liable, and could adversely affect our reputation. The Draft Environment Impact Assessment 2020 (“ **EIA 2020** ”) has been issued by the Ministry of Forest, Environment and Climate Change, which when notified, will supersede the Environment Impact Assessment 2006. The EIA 2020, among other things, also aims to strengthen the monitoring mechanism for compliance of conditions for prior environment clearance. We may be subject to stricter compliance requirements under the EIA 2020 for the facilities that we may setup in future and any such increased compliance may lead to increase in compliance cost and may adversely affect our business and financial conditions. 

The adoption of stricter health and safety laws and regulations, stricter interpretations of existing laws, increased governmental enforcement of laws or other developments in the future than that are prevailing as of now may require that we make additional capital expenditures, incur additional expenses or take other actions in order to remain compliant and maintain our current operations. Complying with, and changes in, these laws and regulations or terms of approval may increase our compliance costs and adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

We are also subject to the laws and regulations governing relationships with employees in such areas as minimum wage and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and termination of employees, contract labour and work permits. Our business is also subject to, among other things, the receipt of all required licenses, permits and authorizations including local land use permits, manufacturing permits, building and zoning permits, and environmental, health and safety permits. There is a risk that we may inadvertently fail to comply with such regulations, which could lead to enforced shutdowns and other sanctions imposed by the relevant authorities, as well as the withholding or delay in receipt of regulatory approvals for our new products. 

# 51. **_We have been unable to locate certain of our corporate records._** 

We are unable to locate certain of our corporate records with respect to certain transfer of equity shares to our Promoter in the past, and certain forms filed with the RoC, in respect of increase in the authorized share capital of our Company. These corporate records include share transfer forms in relation to acquisition of certain Equity Shares by our Promoter on March 20, 2007, share transfer forms in relation to acquisition of certain Equity Shares by one of the Selling Shareholders, Form 5 for the increase in the authorized share capital of our Company during Fiscal 1990 and the Form 23s for the Shareholders’ resolution for increase in the authorized share capital of our Company during Fiscal 1990 and Fiscal 1991. See “ **_Capital Structure – History of Equity Share Capital Build-up, Contribution and Lock-in of Promoter’s Shareholding_** ” and “ **_History and Certain Corporate Matters - Amendments to our Memorandum of Association_** ”on pages 69 and 194, respectively. While we have conducted a search of our records, at our Company’s offices as well as that of the RoC, we have not been able to trace the aforementioned corporate records. Accordingly, reliance has been placed on opinions obtained from third party independent source and confirmations provided by our Company and our Promoter in respect of the missing corporate records and appropriate disclosures have been made in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus pursuant to the due diligence of the other relevant corporate records available with our Company to ascertain the information sought from the missing corporate records. However, owing to the absence of such corporate records, we cannot assure that we will not be subject to risks arising from the unavailability of such corporate records. 

44 

52. **_We are subject to stringent labour laws or other industry standards and any strike, work stoppage or increased wage demand by our employees or any other kind of disputes with our employees could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We are subject to a number of stringent labour laws. India has stringent labour legislation that protects the interests of workers, including legislation that sets forth detailed procedures for dispute resolution and employee removal and legislation that imposes financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment. We are also subject to international, federal, state and local laws and regulations, in all jurisdictions where we have operations, governing our relationships with our employees, including those relating to minimum wage, overtime, working conditions, hiring and firing, non-discrimination, work permits and employee benefits. Further, in order to retain flexibility and control costs, we appoint independent contractors who, in turn, engage on-site contract labour to perform certain operations. Although we do not engage these labourers directly, in the event of default by any independent contractor, we may be held responsible for providing statutory benefits, including wages to these labourers if the independent contractors fail to do so. If we are required to pay the wages of the contracted employees, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. In addition, under the Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970, as amended, we may be required to absorb a number of such contract labourers as permanent employees. Thus, any such order from a regulatory body or court may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020 (enacted by the parliament of India and assented to by the President of India on September 28, 2020) will come into force on such date as may be notified in the official gazette. Once effective, it will subsume various legislations including the Factories Act, 1948 and the Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970. If there is any failure by us to comply with the new regime, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business. 

# 53. **_Failure or disruption of our IT systems may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

We have implemented various IT systems which covers key areas of our operations, procurement, inventory, sales and dispatch and accounting. For instance, we implemented Oracle E Business Suite in 2013 which encompasses all materials management, including procurement, bill of material, inventory finance and accounts and sales order and invoicing management. We significantly rely on our IT systems for the timely supply of our products to customers. 

These systems are potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of sources, which could result in an adverse effect on our operations. A large-scale IT malfunction could disrupt our business or lead to disclosure of, and unauthorised access to, sensitive Company information. Our ability to keep our business operating depends on the proper and efficient operation and functioning of various IT systems, which are susceptible to malfunctions and interruptions (including those due to equipment damage, power outages, computer viruses and a range of other hardware, software and network problems). Such malfunction or disruptions could cause economic losses for which we could be held liable. A failure of our information technology systems could also cause damage our reputation which could harm our business. Any of these developments, alone or in combination, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, unavailability of, or failure to retain, well trained employees capable of constantly servicing our IT systems may lead to inefficiency or disruption of IT systems thereby adversely affecting our ability to operate efficiently. 

Any failure or disruption in the operation of these systems or the loss of data due to such failure or disruption (including due to human error or sabotage) may affect our ability to plan, track, record and analyse work in progress and sales, process financial information, meet business objectives based on IT initiatives such as product life cycle management, manage our creditors, debtors, manage payables and inventory or otherwise conduct our normal business operations, which may increase our costs and otherwise materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

45 

# 54. **_Any unsecured loans, including the working capital loans taken by our Company and Subsidiary may be recalled at any time._** 

In case we avail of any unsecured loans, including working capital loans, some of them may be recalled at any time at the option of the lender. There can be no assurance that the lenders will not recall such borrowings or if we will be able to repay loans advanced to us in a timely manner or at all. In the event that any lender seeks a repayment of any such loan, we would need to find alternative sources of financing, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. As a result, if such unsecured loans are recalled at any time, it may impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# 55. **_Our Company is in the process of winding down its Singapore operations which may adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

The board of directors of our subsidiary, Craftsman Automation Singapore Pte. Ltd. at their meeting held on September 30, 2020 approved the declaration of solvency of Craftsman Automation Singapore Pte. Ltd. Accordingly, Craftsman Automation Singapore Pte. Ltd. has filed a declaration of solvency with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority, Singapore on September 30, 2020. The winding up of Craftsman Automation Singapore Pte. Ltd. is under process. We cannot assure you that winding down of our subsidiary, Craftsman Automation Singapore Pte. Ltd., will not adversely affect our business and results of operations and that in future, similar reasons or other reasons may lead to winding up of our other subsidiary in Netherlands. 

# 56. **_Our Company has made investments in Bhatia Coke & Energy Limited and such investments may not be recovered._** 

Our Company had made investments of ₹ 11.00 million in Bhatia Coke & Energy Limited, which is under the “Corporate Insolvency resolution process”. Further, the management of Bhatia Coke & Energy Limited has been taken over by an insolvency professional appointed by the National Company Law Tribunal, Division bench, Chennai, with effect from May 22, 2019. We have valued the investment made in Bhatia Coke & Energy Limited to ₹ Nil as of September 30, 2020. The fair value loss of ₹ 11.00 million has been recognised in the other comprehensive income for the period ended September 30, 2020. Any such instances where we are unable to recover our investments made by us will cause losses. 

# 57. **_Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants in our financing arrangements._** 

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our future earnings, cash flows, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditure, applicable Indian legal restrictions and other factors. Our Company does not have a formal dividend policy. The declaration and payment of dividends, if any, will be recommended by our Board and approved by the Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act 2013. There can be no assurance that we will pay dividends. We may decide to retain all of our earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business or conserve cash to cope with the disruption in our business operations due to COVID-19 pandemic and, therefore, may not declare dividends on our Equity Shares. Additionally, in the future, we may be restricted by the terms of our financing agreements in making dividend payments unless otherwise agreed with our lenders. See “ **_Dividend Policy_** ” and “ **_Financial Indebtedness_** ” on pages 223 and 324, respectively. 

# 58. **_Our Promoter has provided personal guarantees to certain loan facilities availed of by us, which if revoked may require alternative guarantees, repayment of amounts due or termination of the facilities, which in turn may adversely impact our cash flow, business and result of operations._** 

As on September 30, 2020, our Promoter has provided personal guarantees as security to secure some of our existing borrowings and may continue to provide such guarantees post consummation of the Offer. In case of a default under our loan agreements, any of the personal guarantees provided by our Promoter may be invoked and/or the security may also be enforced, which could negatively impact the reputation and net worth of our Promoter. In addition, our Promoter may be required to liquidate his shareholding in our Company to settle the claims of the lenders, thereby diluting his shareholding in our Company. 

46 

Lenders for such facilities may require alternate guarantees, repayment of amounts outstanding under such facilities, or may even terminate such facilities. We may not be successful in procuring alternative guarantees satisfactory to the lenders, and as a result may need to repay outstanding amounts under such facilities or seek additional sources of capital, which may not be available on acceptable terms or at all and any such failure to raise additional capital could affect our operations and our financial condition. 

# 59. **_Our Promoter and Promoter Group will continue to retain control over our Company after completion of the Offer, which will allow them to influence the outcome of matters submitted for approval of our Shareholders._** 

The aggregate pre-Offer shareholding of our Promoter and Promoter Group, as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is 63.40% of the issued, subscribed and paid-up Equity Shares. Consequently, our Promoter and Promoter Group will continue to exercise significant control over us after completion of the Offer, including being able to control the composition of our Board of Directors and determine matters requiring Shareholders’ approval or approval of our Board of Directors. Our Promoter and Promoter Group may take or block actions with respect to our business, which may conflict with our interests or the interests of our minority Shareholders. By exercising their control, our Promoter and Promoter Group could delay, defer or cause a change of our control or a change in our capital structure, delay, defer or cause a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us, discourage or encourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us even if such actions may be beneficial for the Company. See “ **_Capital Structure_** ” on page 68. 

# 60. **_Our Promoter, Chairman and Managing Director, Srinivasan Ravi, holds Equity Shares in our Company and is therefore interested in our Company's performance in addition to his remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Our Promoter, Chairman and Managing Director, Srinivasan Ravi is interested in our Company to the extent of his shareholding in our Company and the dividend entitlement received from our Company, in addition to the normal remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses by our Company. We cannot assure you that our Promoter, Chairman and Managing Director, Srinivasan Ravi or any other interested Director in the future, would always exercise their rights as Shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. As a result, Srinivasan Ravi or any other interested Director in the future will continue to exercise significant control over our Company, including being able to control the composition of our Board of Directors and determine decisions requiring simple or special majority voting, and our other Shareholders may be unable to affect the outcome of such voting. Srinivasan Ravi or any other interested Director in the future may take or block actions with respect to our business, which may conflict with our best interests or the interests of other minority Shareholders, such as actions with respect to future capital raising or acquisitions. We cannot assure you that Srinivasan Ravi or any other interested Director in the future will always act to resolve any conflicts of interest in our favour, thereby adversely affecting our business and results of operations and prospects. See “ **_Capital Structure_** ” on page 68. 

# 61. **_This Draft Red Herring Prospectus contains certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other selected statistical information related to our operations and financial performance. These non-GAAP measures and statistical information may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across the manufacturing industry, and therefore may not be comparable with financial or statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other manufacturing companies._** 

Certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance have been included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. We compute and disclose such non-GAAP financial measures and such other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance as we consider such information to be useful measures of our business and financial performance, and because such measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and others to evaluate the operational performance of manufacturing companies, many of which provide such non-GAAP financial measures and other statistical and operational information when reporting their financial results. These non-GAAP financial measures and other statistical and other information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be comparable to financial measures and statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other manufacturing companies. 

47 

# 62. **_This Draft Red Herring Prospectus contains information from industry sources including the industry report commissioned from CRISIL Research. Prospective investors are advised not to place undue reliance on such information._** 

This Draft Red Herring Prospectus includes information derived from third party industry sources and from a report dated December 2020, titled “ _Studying the Automotive and Industrial Engineering Business in India_ ” prepared by CRISIL Research (the “ **CRISIL Report** ”) pursuant to an engagement with our Company. We commissioned the CRISIL Report. Neither we, nor the Promoter, nor Directors, nor any of the BRLMs, nor any other person connected with the Offer has verified the information in the CRISIL Report and other information under “ **_Industry Overview_** ” on page 95, and we cannot guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of any such information. Moreover, the industry sources including the CRISIL Report contains certain industry and market data, based on certain assumptions. 

Further, the reports use certain methodologies for market sizing and forecasting. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the markets in which we operate, and methodologies and assumptions vary widely among different industry sources. Such assumptions may change based on various factors. We cannot assure you that such assumptions are correct or will not change and, accordingly, our position in the market may differ from that presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Further, the CRISIL Report or any other industry data or sources are not recommendations to invest in our Company. Prospective investors are advised not to place undue reliance on the CRISIL Report or extracts thereof as included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, when making their investment decisions. See “ **_Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information and Market Data and Currency of Presentation_** ” and “ **_Industry Overview_** ” on pages 12 and 95, respectively. 

# 63. **_We have not incurred certain allocated portions of our profits towards corporate social responsibility (“CSR”) requirements under the Companies Act 2013._** 

The Companies Act 2013 stipulates the requirement of formulation of a corporate social responsibility policy and mandates our Board of Directors to ensure that our Company spends, in each Fiscal, at least two percent of the average net profits of our Company during the three immediately preceding Fiscals, in accordance with its CSR policy. For Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, while our Company has made profits and accordingly allocated certain portion of such profits towards CSR activities formulated under our CSR policy, our Company has not incurred the requisite portion of the expenditure towards such activities in Fiscals 2020 and 2018. The details with respect to the amount allocated towards CSR activities and our actual expenditure, during Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018 are set out below: 

|**Fiscal**|**Total amount allocated**|**Actual expenditure**|
|---|---|---|
||**(****_in ₹ million_) **|**(****_in ₹ million_) **|
|2020|13.40|8.90|
|2019|8.00|8.20|
|2018|9.40|9.20|



We endeavour to spend the amount allocated towards CSR activities and are in the process of identifying suitable projects for implementation of our CSR spending. During Fiscal, 2020, we could not spend the total amount allocated as certain amounts were allocated for promotion of education and preventive health care activities, construction of class rooms in the schools, etc. and the schools were closed due to COVID-19 lockdown. 

Further, in order to strengthen the enforcement framework in relation to the CSR spends made by the companies, certain amendments have been proposed to be included in the Companies Act 2013, which, once notified, will provide for, among other things, manner of dealing with the funds which remain unspent out of the total funds mandated to be spent towards CSR activities. The proposed amendment states that any unspent CSR spends is required to be transferred by our Company to a special account and such amount will be required to be spent by our Company in pursuance of its CSR policy within a period of three financial years from the date of such transfer. If our Company fails to do so, our Company is required to transfer the unspent CSR spends to a fund specified under and within the in the time stipulated under the Companies Act 2013. 

48 

We may be subject to imposition of notices or penalties under the Companies Act 2013 from the Ministry of Corporates Affairs, Government of India for non-compliance with the requirement to incur prescribed expenditure towards CSR activities in previous Fiscals, which could adversely affect our reputation and business. 

# **External risk factors** 

# 64. **_The cyclical and seasonal nature of automotive sales and production can adversely affect our business._** 

The automobile industry has witnessed substantial changes in recent years, including, among others, continued consolidation, outsourcing, decreasing profit margins in certain segments, regulatory, shifts in production to low-cost manufacturing centres and technological changes. 

Our Automotive - Powertrain and Others and Automotive - Aluminium Products segments are directly related to our customers’ vehicle sales and production levels across various segments. Automotive sales and production are highly cyclical and depend on general economic conditions and other factors, including consumer spending and preferences as well as changes in interest rate levels, consumer confidence and fuel costs. For example, the recent growth in sales of electric vehicles, which is currently more prevalent for personal vehicles, may shift towards commercial vehicles as well, thereby directly impacting our Automotive - Powertrain and Others and Automotive - Aluminium Products segments. Our sales are also affected by inventory levels and production levels of automotive manufacturers. We cannot predict when manufacturers will decide to either build or reduce inventory levels or whether new inventory levels will approximate historical inventory levels. This may result in variability in our sales and financial condition. Uncertainty regarding inventory levels may be exacerbated by favourable consumer financing programs initiated by manufacturers, which may accelerate sales that would otherwise occur in future periods. In the past, we have experienced sales declines during the manufacturers’ scheduled shutdowns or shutdowns resulting from unforeseen events. As we have high fixed production costs, even relatively modest declines in our customers’ production levels and thus, our production volumes, can have a significant adverse impact on our profitability. In addition, lower global automotive sales during the global financial crisis resulted in substantially all automotive manufacturers lowering vehicle production schedules. There is no assurance that global automotive sales will continue to recover or not decrease further. Continued uncertainty and other unexpected fluctuations could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The automobile industry is also subject to seasonal characteristics. Generally, demand for our products and aftermarket services increases during the automotive industry’s spring selling season and decreases during the third quarter of each year due to the impact of scheduled OEM customer plant shutdowns in the summer for vacations and changeovers in production lines for new model years. Our customers may also suddenly increase their request for component volumes, which could cause lead time problems and lead to loss of revenue for our customers if we are unable to meet their demands. As a result our relationship with our customers may be impacted and our projects’ sales may be adversely affected and result in loss of revenue and reduced margins. Any cancellation or delay in production could have an adverse effect on our sales projections and profitability. 

In addition, the automotive component industry is sensitive to other factors beyond our control such as technological changes, cyclicality and unforeseen events, including political instability, recession, inflation, further volatility in fuel prices and other adverse occurrences. Any such event that results in decreased demand in the automotive industry, or increased pressure on automobile manufacturers to develop, implement and maintain in-house automotive component facilities, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

65. **_Political, economic or other factors including but not limited to any changes in laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties that are beyond our control may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

The following external risks may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, should any of them materialize: 

- increase in interest rates may adversely impact our access to capital and increase our borrowing costs, which may constrain our ability to grow our business and operate profitably; 

49 

   - the Indian economy has had sustained periods of high inflation in the recent past. High rates of inflation may increase our employee costs and decrease demand for our products and services, which may have an adverse effect on our profitability and competitive advantage, to the extent that we are unable to pass on increased employee costs by increasing cost of our products and services; 

   - a downgrade of India’s sovereign rating by international credit rating agencies may adversely impact our access to capital and increase our borrowing costs, which may constrain our ability to grow our business and operate profitably; 

   - a change in the trade policies, in terms of tariff and non-tariff barriers, in the countries from which we import raw materials and to which we export our products, may have an adverse effect on our profitability; 

   - a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves may affect liquidity and interest rates in the Indian economy as well as the valuation of the Indian Rupee, which may adversely impact our financial condition; 

   - political instability, resulting from a change in government or in economic and fiscal policies, may adversely affect economic conditions in India; 

   - the occurrence of natural or man-made disaster or epidemic or pandemic such as COVID-19 may adversely affect economic conditions in India; 

   - civil unrest, acts of violence, terrorist attacks, regional conflicts or situations or war may adversely affect the financial markets, which may impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows; and 

   - changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of corporate and tax laws, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. For example, the Government of India implemented a comprehensive national goods and services tax (“ **GST** ”) regime with effect from July 1, 2017 that combines multiple taxes and levies by the Central and State Governments into a unified tax structure. 

66. **_We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and the value of the Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

While our principal revenues are in the Indian Rupee, we are exposed to exchange rate fluctuations, particularly in USD, Euro, SGD and JPY owing to our import of some raw materials such as aluminium ingots and export sales. Such foreign currency risk in relation to our raw material imports and export sales may be hedged, however, there can be no assurance that our aforesaid measures will enable us to avoid the effect of any adverse fluctuations in the value of the Indian Rupee against other relevant foreign currencies. Further, depreciation in the value of the Indian Rupee against such other currencies could increase the Indian Rupee cost of purchasing raw materials or equipment. 

Further, on listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Equity Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the trading price of our Equity Shares and returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

67. **_Our Company has prepared financial statements under Ind AS. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles._** 

50 

Our financial statements, including the financial statements provided in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, have been prepared in accordance with Ind AS (including the Ind AS 116) and the Companies Act 2013 and restated in accordance with SEBI ICDR Regulations. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of IFRS, U.S. GAAP or any other system of accounting principles on the financial data included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of IFRS, U.S. GAAP or any other accounting principles. IFRS and U.S. GAAP differ in certain respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the Ind AS financial statements included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Ind AS. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited. In addition, some of our competitors may not present their financial statements in accordance with Ind AS and their financial statements may not be directly comparable to ours, and therefore reliance should accordingly be limited. 

# 68. **_EBITDA presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is not in accordance with Ind AS._** 

EBITDA presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is a supplemental measure of our performance and liquidity that is not required by, or presented in accordance with Ind AS. Furthermore, EBITDA is not a measurement of our financial performance or liquidity and should not be considered as an alternative to net profit/ loss, revenue from operations or any other performance measures or as an alternative to cash flow from operations or as a measure of our liquidity. In addition, EBITDA is not a standardised term, hence a direct comparison of EBITDA between companies may not be possible. Other companies may calculate EBITDA differently from us, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. 

# **Risks related to the Offer and the Equity Shares** 

# 69. **_The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company and the Investor Selling Shareholders, in consultation with the BRLMs, and through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ **_Basis for Offer Price_** ” on page 86 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that you will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

# 70. **_QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after Bid/Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Similarly, Retail Individual Investors can revise or withdraw their Bids at any time during the Bid/Offer Period and until the Bid/Offer Closing Date, but not thereafter. Therefore, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors will not be able to withdraw or lower their Bids following adverse developments in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations or otherwise at any stage after the submission of their Bids. 

# 71. **_After the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop, which may mean you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

The price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate after this Offer as a result of several factors, including volatility in the Indian and global securities markets, the results of our operations, the performance of our competitors, developments in the Automotive - Powertrain and Others, Automotive - Aluminium Products and Industrial and Engineering segments and changing perceptions in the market about investments in general and our Company in particular, adverse media reports on us or in the Automotive - Powertrain and Others, Automotive - Aluminium Products and Industrial and Engineering segments, 

51 

changes in the estimates of our performance or recommendations by financial analysts, significant developments in economic liberalisation and deregulation policies and significant developments in fiscal regulations. 

There has been no public market for the Equity Shares of our Company prior to this Offer and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop or be sustained after this Offer. Further, the price at which the Equity Shares are initially traded may not correspond to the prices at which the Equity Shares will trade in the market subsequent to this Offer. 

# 72. **_You may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company is generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for more than 12 months may be subject to long term capital gains tax in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as STT is paid, the quantum of gains and any available treaty exemptions. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of STT, on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

# 73. **_Any future issuance of Equity Shares may dilute your shareholding, and significant sales of Equity Shares by our major Shareholders, may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us or sales of our Equity Shares by our Promoter or other major Shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences for us including difficulty in raising debt-financing. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. 

# 74. **_You will not be able to sell any of the Equity Shares you purchase in the Offer on the Stock Exchanges until the Offer receives the appropriate trading approvals._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on BSE and NSE. Pursuant to Indian regulations, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant and listing is expected to commence within the period as may be prescribed under applicable law. We cannot assure that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods prescribed under law. 

# 75. **_The requirements of being a listed company may strain our resources._** 

The requirements of being a listed company may strain our resources. We are not a listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the SEBI Listing Regulations which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. Further, as a listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness 

52 

of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

# 76. **_Foreign investors are subject to foreign investment restrictions under Indian law, which may adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under the exchange control regulations currently in force in India, transfers of shares between nonresidents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions) if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements or falls under any of the exceptions specified by the RBI, then the approval of the RBI will be required for such transaction to be valid. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert the Indian Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India will require a no objection/tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authority. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other Indian government agency can be obtained on any particular terms, or at all. 

# 77. **_Foreign investors may have difficulty enforcing judgments against us or our management._** 

We are a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of India. All of our Directors and officers are Indian nationals and all or a significant portion of the assets of all of the Directors and officers and a substantial portion of our assets are located in India. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process outside India on us or on such directors or officers or to enforce judgments against them obtained from courts outside India, including judgments predicated on the civil liability provisions of foreign securities laws. 

U.S. and India do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments, other than arbitration awards, in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any federal or state court in the U.S. on civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the federal securities laws of the U.S., would not be enforceable in India. However, the party in whose favour such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the U.S. The suit must be brought in India within three years from the date of the judgment in the same manner as any other suit filed to enforce a civil liability in India. It is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Further, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce a foreign judgment if it viewed the amount of damages awarded as excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. A party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain approval from the Reserve Bank of India under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, to execute such a judgment or to repatriate any amount recovered. 

53 

