# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in the Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider risks described below as well as other information disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus before making an investment in the Equity Shares. Risks described in this section are those that we consider to be the most significant to our business, results of operations and financial condition as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. Risks set out in this section may not be exhaustive and additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or which we currently deem to be immaterial, may arise or may become material in the future. If any or a combination of the following risks or other risks that are not currently known or are now deemed immaterial actually occur, our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition could suffer, the trading price of the Equity Shares could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. Unless specified in the relevant risk factor below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial implication of any of the risks mentioned below. Any potential investor in the Equity Shares should pay particular attention to the fact that we are subject to a regulatory environment in India which may differ significantly from that in other jurisdictions. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and the terms of the Offer, including merits and risks involved. Prospective investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. For further details, see “Our Business” on page 181, “Industry Overview” on page 136, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on page 293, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For details, see “ForwardLooking Statements” on page 28._ 

_Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information used in this section is derived from our Restated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

# **INTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

**1.** **_Our business is largely dependent on contracts from the GoI and associated entities including defence public sector undertakings and government organizations involved in space research. A decline or reprioritisation of the Indian defence or space budget, reduction in orders, termination of existing contracts, delay of existing or anticipated contracts or programmes or any adverse change in the GoI’s defence or space related policies may have a material adverse impact on our business._** 

We are among the few vertically integrated defence and aerospace electronics solutions provider catering to the indigenously developed defence products industry. We offer products catering to the entire spectrum of defence and aerospace platforms such as space, air, land and sea. 

Consequently, our business is dependent on projects and programmes undertaken by GoI and associated entities, such as defence public sector undertakings and government organizations involved in space research (collectively, the “ **GoI Entities** ”). We derived ₹ 107.81 million, ₹ 234.29 million, ₹ 1,177.60 million, ₹ 573.00 million and ₹ 630.42 million amounting to 11.18%, 52.68%, 52.58%, 36.71%, and 48.10% of our total sales during the six months ended September 30, 2021, the six months ended September 30, 2020, Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019 respectively, from sales made to the GoI Entities. 

Further, our contracts depend upon the continuing availability of budgets extended to the Ministry of Defence (“ **MoD** ”) and the Department of Space (“ **DoS** ”). The Indian defence spending has been steadily increasing since 2000 and is estimated to be $ 72.9 billion in 2020. ISRO revenue expenditure has also been increasing since Fiscal 2017 from $ 1,396.87 million to $ 1,865.83 million in Fiscal 2019 and is forecasted to grow to $ 2,085.68 million by Fiscal 2025. ( _Source: Company Commissioned F&S Report_ ) While there has been an increase in the total defence and space allocations by the GoI over a period of time, the level of defence and space spending and changes in the tax policies by the GoI in the future are difficult to predict and may be impacted by numerous factors such as the evolving nature of the national security concerns, foreign policy, domestic political environment and macroeconomic conditions. The GoI’s defence or space related policies will have a material impact on our business. 

Given that we derive a significant portion of our total sales from contracts with GOI Entities and that we will continue to cater to GOI Entities, we are exposed to various risks inherent in doing business with GOI Entities. These risks include participation in GOI Entities contracts could subject us to stricter regulatory requirements which may increase our compliance costs; GOI Entities tenders are awarded to the lowest bidder that meets the technical conditions of the tender, which makes winning GOI Entities tenders difficult. In addition, if we have 

34 

**2.** 

to lower our pricing in order to win tenders, it would exert pressure on our margins; the tender process is long and may be subject to significant delays; terms and conditions of GOI Entities contracts, including requests for proposals and tenders tend to be more onerous and are often more difficult to negotiate than those for other commercial contracts; and GOI Entities contracts may not include a cap on direct or consequential damages, which could cause us to assume additional risks and incur additional expenses in servicing these contracts. 

A decline or reprioritisation of the Indian defence or space budget, reduction in orders, termination of existing contracts, delay of existing or anticipated contracts or programmes or any adverse change in the GoI Entities’ defence or space requirements and geo-political circumstances, may have a material adverse impact on our business and profitability. 

**_We depend on a limited number of customers such as DRDO Defence PSUs such as MoD, BrahMos Aerospace and the Indian government space organization for a significant portion of our revenue. The loss of any of our major customers due to any adverse development or significant reduction in business from our major customers may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects_** 

We have in the past derived, and we may continue to derive, a significant portion of our revenue from limited number of customers such as DRDO and other government and private agencies. As per our Restated Financial Statements, our revenue from our top five customers is as follows: 

## **Six months ended September 30, 2021** 

|**Type of**<br>**Entity**|**Customer Name**|**Amount (₹ in million)**|**Contribution to**<br>**total revenue**<br>**(%)**|
|---|---|---|---|
|Public Limited|Electronics Corporation Of India Ltd|598.35|61.58%|
|Public Limited|Hindustan Aeronautics Limited|84.76|8.72%|
|Export|Customer 2|69.21|7.12%|
|Private<br>Limited|BrahMos Aerospace Private Limited|58.74|6.05%|
|Government|Defence Electronics Applications Lab, DRDO|51.74|5.32%|
||**Total**|**862.80**|**88.79%**|



|**Six months ende**|**d September 30, 2020**|||
|---|---|---|---|
|**Type of**<br>**Entity**|**Customer Name**|**Amount (₹ in million)**|**Contribution to**<br>**total revenue**<br>**(%)**|
|Government|Customer 3|93.77|20.43%|
|Export|Customer 4|62.38|13.59%|
|Export|Customer 2|59.11|12.88%|
|Government|Defence<br>Electronics<br>Research<br>Laboratory,<br>DRDO|54.65|11.90%|
|Public Limited|Customer 5|50.39|10.97%|
||**Total**|**320.30**|**69.77%**|



|**Fiscal 2020**||||
|---|---|---|---|
|**Type of**<br>**Entity**|**Customer Name**|**Amount (₹ in million)**|**Contribution to**<br>**total revenue**<br>**(%)**|
|Private<br>Limited|BrahMos Aerospace Private Limited|849.93|53.06%|
|Government|Defence<br>Electronics<br>Research<br>Laboratory,<br>DRDO|216.96|13.54%|
|Government|Centre For Air Borne Systems, DRDO|110.27|6.88%|
|Government|Customer 1|106.36|6.64%|
|Export|Customer 2|89.98|5.62%|
||**Total**|**1,373.50**|**85.74%**|



35 

|**Fiscal 2019**<br>||||
|---|---|---|---|
|**Type of Entity**|**Customer Name**|**Amount (₹ in million)**|**Contribution to**<br>**total revenue**<br>**(%)**|
|Private Limited|BrahMos Aerospace Private Limited|373.94|28.22%|
|Government|Defence Research & Development Lab|183.93|13.88%|
|Government|Bharat Electronic Limited|135.17|10.20%|
|Government|Defence Avionics Research Establishment|131.10|9.89%|
|Government|Centre For Air Borne Systems,DRDO|91.96|6.94%|
||**Total**|**916.10**|**69.13%**|



As our business is currently concentrated with a select number of customers, any adverse development with such customers, including because of any dispute with, or disqualification by, such major customers, may result in us experiencing significant reduction in our cash flows and liquidity. If our customers are able to fulfil their requirements through any of our existing or new competitors, providing products with better quality and/or cheaper cost, we may lose significant portion of our business. Additionally, consolidation of any of our customers may also adversely affect our existing relationships and arrangements with such customers, and any of our customers that are acquired may cease to continue the businesses that require products manufactured by us. 

Further, in the event our major customers face any form of adverse effect due to exigent circumstances, resulting in a sustained decline in the demand for their products, including due to macroeconomic or geo-political factors affecting the economy in general, could in turn affect their demand for our products. The volume and timing of sales to our major customers may also adversely vary due to variation in: (i) delay in or cancellation of projects; (ii) niche choices of raw materials for our products manufactured; (iii) specific requirements; (iv) management of inventory levels; (v) manufacturing strategy; and (vi) growth strategy. Furthermore, we do not have firm commitment in the form of long-term supply agreements with our customers and instead rely on purchase orders and contracts for manufacture of specific products on a project basis to govern the volume and other terms of our sale of products. There can be no assurance that upon expiry of the contracts, our customers will re-enter into such agreements with us in a timely manner and at terms favourable to us or at all. Consequently, there is no commitment on the part of our major customers to continue to place new purchase orders with us and as a result, our cash flow and consequent revenue may fluctuate significantly from time to time. Further, we may not find any other customers for the surplus or excess capacity, in which case we may be forced to incur a loss. 

**3.** **_Any failure to comply with the provisions of the contracts entered with our customers, especially the GoI Entities, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial conditions and results of our operations. Additionally, imposition of liquidated damages and invocation of performance bank guarantees / indemnity bonds by our customers could impact our results of operations and we may face potential liabilities from lawsuits and claims by customers in the future._** 

The contracts entered with our customers, especially GoI Entities, contain onerous obligations and are subject to laws which give them certain rights and remedies including without limitation the following 

- terminate existing contracts for default, delays or force majeure conditions; 

- demand encashment of warranty indemnity bonds/advance bank guarantee; 

- reduce orders under, or otherwise modify, contracts or sub-contracts; 

- claim intellectual property rights in products and systems produced by us; and 

- control or prohibit the export of our products and services; 

In the event that our customers enforce any of the above provisions, it could have an adverse effect on our business operations, financial conditions and results of our operations. 

Apart from the above, most of the contracts with our customers require our Company to pay liquidated damages in the event of delay in delivery of products. For each of the six months ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 and Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019, we incurred amounts of ₹ 9.24 million, ₹ 6.46 million , ₹ 9.99 million, ₹ 14.84 million and ₹ 66.19 million towards liquidated damages. Our liquidated damages in Fiscal 2019 consisted of write-offs by us for certain prior period damages. For further details, refer to the section “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations_ ” on page 293. 

36 

We cannot assure you that, in the future, such contracts can be completed profitably or on terms that are commercially acceptable to us. Any time and/or cost overruns on our contract could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The incurring of such liabilities pursuant to the imposition of liquidated damages or the invocation of such performance bank guarantees and indemnity bonds in relation to our contracts could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operation, and financial condition. 

# **4.** **_We are subject to strict quality requirements, customer inspections and audits, and any failure to comply with quality standards may lead to cancellation of existing and future orders and could negatively impact our reputation and our business and results of operations and future prospects._** 

We have design capabilities across the entire spectrum of strategic defence and aerospace electronics solutions including processors, power, radio frequencies and microwave, embedded software and firmware and mechanical engineering. We believe our core competencies include electronic hardware design and development, software design and development, firmware design and development, mechanical design and development, product prototype design and development, functional testing and validation, environment testing and verification and engineering services. 

We believe, our capabilities across the spectrum of defence and aerospace electronics solutions from design to delivery allows us significant competitive benefits in terms of overall development time and cost and also allows us to offer competitive pricing when bidding for defence and aerospace projects. 

Therefore, we design, develop and manufacture complex and specialised products and systems for customers in defence and space sector based on specific requirements stipulated by them. Given the nature of our products and solutions, and the sector in which we operate, our customers typically have high standards for product quality and delivery schedules. Adherence to quality standards is a critical factor as a defect in products and solutions manufactured by our Company or failure to comply with the specifications of our customers may, in turn, lead to the manufacture of faulty end-products by our customer. This may lead to cancellation of supply orders or non-renewal of agreements by our customers and at certain instances may impose additional costs in the form of product liability and/or product recall. Further, any failure to make timely deliveries of products and solutions as per our customers’ requirements could result in cancellation or non-renewal of purchase orders and at certain instances may also result in us bearing additional financial exposure. 

We have put in place quality control procedures and processes to ensure that our products will be able to satisfy our customers’ quality standards. However, it is possible that our procedures and processes may fail to test for all possible conditions of use or identify all defects in the design, engineering or specifications of the components. For instance, in the Non-Conformance / Failure Analysis Report dated May 6, 2020 prepared for customer, BrahMos Aerospace, Hyderabad, certain failures were observed and corrections were recommended in relation to our peripheral control device. Any such failure to identify defects could require us to undertake service actions or component recalls. Any negative publicity regarding our Company, or our products could adversely affect our reputation, our operations and our results from operations. 

Prior to awarding us contracts, certain of our customers undertake a detailed review process, which involves inspection of our production facilities, review of our manufacturing processes, raw materials, technical review of the designs and specification of the proposed product and solutions, inspection and review of prototypes of the product and solutions. This extensive review process is generally periodic in nature and firm orders are placed only after the review process. The finished product delivered by us is further subject to validation by our customers upon delivery at their facilities. We are therefore subject to a stringent quality control mechanism at each stage of the manufacturing process and are required to maintain the quality and precision level for each product. In request for proposal from services (Army, Air Force and Navy), the customer carries out Technical Evaluation and subsequently Field Evaluation Trial is done on selected vendors before the commercial bid is opened. Site visits are also done in MOD contracts in addition to evaluation at the factory. In most of the services contracts, the product is accepted only after installation at the customer location. If customer site is not ready, then it will lead to delays in delivery and hence the payments and resulting cash flow issues. 

We typically provide a standard warranty period for our products, however in many cases we are required to provide a warranty period of 12 to 36 months, depending on the tender conditions, for new products from the date of delivery. Due to the length of the warranty period extended by us, we may be subject to claims from our customers and we may incur additional costs and additional warranty period if rectification work is required in order for us to satisfy our obligations during the warranty period. Though our past warranty cost obligation was relatively low, and we have provided for in our financials, we cannot assure that in future, our warranty obligations may continue to be low or would not require any provisions to be made to our financials. If the costs 

37 

of any rectification work exceed the warranty provisions, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. Further, to ensure minimal defects, we may be required to incur significant expenses to maintain our quality assurance systems, which may affect our financial condition. 

In certain cases, where our customers provide a warranty to their end users and incur warranty costs for nonconformity of their products to agreed specifications or standards, our supply arrangements with our customers typically allow us to review warranty claims in order to determine if the failure was caused by a manufacturing defect in our components. If it is determined that the failure was on account of a manufacturing defect in our components, we may be required to promptly correct or replace those defective components at our own expense, failing which we may be required to reimburse our customers at part acquisition cost, with additives to cover administrative, labour, material and other such costs. 

Further, our customers generally have the right to inspect and audit our facilities, processes and products after reasonable notice to ensure that our services are meeting their internal standards. Most of our customers routinely inspect and audit our facilities. If we fail to perform our services in accordance with best practices stipulated by our customers and/or our customers are dissatisfied with the quality of our facilities in any manner, our reputation could be harmed and our customers may terminate/modify their contractual arrangements and/ or refuse to renew their contractual arrangements or purchase orders. This may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 

# **5.** **_The loss, shutdown or slowdown of our Design and Engineering and manufacturing facility may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We have our Design and Engineering and manufacturing facility in an integrated 100,000 sq. ft. facility with a Design Centre and Manufacturing unit located at SIPCOT IT Park, Chennai. The two wings are well equipped for design, manufacturing, qualification and life cycle support of high reliability electronic systems used in aerospace and defence applications. Any significant interruption to, or loss or shutdown of, operations at any of our manufacturing facilities or Design and Engineering centres would adversely affect our business. 

If any of our facilities or centres are harmed or rendered inoperable by factors such as, including the breakdown or failure of equipment, difficulties or delays in obtaining raw materials, spare parts and equipment / machines, raw material shortages, performance below expected levels of output or efficiency, facility obsolescence or disrepair, natural or man-made disasters (including earthquakes, fire, floods, acts of terrorism and power outages) and industrial accidents, it may render it difficult or impossible for us to efficiently operate our business for some time, or require us to shut major part of our operations, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, result of operations and cash flows. For instance, our business operations were temporarily disrupted from end March 2020 on account of the temporary shutdown of the manufacturing facilities or Design and Engineering centres on account of the lockdown imposed by the central/state authorities to combat the spread of COVID-19. For further details, see “ _Risk Factors_ – _The continuing effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations is uncertain and cannot be predicted._ ” on page 39. 

# **6.** **_We may not qualify for or win bids to further expand our business, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

Our business and growth depend on our ability to qualify for and win bids undertaken by GoI Entities for awarding contracts. Our Company obtains a majority of its business through a competitive bidding process in which it competes for project awards based on, among other things, pricing, technical and technological expertise, reputation for quality, financing capabilities and track record. The bidding and selection process is affected by a number of factors, including factors which may be beyond our control, such as market conditions, project delays, scope adjustments, or external economic factors. Any increase in competition during the bidding process or reduction in our competitive capabilities could have a material adverse effect on our market share. 

In addition to meeting bid capacity requirements, we may also be required to pre-qualify for the orders involving GoI Entities such as in relation to background checks and prior experience of the bidders. However, we cannot assure that we shall always maintain our bid capacity and our pre-qualification capabilities, and that we shall be able to continually secure projects so as to enhance our business operations, financial performance and results of operations. Further, such pre-qualification criteria may also change from time to time. Our inability to fulfil and maintain the bid and pre- qualification capabilities may materially impact our operating revenue and profitability. 

There can be no assurance that our current or potential competitors will not offer products and solutions comparable or superior to those that we offer at the same or lower prices, adapt more quickly to industry 

38 

challenges, or expand their operations at a faster pace than we do. Increased competition may result in price reductions, reduced profit margins and loss of market share, thereby causing an adverse effect on our operations, prospects and financial condition. 

# **7.** **_The continuing effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations is uncertain and cannot be predicted_** 

In the year 2019, the disease caused by the “novel coronavirus”, commonly known as COVID-19 was first reported in Wuhan, China. Since then, the virus has progressively spread globally to many countries. The World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak as a health emergency of international concern on January 30, 2020 and thereafter categorised the outbreak as a pandemic on March 11, 2020. 

In order to contain the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, the GoI along with state governments declared a lockdown in India including severe travel and transport restrictions and a directive to all citizens to shelter in place, unless essential. The COVID-19 pandemic and associated responses have adversely affected, among other things, workforces, consumer sentiment, liquidity, economies, trade and financial markets around the world, including in India. The lockdown required private, commercial and industrial establishments to remain closed. As a result, our business operations were temporarily disrupted with effect from end March 2020 to May 2020 and May 2021 to end June, 2021. Though our manufacturing facility was functioning largely, our Design and Engineering centres and branch offices had to be shut down, pursuant to the directives from the central/local authorities which, in turn, impacted our ability to maintain continued operations resulting in some loss of productivity and cash flows. Further, since we do not maintain business interruption insurance (other than any interruptions caused due to fire), we will not be covered for any claims or damages arising out of such disruptions. 

Many of our employees were working remotely from May 10, 2021 to June 23, 2021. Heightened cybersecurity, information security and operational risks may result from these remote working arrangements. While we have already implemented a business continuity plan, we cannot assure you that such plans and safeguards will be effective during the ongoing COVID -19 pandemic. During the COVID-19 pandemic there has been an increased propagation of malware that could expose our employees and system to increased cybersecurity threats through phishing and other means. As the number of our employees working from unprotected home networks increases, there are a variety of threats that their devices are exposed to on their local home networks. Since many of our employees do not use a mobile computing device to carry out their jobs, we have provided them with hired mobile computing devices or allowed them to use their personal computing devices to access our network resources, exposing our network and systems to an increased risk of security breaches. Corporate devices also face increased risks of compromise due to a higher population of malware that is more prevalent on residential networks. We could be adversely affected if key personnel or a significant number of employees were to become unavailable due to the effects and restrictions imposed as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. If any of our employees were suspected of contracting COVID-19 or any other contagious disease, this could require us to quarantine some or all of these employees or disinfect the facilities used for our operations. In the event a member or members of our senior management team contract COVID-19, it may potentially affect our operations. Risks arising on account of COVID-19 can also threaten the safe operation of our facility, loss of life, injuries and impact the well-being of our employees. The spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices (including employee travel, employee work locations (including implementation of work from home regime for key executives, to the extent possible), and resumption of our operations within permissible limits) and we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners, and suppliers. There is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the outbreak, and our ability to perform critical functions could be harmed. 

Further, our Statutory Auditors have included emphasis of matters in their report on the financial statements for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, which describes the uncertainty relating to COVID-19 pandemic and its consequential effects on the affairs of the Company. For further details, see “ _Financial Statements_ ” beginning on page 247. The ultimate impact will depend on a number of factors, many of which are outside our control. These factors include the duration, severity and scope of the pandemic, the impact of the pandemic on economic activities in India and globally, the eventual level of infections in India or in the regions in which we operate, and the impact of any actions taken by governmental bodies or health organisations (whether mandatory or advisory) to combat the spread of the virus. These risks could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, in the event the number of infected cases of COVID-19 in India begins to rise again, there is no certainty if additional restrictions will be put back in place or if another lockdown would be re-imposed to control the 

39 

spread of the pandemic. Further, there is uncertainty regarding the scope, duration and efficacy of the GoI’s and state governments’ assurance to prevent the spread of COVID-19 or the economic disruption caused as a result. We cannot assure you that we will not face any difficulty in our operations due to such restrictions, and such prolonged instances of lockdown may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reputation and prospects. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there is significant uncertainty on the impact of COVID-19 on the global and Indian economy and we may not be able to accurately predict its near term or long term impact on our business. To the extent that the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in “ _External Risk Factors-Natural disasters, fires, epidemics, pandemics, acts of war, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other events could materially and adversely affect our business_ ” on page 59. 

# **8.** 

# **_We are subject to government regulations and if we fail to obtain, maintain or renew our statutory and regulatory licenses, permits and approvals required for our business, our results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected._** 

We are required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory licences, registrations, permits and approvals under central, state and local government rules in India, generally for carrying out our business and for our manufacturing facilities. In addition, we will need to apply for renewal of certain approvals, licenses, registrations and permits, which expire or seek new approvals, licenses, registrations and permits from time to time, as and when required in the ordinary course of our business. Obtaining licences, registrations, permits and approvals or their renewals are time consuming processes and subject to frequent delays. We have obtained a number of licences, registrations, permits and approvals from the relevant authorities and are renewing such statutory approvals periodically for the existing facility. Our approvals/NoC from State Industries Promotion Corporation of Tamil Nadu (“ **SIPCOT** ”), Department of Industrial Safety &Health **_,_** TN Fire & Rescue Services, Department of Public Health & Preventive Medicine and TN Pollution Control Board for Air and Water related to the expansion plans have been received to start and/or continue the construction of the new building planned by us. The Directorate of Town and Country Planning (“ **MLPA** ”) application is in the last stage of approval and pending receipt while the application to SIPCOT has been acknowledged and is being processed. 

We have also made applications to relevant authorities for updating the name of our Company in current registrations and approvals, pursuant to the Scheme of Amalgamation and conversion of our Company into a public company. These applications are being processed. 

There is no assurance that such licences, registrations, permits and approvals or renewals will be issued or granted to us or updated in a timely manner, or at all. If we do not receive such licences, registrations, permits and approvals or renewals in a timely manner, it could result in cost and time overrun or our business and operations may be adversely affected. Moreover, certain approvals granted to us by statutory authorities may be revoked at any point of time due to circumstances which may or may not be within our control and this could have an adverse impact on our business and operations. For further details, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies” and “Government and Other Approvals_ ” on pages 212 and 337, respectively. 

Our licences, registrations, permits and approvals are also subject to certain conditions, some of which may be onerous and require us to incur expenditure towards compliance with such conditions. We may also not be aware of certain approvals or permissions, which we may be required to maintain or acquire for undertaking our operations, under any new regulation or amended regulation made by any local or State Government. Any inability to obtain, maintain or renew licences, registrations, permits and approvals required for our operations may adversely affect continuity of our operations. 

Further, in order to sell our products, our products must be approved by government agencies in the countries in which we do business. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business are amended, it may reduce our revenues, increase costs, adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **9.** **_We have significant working capital requirements. If we experience insufficient cash flows from our operations or are unable to borrow to meet our working capital requirements, it may materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Our business requires significant working capital including in connection with our manufacturing operations, financing our inventory, purchase of raw materials and our development of new products which may be adversely affected by changes in terms of credit and payment. We are required to maintain a high level of working capital because our business activities are characterised by long product development periods and production cycles. Even where milestone payments are allowed, these have to be backed by bank guarantees. Delays in payment under on-going contracts or reduction of advance payments due to lower order intake or 

40 

inventory and work in progress increases and/or accelerated payments to suppliers, could adversely affect our working capital, lower our cash flows and materially increase the amount of working capital to be funded through external debt financings. 

We may also be unable to adequately finance our working capital requirements on account of various factors, including extraneous factors such as delay in disbursements under our financing arrangements, increased interest rates, insurance or other costs, or borrowing and lending restrictions or finance our working capital requirements on commercially acceptable terms or at all, each of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. These factors may result, or have resulted, in increase in the amount of our receivables and short-term borrowings. Continued increase in our working capital requirements may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

The actual amount and timing of our future capital requirements may differ from estimates as a result of, among other factors, unforeseen delays or cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, economic conditions, engineering design changes, technological changes and additional market developments. If we decide to raise additional funds through the incurrence of debt, our interest and debt repayment obligations will increase, and could have a significant effect on our profitability and cash flows and we may be subject to additional covenants, which could limit our ability to access cash flows from operations. 

# **10.** **_The amount of orders we have received in the past, our current order book and our growth rate may not be indicative of the number of orders we will receive in the future._** 

Our total order book amount for Fiscal 2019, Fiscal 2020, Fiscal 2021 and as at September 30, 2021 are ₹ 1,815.08 million, ₹ 5,855.45 million, ₹ 4,979.87 million and ₹ 5,812.98 million respectively. We prepare our order book on the basis of the work completed, the outstanding work and the time expected to complete the bids and contracts forming part of the order book. The order book may be materially impacted if the time taken or amount payable for completion of any ongoing order of our Company changes. The growth of our order book is a cumulative indication of the revenues that we expect to recognise in future periods in relation to signed contracts. Further, we cannot guarantee that the income anticipated in our order book will be realised, or, if realised, will be realised on time or result in profits. In addition, our order book depends on continued growth of the defence and space sector in India and our ability to remain competitive. Our existing order book and our growth rate may not be indicative of the number of orders we will receive or our growth in the future. 

Our order book only represents business that is considered firm, although this is subject to, among other things, cancellation or early termination or because of any breach of our contractual obligations, non -payment by our customers, delays in the initiation of our customers' projects, unanticipated variations or adjustments in the scope and schedule of our obligations for reasons outside our and our customers' control or change in budget appropriations which affect our customers. Accordingly, we cannot predict with certainty the extent to which a project forming part of our order book will be performed. Further, such delays in the completion of a project or cancellation of a project may lead to delays or refusal in payment of the applicable amount that we expect to be paid in respect of such project. Our clients may also be entitled to terminate the agreement in the event of delay in completion of the work if the delay is not on account of any of the agreed exceptions. In addition, where a project is concluded as scheduled, our client may delay, default or otherwise fail to pay amounts owed to us. Such payments often represent an important portion of the margin we expect to earn on a project. Further, any delay in execution of ongoing projects leading to extended timelines would also adversely impact our ability to undertake additional projects in future and the outlook of our order book. While none of our projects have been cancelled or terminated prematurely, there can be no assurance that our Company will receive any applicable termination payments in time or at all or that the amount paid will be adequate to enable our Company to recover its investments in the prematurely cancelled project. In such events, we may have to bear the actual costs for project activities incurred by us which may exceed the agreed work as a result of which, our future earnings may be lower from the amount of the order book and if any of the forgoing risks materialize, our cash flow position, revenues and earnings may be adversely affected. 

# **11.** **_If we are unable to manage our growth effectively, our business, future financial performance and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected._** 

The success of our business will depend greatly on our ability to effectively implement our business and growth strategy. As part of our growth strategy, we aim to, among other things, continue to grow our businesses as and when opportunities exist including by expansion of product portfolio with complex technology-based products, focusing on repeat large volume production orders, augmenting our Design and Engineering capabilities and expanding manufacturing infrastructure and focusing on increasing revenues by leveraging core competencies and grow our services business. For details, see “ _Our Business –Strategies_ ” on page 189. 

41 

This could place significant demands on our operational, credit, financial and other internal risk controls. In pursuing our growth strategy, we will require additional capital investments and cash outlays, which may have a material impact on our cash flows and results of operations. As our product portfolio and product pipeline grow, we may require additional personnel on our project management, in-house quality assurance and Design and Engineering teams to work with our partners on quality assurance, regulatory affairs and product development. As a result, our operating expenses and capital requirements may increase significantly. Our ability to manage our growth effectively requires us to forecast accurately our sales, growth and manufacturing capacity and to expend funds to improve our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. We may also be exposed to certain other risks, including difficulties arising from operating a larger and more complex organisation; the failure to (i) efficiently and optimally allocate management, technology and other resources across our organisation, (ii) compete effectively with competitors and (iii) increase our production capacity; the inability to control our costs; and unforeseen legal, regulatory, property, labour or other issues. 

Further, our future business plan is dependent on our ability to raise funds through debt or equity and we may have difficulty obtaining funding on acceptable terms or at all. Adverse developments in the Indian credit markets may significantly increase our debt service costs and the overall cost of our funds. Moreover, even if we secure the required funding, there is no assurance that we will be able to successfully expand our production capacity or diversify our product and solutions portfolio. We may also face difficulties in effectively implementing new technologies required in designing, developing and manufacturing new products and solutions and may not be able to recover our investments. An inability to implement our future business plan, manage our growth effectively or failure to secure the required funding on favourable terms or at all could have a material and adverse effect on our business, future financial performance and results of operations. For further details, please see “ _Internal Risk Factors_ - _We design, develop and manufacture products and solutions that incorporate advanced technologies. Many of our contracts contain performance obligations that require innovative design capabilities, are technologically complex or involve developmental costs._ ” on page 47. 

**12.** **_If we do not continue to innovate and further develop our business, or we are not able to keep pace with technological developments, we may not remain competitive and our business and results of operations could suffer._** 

Our operations rely heavily on the effectiveness of our products. To remain competitive, we must continue to stay abreast of the constantly evolving trends and to enhance and improve the responsiveness, functionality and features of our products, including cost to their end customers and compete, we must continue to invest resources in design and development to enhance our information technology and improve our existing services. The industry in which we operate is characterized by rapid technological evolution and changes in customer requirements, which could render our existing technologies and systems obsolete. There is a need to keep in pace with state-of-the-art technologies in defence sector in developed countries. 

Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to identify, develop, acquire or license leading technologies useful in our business, and respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices in a cost-effective and timely way. There can be no assurance that we will be able to use new technologies effectively or adapt technologies and systems to meet customer requirements or emerging industry standards. 

There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully implement our future strategy to continue to innovate. 

Further, the process of innovation and development requires that we make long-term investments and commit resources before knowing whether these investments will eventually result in businesses that achieve customer acceptance and generate the revenues required to provide desired returns. We carry only design and development of products and subsystems based on requirements from customers. As the development is carried out based on contracts received, the development expenses are written off as revenue expenses in the year in which the contract is completed. Accordingly, development expenses are not capitalised and accounted separately. Hence, no specific percentage of the total revenue can be attributable to design and development expenses. 

We may experience difficulties that could delay or hinder the successful development, introduction and marketing of products. There can be no assurance that such products will be readily accepted in the market, become commercially successful or that our competitors will not be able to produce similar products at a lower price than we can, which would have an adverse effect on our products’ competitive position. If we are unable to achieve the anticipated returns in such new growth areas, it could have a material adverse effect on our 

42 

business, results of operations and financial condition. For details, see “ _Our Business – Our Strategies_ ” on page 189. 

**13.** **_We could incur losses under our fixed price contracts as a result of cost overruns, delays in delivery or failures to meet contract specifications which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Most of our contracts are fixed-price contracts. All costs including labour and raw materials costs are forecasted by us when we enter such fixed-price contracts. In case of cost variances from such estimates, we are permitted to retain all cost savings on completed contracts but are liable for the full amount of all cost overruns. In the past, we have witnessed cost overruns in the case of some of our contracts and we may also continue to witness the same in the future. The actual costs incurred on a fixed-price contract may vary from our estimates due to factors such as: 

- unanticipated variations in labour and equipment productivity over the term contract; 

- • Unanticipated variations in Foreign Exchange 

- unanticipated increases in labour, raw material, sub-contracting and overhead costs; 

- delivery delays and corrective measures for poor workmanship; 

- equipment failures; 

- changes in the specifications provided by our customers; 

- obsolescence of any components; and 

- changes in testing requirements. 

We cannot assure you that these contracts, if secured, can be completed profitably. Significant cost overruns on our fixed price contracts could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. For example, our customers are able to charge liquidated damages for late delivery at a rate of 0.5% per day/ week of delay to a maximum of 5% to 10 % of the value of the undelivered portion of the contract. While we have not incurred any loss under fixed price contracts as a result of cost overruns, delays in delivery or failures to meet contract specifications in the last five fiscals and the six months ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, we have written off amounts incurred towards liquidated damages for late delivery levied by our customers, amounting to ₹ 9.24 million, ₹ 6.46 million , ₹ 9.99 million, ₹ 14.84 million ,₹ 66.19 million ,₹ 12.97 million and ₹ 0.09 million in the six months ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020, Fiscal 2019, Fiscal 2018 and Fiscal 2017, respectively. 

Depending on the size of the project, variations from estimated contract performance could significantly reduce our earnings, and could result in losses, during any quarter of a fiscal or entire fiscal. All of our fixed price contracts provide for liquidated damages for late delivery. In the past, we have been required to re-negotiate some of the terms, such as price, date of delivery, scope of work, due to a delay in delivery of the products owing to a combination of internal as well as external factors beyond our control. This may also have an impact on our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**14.** **_Our financing agreements impose certain restrictions on our operations, and our failure to comply with operational and financial covenants may adversely affect our reputation, business and financial condition._** 

As of November 20, 2021, our aggregate outstanding indebtedness was ₹ 622.48 million. Some debt financing agreements entered into by our Company contain restrictive covenants, and/or events of default that limit our ability to undertake certain types of transactions, which may adversely affect our business and financial condition. We are required to obtain prior consent from some of our lenders for, among other matters, to effect any change in the shareholding pattern of the Company and alter the constitutional documents. Moreover, our manufacturing facility and some of our plant and machinery at such facility have been offered as a collateral for some of our loans and our Promoters have also provided a personal guarantee in relation to our borrowings. Our financing agreements also require us to maintain certain financial ratios and it can be recalled by lenders in certain circumstances. If the lenders exercise their right to recall a loan, it could have an adverse effect on our or these companies’ reputation, business and financial position. For further details of the restrictive covenants under our financing documents, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” beginning on page 332. 

For the purposes of the Offer, our Company has intimated and has obtained necessary consent from its lenders, as is respectively required under the relevant facility documentation for undertaking activities in relation to this Offer including consequent actions, such as change in the capital structure, change in shareholding pattern of our Company, change in management, amendment to the Articles of Association of our Company, etc. For 

43 

details on “ _Objects - Details of the Objects of the Fresh Issue – Prepayment or repayment of all or a portion of certain outstanding borrowings availed by our Company_ ”, see page 115. 

We cannot assure you that we will have or will be able to comply with all such restrictive covenants in a timely manner or at all, or that we will be able to comply with all such restrictive covenants in the future. Any failure to comply with the conditions and covenants in our financing agreements that is not waived by our lenders or guarantors or otherwise cured could lead to discontinuation of our credit facilities or acceleration of all amounts due under such facilities, which could adversely affect our financial position and our ability to conduct and implement our business plans. 

If our future cash flows from operations and other capital resources are insufficient to pay our debt obligations or our contractual obligations, or to fund our other liquidity needs, we may be forced to sell assets or attempt to restructure or refinance our existing indebtedness. Our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets, our financial condition at such time and the terms of our other outstanding debt instruments. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. The terms of existing or future debt instruments may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives. In addition, any failure to make payments of interest or principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our creditworthiness or credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness on acceptable terms. Additionally, pursuant to the Offer, our Company proposes to utilise a part of the Net Proceeds and proceeds from the Pre-IPO Placement to carry out scheduled repayment or pre-payment of its existing indebtedness and in the event our Company pre-pays certain loans, it may be required to bear additional interest or additional bank fees or may require the consent of such lenders. For further details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” beginning on page 114. 

**15.** **_Pursuant to the credit facilities sanctioned by the State Bank of India, 12,521,025 Equity Shares of one of our Promoters, Srinivasagopalan Rangarajan aggregating to 26.20% of the paid-up capital of the Company have been pledged with State Bank of India. A breach by our Company of certain covenants under the financing agreements may compel the State bank of India to exercise its rights under the sanction letter and reduce the shareholding of our Promoter which may adversely affect our business._** 

Pursuant to the credit facilities sanctioned by the State Bank of India aggregating to ₹ 1,038.80 million, 12,521,025 Equity Shares of one of our Promoters, Srinivasagopalan Rangarajan aggregating to 26.20% of the paid-up capital of the Company have been pledged with State Bank of India. The details of these facilities are as follows: 

|**Sr.**<br>**No.**|**Name of the**<br>**lender**|**Nature of**<br>**borrowing**|**Purpose**|**Amount**<br>**sanctioned**<br>**(in ₹**<br>**million)**|**Principal**<br>**amount**<br>**outstanding**<br>**as**<br>**on**<br>**November**<br>**20, 2021**<br>**(in ₹**<br>**million)**|**Interest Rate**<br>**(% p.a.)**|**Repayment**<br>**schedule**|**Pre-payment**<br>**conditions/penalty**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Fund**|**Based Facility:**||||||||
|1|State Bank of<br>India|Working<br>capital|General<br>Corporate<br>Purpose|265.00|262.75|11%<br>(MCLR<br>+<br>4.05%)|On demand|NIL<br>and<br>2% of prepayment<br>amount pertaining<br>to<br>loan<br>with<br>sanction amount of<br>₹ 20 million|
|2<br>**Non-F**|State Bank of<br>India<br>**und Based Facility**|Government<br>Guaranteed<br>Covid Loan<br>**:**|Augment<br>networking<br>capital,<br>meeting<br>operating<br>liabilities<br>and<br>restart<br>operations<br>after lockdown|50.40|50.40|7.4%<br>(EBLR+0.75%<br>- Maximum of<br>9.25% during<br>tenor loan)|36 months<br>from<br>completion<br>of<br>moratorium<br>period|NIL<br>and<br>2% of prepayment<br>amount pertaining<br>to<br>loan<br>with<br>sanction amount of<br>₹ 21.60 million.|



44 

|3.|State Bank of<br>India|Non-fund<br>based<br>working<br>capital<br>limits|General<br>Corporate<br>Purpose|723.4|805.27|NA|On demand|N.A.|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|



The fund based working capital facilities, out of the total credit facilities, may be repaid or prepaid, in part or in full, from the proceeds of the Fresh Issue. For further details of these facilities, refer to the sections “ _Object of the Offer - Details of the Objects of the Fresh Issue – Prepayment or repayment of all or a portion of certain outstanding borrowings availed by our Company_ ” and “ _Financial Statements – Note 12 – Borrowings_ ” on pages 115 and 267, respectively. 

While this has not impacted our Promoter’s ability to meet the requirements toward minimum promoters’ contribution, any default under the financing agreements pursuant to which these securities have been pledged will entitle the State Bank of India, to enforce the pledge over these securities. If these pledges are enforced, the shareholding of our Promoter in our Company maybe reduced and we may face certain impediments in taking decisions and State Bank of India will be entitled to attend general meetings of our Company, and exercise voting rights in respect of the pledged Equity Shares. For further details on such loan agreements, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” beginning on page 82. As a result of the above, we may not be able to conduct our business or implement our strategies as currently planned, which may adversely affect our business, cash flows and prospects. 

# **16.** **_Our success depends significantly on our Promoters, Key Management Personnel and other senior management and skilled personnel. The loss of their services may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our performance depends largely on the efforts and abilities of our Promoters, Key Management Personnel, and other senior management and skilled personnel. We believe that their inputs and experience in the fields of, inter alia, design and development, project management, operations management and manufacturing technologies along with their past experience in the defence sector are valuable for the development of business and operations and the strategic steps taken by our Company. 

The average period of time the KMPs have been associated with our Company is approximately 20 years in engineering products and solutions for defence application. We are dependent on our Promoters to manage our current operations and to meet future business challenges. The active involvement of our Promoters in our operations, including the strategy, direction and customer relationships have been integral to our development and business. We cannot assure you that their services will continue to be available to us, or that we will be able to find a suitable replacement if required. Further, the successful completion of our projects, the day-to-day operations and the planning and execution of our business strategy depends significantly on our Key Management Personnel and other senior management and skilled personnel. Although we have initiated a structured training programme for the middle management executives, we cannot assure you that we will be able to adequately replace such skilled and experienced personnel. This may lead to a lack of domain expertise for key positions in our Company which may adversely affect our business. 

Moreover, our ability to execute projects depends on our ability to attract, train, motivate and retain senior management and skilled personnel due to the complex nature of our products. We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain these professionals or find adequate replacements in a timely manner, or at all. To the extent we lose such skilled personnel, we will be required to find ways to successfully manage the transfer of confidential information from them to their replacements. An inability to retain any key managerial personnel may impair our ability to bid on and obtain new projects and therefore will have an adverse effect on our operations. 

Furthermore, the loss of any of the members of our KMPs and other senior management and skilled personnel or an inability on our part to manage the attrition levels, may lead to loss of technical knowledge which may materially and adversely impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

45 

**17.** **_We intend to utilise a portion of the Net Proceeds and proceeds from the Pre-IPO Placement for our capital expenditure requirements and such funding requirements have not been appraised by any independent agency._** 

We intend to utilise a portion of the Net Proceeds and proceeds from the Pre-IPO Placement for funding our capital expenditure requirements which includes, our expansion programme estimated to be around ₹ 598.39 million _._ For details, see “ _Our Business - Strategies - Augmenting our Design and development capabilities and expanding manufacturing infrastructure_ ” on page 190. The purposes for which our Net Proceeds and proceeds from the Pre-IPO Placement will be utilised have not been appraised by any independent entity and are based on our estimates and third-party quotations. These estimates are based on current conditions and is subject to change in light of changes in external circumstances, costs, other financial conditions or business strategies and the passage of time. If we engage someone other than the identified third-party vendors from whom we have obtained quotations or if the quotations obtained expire, such vendor’s estimates and actual costs may differ from the current estimates. 

Our management will have broad discretion to use the Net Proceeds and proceeds from the Pre-IPO Placement and you will be relying on the judgment of our management regarding the application of these Net Proceeds and proceeds from the Pre-IPO Placement. Subject to applicable laws, we may have to revise our funding requirements, including increasing or decreasing expenditure for expansion programme on account of a variety of factors. Our capital expenditure plans are subject to a number of variables, some of which may be beyond our control, including the changes in costs, our financial condition, business and strategy or external circumstances such as market conditions, competitive environment, interest or exchange rate fluctuations and finance charges. 

We are yet to obtain certain approvals from regulatory authorities in relation to the setting up and operation of our proposed expansion. For details, see “ _Government and Other Approvals–Approvals applied for but not received_ ” on page 339, respectively. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain the approvals from the regulatory authorities in a timely manner or at all and any delays in getting the required approvals could give rise to cost overruns and delays in our implementation schedules. 

Further, there could be delays in upgrading and expanding the existing facilities as a result of, among other things, contractors’ failing to perform, unforeseen engineering problems, disputes with workers, or force majeure events, any of which could give rise to cost overruns and delays in our implementation schedule. 

If the expansion is subject to time and/or cost overruns, it could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to undertake such capital expenditure within the cost indicated by such quotations or that there will not be cost escalations. For details, see “ _Objects of the Offer - Details of the Objects of the Fresh Issue_ ” on page 115. 

# **18.** **_Availability and cost of import and acquisition of raw materials could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

Our operations are impacted by the availability and cost of import and acquisition of raw materials utilised in our production process. We purchase our raw materials from domestic as well as international markets and any change in cost and availability of such raw materials for any reason, including change in the approved suppliers, change in law or applicable governmental policies relating to imports, would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In the six months ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 and Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019, we procured raw material constituting 74.46%, 75.29%, 63.68%, 67.60% and 76.60% of the total purchases amounting to ₹ 253.87 million, ₹ 210.98 million, ₹ 430.71 million, ₹ 332.65 million and ₹ 457.60 million from our foreign suppliers. 

Our raw material suppliers may fail to deliver products of acceptable quality and within stipulated schedules or at all. We may be required to replace a supplier if the products provided or supplied, do not meet our quality or performance standards. Further, increase in competition may lead to our competitors establishing exclusive arrangements with our suppliers due to which we may be unable to secure an adequate supply of raw materials or which may increase our overall cost of raw materials, which we may not be able to determine from our customers. There can be no assurance that Company will be able to procure alternate suppliers on acceptable/similar terms or at all. 

46 

While we are not significantly dependent on any single raw material supplier, raw material supply and pricing can be volatile due to a number of factors beyond our control, including global demand and supply, economic and political conditions, transportation and labour costs, disruption during transportation, labour unrest, natural disasters, import duties, tariffs, cumulative effect of any factors affecting all our suppliers and currency exchange rates. This volatility in commodity prices can significantly affect our raw material costs. Further, any volatility in fuel prices can also affect commodity prices worldwide, which in turn may significantly increase our raw material costs. 

# **19.** **_We have significant power, and fuel requirements and any disruption to our power sources could increase our production costs and adversely affect our results of operations._** 

We require substantial power and fuel for our manufacturing facilities, and energy costs represent a significant portion of the production costs for our operations. For the six months ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 and Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, our power, and fuel costs was ₹ 12.53 million, ₹ 11.18 million, ₹ 23.69 million, ₹ 25.23, million and ₹ 23.46 million, constituting 1.30%, 2.51%, 1.06%, 1.62%, and 1.79%, respectively, of our total revenue from operations. If energy costs were to rise, or if electricity supplies or supply arrangements were disrupted, our profitability could decline. 

We source most of our electricity requirements for our manufacturing facilities from the Tamil Nadu State Electricity Board. If supply is not available for any reason, we will need to rely on captive generators, which may not be able to consistently meet our requirements. The cost of electricity from state electricity boards could be significantly higher, thereby adversely affecting our cost of production and profitability. Further, if for any reason such electricity is not available, we may need to shut down our plants until an adequate supply of electricity is restored. Interruptions of electricity supply can also result in production shutdowns, increased costs associated with restarting production and the loss of production in progress. 

# **20.** **_If we are unable to establish and maintain an effective system of internal controls and compliances, our business and reputation could be adversely affected._** 

We manage regulatory compliance by monitoring and evaluating our internal controls and ensuring that we are in compliance with all relevant statutory and regulatory requirements. However, there can be no assurance that deficiencies in our internal controls and compliances will not arise, or that we will be able to implement, and continue to maintain, adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls, in a timely manner or at all. As we continue to grow, there can be no assurance that there will be no other instances of such inadvertent non-compliances with statutory requirements, which may subject us to regulatory action, including monetary penalties, which may adversely affect our business and reputation. 

We periodically track our progress against the terms and conditions as laid down in our customer agreements, identify any issues and take necessary corrective and preventive actions for monitoring compliance guaranteed service levels as per the required parameters. We have a dedicated resource management team involved in resource planning and workforce management that, on a regular basis, monitor the costs incurred for various works performed by us and provide feedback for corrective actions required in order to effectively meet the commitments in our customer agreements. 

**21.** **_We design, develop and manufacture products and solutions that incorporate advanced technologies. Many of our contracts contain performance obligations that require innovative design capabilities, are technologically complex or involve developmental costs._** 

We design, develop and manufacture technologically advanced products and solutions applied by our customers in a variety of environments. Problems and delays in development or delivery as a result of issues with respect to design, technology, concurrent engineering, licensing, labour, learning curve assumptions or raw materials could prevent us from achieving contractual requirements. 

The business environment in many of our principal operating segments requires extensive design and development expenses. We devote substantial resources to our design and engineering functions and also make improvements in Design and Engineering, in particular, to create new products and solutions which are customised to meet customer expectations and end-user preferences and to also enhance our production processes and quality of our existing products and solutions , which we believe are factors crucial for our future growth and prospects. As on September 30, 2021, our Design and Engineering team comprise of 416 engineers and officers. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our Design and Engineering capabilities depends on a variety of factors, including meeting development, production, certification and regulatory approval schedules, execution of internal and external performances plans, availability of supplier and internally- 

47 

produced parts and materials, performance of suppliers and sub-contractors, hiring and training of qualified personnel, achieving cost and production efficiencies, identification of emerging technological trends in our target end markets, validation of technologies, level of customer interest in new technologies and products, and customer acceptance of our products and products that incorporate technologies we develop. In addition, due to the design complexity of our products, we may in the future experience delays in completing the development and introduction of new products. 

# **22.** **_Our ability to complete our projects in a timely manner and maintain quality standards is subject to performance of our sub-contractors._** 

From time to time, we sub-contract certain activities or ‘main works’ to be undertaken for our projects to other parties depending on various factors, including, manpower availability and complexity required for execution of projects. Although our contractors are qualified, we do not have control over their day-to-day performance. We cannot ensure that there will be no delay in performance of duties by our sub-contractors, which may cause a delay in completion of our projects. We may also be exposed to risks relating to the quality of their services, equipment and supplies. In the event that our cost and work estimates are not in line with our budgets or there is an increase in the price of materials, the fixed price sub-contract may adversely affect our profit margins. Further, there is a risk that we may have disputes with our sub-contractors arising from, amongst other things, quality and timely execution of work performed by our sub- contractors, payments to be made to sub-contractors under our arrangement with them or our failure to extend existing work order to or issue a new work order to a sub-contractor under our arrangement with such sub-contractor. We cannot assure you that these disputes will be amicably resolved or will not culminate into arbitration, litigation or other dispute resolution proceedings. 

# **23.** **_Failure or disruption of our information and technology (“IT”) and/ or enterprise resources planning systems may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects._** 

The efficient operation of our business depends on our IT infrastructure and our enterprise resources planning systems established at our manufacturing facilities. Our IT infrastructure comprises of third-party solutions and applications maintained internally. Since we operate multiple platforms, the failure of our IT infrastructure and/ or our enterprise resources planning systems could disrupt our business and adversely affect our results of operation. In addition, our IT infrastructure and/or our enterprise resources planning systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from, amongst others, natural or man-made disasters, terrorist attacks, computer viruses or hackers, power loss, other computer systems, internet telecommunications or data network failures. Any such interruption could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

While we have processes implemented for IT infrastructure management including patch management, antivirus management and backup processes to protect sensitive and confidential business information from disaster, damage, theft, and system failure, we cannot assure you that such IT infrastructure management systems including data backup would be able to ensure sufficient safeguards to prevent significant disruption of our IT systems. For instance, our offsite backup for the month of January 2014 stopped due to some technical issues in the backup tape. The issue was resolved within a month. However, notwithstanding, any failure or disruption in the operation of these systems or the loss of data due to such failure or disruption (including due to human error) or our inability to access the back-up information critical for our business on a timely basis, may affect our ability to plan, track, record and analyse work / projects in progress, Design and Engineering improvements and revenue, process financial information, manage our creditors, debtors and hedging positions, or otherwise conduct our normal business operations, which may increase our costs and otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 

# **24.** **_Our business, results of operation and financial conditions could be materially and adversely affected if any fault of ours causes any accidents at our customers’ units._** 

The products we manufacture are complex, require technically advanced and costly equipment and involve hazardous materials. The components and systems we manufacture may involve risks, including breakdown, failure or substandard performance of equipment, improper installation or operation of equipment and industrial accidents. In addition, defects in or malfunctioning of our products could cause severe damage to property and death or serious injury to our customers’ personnel, which could expose us to litigation and damages. Under most of our contracts, the warranty period is for a period of 12 to 36 months only for any manufacturing defects in the products. 

Our operations expose us to potential liabilities for personal injury or death or property damage as a result of the failure or malfunction of manufacturing equipment or of any products that have been designed, manufactured 

48 

or serviced by us. An accident caused by our fault or negligence during testing or delivery could also damage our reputation for quality products. 

# **25.** **_Our Company is involved in certain legal proceedings, which, if determined adversely, may adversely affect our business and financial condition._** 

Our Company is involved in certain legal proceedings at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and appellate authorities. In the event of adverse rulings in these proceedings or consequent levy of penalties by other statutory authorities, our Company may need to make payments or make provisions for future payments, which may increase expenses and current or contingent liabilities and also adversely affect our reputation. A summary of the proceedings involving our Company is provided below: 

|**Type of Proceedings**<br>**Cases involving our Company**|**Number of cases**|**Amount**<sup>**#**</sup><br>**(₹ in million)**|
|---|---|---|
|Criminal proceedings|NIL|NIL|
|Actions by statutory or regulatory authorities|NIL|NIL|
|Claims related to direct and indirect taxes|6|28.52|
|Other pending material litigation proceedings|NIL|NIL|
|**Total (A)**|**6**|**28.52**|



_# To the extent quantifiable_ 

If any new developments arise, such as a change in Indian law or rulings against us by appellate courts or tribunals, we may need to make provisions that could increase our expenses and current liabilities. Further, such legal proceedings could divert our management’s time and attention and cause us to incur significant expenses. Any adverse decision in any of these proceedings may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. For details of the outstanding litigation proceedings, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” beginning on page 334. 

# **26.** **_If we fail to keep our technical knowledge and process know-how confidential, we may suffer a loss of our competitive advantage or we may negatively impact the overall implementation of the programmes being worked on._** 

We possess extensive technical knowledge about our products. We have gained such technical knowledge through our experiences, Design and Engineering improvements undertaken by us for various projects, over the years. Our technical knowledge is a significant independent asset. Our senior members in our hardware design and development, software development group and projects team technology have been with our Company for over 15 years and have ensured stability in our knowledge and process know-how. Most of the internal processes which have been documented over years of learning are maintained by senior management of our Company, thus ensuring confidentiality. While all our employees are subject to strict confidentiality, non-disclosure and non-compete obligations under the respective agreements entered with them, such technical knowledge is not protected by intellectual property rights such as patent registration or design registration. As a result, we cannot assure that our technical knowledge will remain confidential. 

Even if all reasonable precautions, whether contractual or otherwise, are taken to protect our confidential technical knowledge of our products and business, there is a risk that certain proprietary knowledge may be leaked, either inadvertently or wilfully, at various stages of the design and production process. A significant number of our employees have access to confidential design and product information and there can be no assurance that this information will remain confidential. We operate in sensitive areas and such leakage could adversely affect such critical programmes and our goodwill as well as future prospects with key agencies in the sector. Moreover, our employees may leave us and join other vendors manufacturing products similar to ours. Although we enter into non-disclosure and non-compete agreements with our employees, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully enforce such agreements. While we enter into confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements with our suppliers and business partners, we cannot assure you that parties will not breach their confidentiality obligations under such arrangements. The potential damage from such breach of any confidentiality obligations is heightened as our designs and products are not patented, and thus we may have no recourse against copies of our products and designs that enter the market subsequent to such leakages. 

In the event that the confidential information in respect of our products or business becomes available to third parties or to the public, any competitive advantage we may have over our competitors could be harmed. If a 

49 

competitor is able to reproduce or otherwise capitalise on our technology, it may be difficult, expensive or impossible for us to obtain necessary legal protection. Consequently, any leakage of confidential technical information could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects. 

# **27.** **_We operate in a competitive business environment. Failure to compete effectively against our competitors and new entrants to the industry in any of our business segments may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

The manufacturing of products and solutions for defence and space applications is competitive, and it experiences rapid technological developments and changes in customer requirements. For further details on our competitors, see “ _Our Business – Competition”_ on page 206. Our ability to meet the qualification criteria in our various business areas is critical to being considered for any project. We compete on the basis of our ability to fulfil our contractual obligations including the quality of products and the timely delivery of the products. Additionally, while these are important considerations, price is a major factor in most tender / bid awards and our business is subject to intense price competition. Our competitors may have substantially greater financial, management, research and marketing resources than we have as a result of which they may be able to utilise their resources and economies of scale to develop improved products, divert sales away from us by winning broader contracts or hire our employees by offering more lucrative compensation packages. Our competitors may be able to provide our customers, including the GoI Entities, with different or greater capabilities or benefits than we can provide in areas such as technology, technical qualifications, post contract performance, price and availability of key professional personnel. In addition, larger diversified competitors serving as primary suppliers may be able to supply underlying products and services from affiliated entities or new joint ventures with private Indian companies, which would prevent us from competing for sub -contracting or licencing opportunities on these contracts. Our failure to compete effectively with respect to any of these or other factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition or operating results. In such a scenario, we may find difficulties in maintaining our position in the market. In tenders of large monetary value, the trend for the low quotations from competitors is common. Some of this costing is sometimes difficult to match. 

Going forward and with the liberalisation of the Indian defence and space sector to allow private and/or foreign companies to participate in defence and space contracts, as the case may be, we will be required to participate in competitive bidding. The competitive bidding process entails managerial time to prepare bids and proposals for contracts and may require us to resort to price cuts in order to win contracts which may not be awarded to us or may be split with our competitors. Following an award, we may encounter significant expenses, delays, contract modifications, or even loss of such contract if our competitors protest or challenge contracts that are awarded to us. In addition, our customers may face budget constraints, availability of more affordable solutions, and reducing product and technology development cycles. To remain competitive, we must consistently provide products with superior performance and capability to our customers, advanced technology solutions and service at an affordable cost and with the agility that our customers require to satisfy their mission objectives. Our inability to successfully do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and/ or operating results. Moreover, if we are not able to further develop our proximity to our customers and make our vendor-supplier ecosystem more efficient or as efficient as our competitors, there can be no assurance we will be able to grow or effectively compete in the industry. 

There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against our competitors as well as new entrants in our industry in the future. Further, most of our customers follow competitive bidding processes due to which we may not be able to effectively bid for future projects. Accordingly, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects would be adversely and materially affected if we are unable to maintain our competitive advantage and compete successfully against our competitors and any new entrants in the industry. 

# **28.** **_Cyber-attacks or other security breaches could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation or financial condition._** 

Our operations may be subject to cyber attacks and other security breaches. There is an established Business Continuity Plan in place which adheres to international standards based on the plan-do-check-act methodology, to operate procedurally during disasters and to achieve this objective a Disaster Recovery Site is identified in a different city with all back-ups to ensure seamless operations. This ensures sustenance of business operations during all types of disruptions and calamities such as cyber threats, threats to the physical security of our facilities and employees, and terrorist acts, as well as the potential for business disruptions associated with IT failures, natural disasters, or public health crises. We have installed anti-virus software to prevent our systems and infrastructure from being infected and crippled by computer viruses. All our internet facing servers installed 

50 

at all our data centres as well as at all our offices are also secured with firewalls and threat preventions systems to which helps us block or flag access to sites associated with any malware, spyware, spam URLs etc., however we may experience similar security threats at customer sites that we operate and manage as a contractual requirement. Prior cyber-attacks directed at us have not had a material impact on our financial results, and we believe our threat detection and mitigation processes and procedures are adequate. The threats we face vary from attacks common to most industries to more advanced and persistent, organised adversaries who target us because we protect national security information. If we are unable to protect sensitive information, our customers or governmental authorities could question the adequacy of our threat mitigation and detection processes and procedures. Due to the evolving nature of these security threats, however, the impact of any future incident cannot be predicted. For instance, on July 13, 2017, we were a victim of a phishing attack wherein an email sent from spectraind.com to our purchase team was hacked by somebody from Nigeria. 

Although we work cooperatively with our customers, suppliers and sub-contractors, to seek to minimise the impact of cyber threats, other security threats or business disruptions, we must rely on the safeguards put in place by these entities, which may affect the security of our information. These entities have varying levels of cyber security expertise and safeguards and their relationships with government contractors may increase the likelihood that they are targeted by the same cyber threats we face. 

The costs related to cyber or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. Occurrence of any of these events could adversely affect our internal operations, the services we provide to our customers, loss of competitive advantages derived from our design and development efforts or other intellectual property, early obsolescence of our products and services, our future financial results, our reputation or our stock price. 

# **29.** **_The insurance coverage taken by us may not be adequate to protect against certain business risks and this may have an adverse effect on the business operations._** 

Our operations are subject to risks inherent to the engineering and manufacturing industry, such as work accidents, storm, fire, earthquake, flood, inundation, explosions including hazards that may cause severe damage, including the physical destruction of property, breakdown of machinery and other force majeure events. We are subject to losses resulting from defects or damages arising during transit of our products. We maintain insurance coverage, including insurance in relation to standard fire and other special perils and burglary insurance. We also maintain coverage under a marine cargo policy insuring our products during transit. Our insurance coverage for net tangible assets and inventories for September 30, 2021, March 31, 2021, March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 was ₹ 1,465 million, ₹ 1,598.28 million, ₹ 1,445 million and ₹ 1,345 million, which is 120%, 155%, 135% and 116%, of our net tangible assets for the respective period. 

Notwithstanding the insurance coverage that we carry, the occurrence of an event that causes losses in excess of the limits specified in our policies, or losses arising from events not covered by insurance policies, could materially harm our financial condition and future results of operations. Additionally, there may be various other risks and losses for which we are not insured, either because such risks are uninsurable or not insurable on commercially acceptable terms. In addition, in the future, we may not be able to maintain insurance of all types which we deem necessary or adequate or at rates which we consider reasonable. While we have not faced instances of uninsured losses in the past three fiscals, the occurrence of an event for which we are not adequately or sufficiently insured or the successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or changes in our insurance policies (including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements), could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. There may also be certain types of risks (including but not limited to business disruptions) for which we are not covered. For instance, we do not have insurance policies that cover the losses incurred due to COVID - 19 pandemic, or any such instances. 

Although we have obtained insurance for our employees as required by Indian laws and regulations, as well as our important properties and assets, our insurance may not be adequate to cover all potential liabilities. We cannot assure you that insurance will be generally available in the future or, if available, that the premiums will not increase or remain commercially justifiable. If we incur substantial liability and the insurance does not, or is insufficient to, cover the damages, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially adversely affected. 

**30.** **_If additional stringent labour laws, involve additional compliance requirements or other industry standards in India become applicable to us, our business, profitability and results of operations may be adversely affected. Any labour disputes or unrests could lead to lost production, increased costs or delays which could lead to penalties._** 

51 

We are subject to a number of stringent labour legislation that protects the interests of workers and defines our duties and obligations towards them in the capacity of principal employers, including legislations that sets forth detailed procedures for employee removal and dispute resolution and impose financial obligations on us. We are also subject to state and local laws and regulations. If labour laws become more stringent or are more strictly enforced, it may become difficult for us to maintain flexible human resource policies, discharge employees or downsize, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Any organizational changes, including changes in salaries and wages and other employee benefits that are, or are perceived to be negative, could result in an increased attrition rate. Any further increase in minimum wage requirements or changes in labour regulations in India having a similar impact would increase our labour costs, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and profitability. For instance, the Indian Parliament has recently approved the Code on Social Security, 2020 (the “ **Code on Social Security** ”) which would impact the contributions we make towards provident fund and gratuity, which has not yet occurred. The effective date from which the changes are applicable is yet to be notified and the rules are yet to be finalized, but the Company will carry out an evaluation of the impact of the Code on Social Security and reflect the same in our financial statements in the period in which the Code of Social Security becomes effective and the related rules are published. 

While we have not faced incidences of labour unrest in the past three fiscals, we cannot assure you that there may not be incidences of labour unrest and absenteeism from work by some of our employees. Labour shortages could increase the cost of labour and hinder our productivity and ability to adhere to our delivery schedules for our projects, which would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

# **31.** **_We appoint contract labours for carrying out certain operations and we may be held responsible for paying the wages of such workers, if the independent contractors through whom such workers are hired default on their obligations, and such obligations could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition_** 

In order to retain flexibility and control costs, our Company has entered into contract with independent contractors who in turn engage some work force to enable some temporary augmentation of resources in certain operations of our Company. Although our Company does not engage such resources directly, we may be held responsible for any wage payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by independent contractors. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have some adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition and we may also be subject to legal proceedings in this regard. 

# **32.** **_Our Promoters, certain Directors and Key Managerial Personnel are interested in our Company in addition to their normal remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses incurred._** 

Our Promoters, certain of our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel may be regarded as having an interest in our Company in addition to their normal remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses. Our Promoters, certain Directors and Key Managerial Personnel are deemed to be interested to the extent of Equity Shares held by them as well as to the extent of any dividends, bonuses or other distributions on such Equity Shares. Our Directors are also interested to the extent of fees payable to them for attending meetings of our Board of Directors or committees thereof. For further details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ”, “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group_ ” and “ _Our Management_ ” on pages 82, 243 and 227, respectively. 

# **33.** **_Any failure to protect or enforce our rights to own or use trademarks and brand name and identity could have an adverse effect on our business and competitive position._** 

We have no registered trademarks, including the trademark for our trade name or the corporate logo appearing on the cover page of this Red Herring Prospectus. If we are unable to register our trademark for various reasons including our inability to remove objections to any trademark application, or if any of our unregistered trademark are registered in favour of or used by a third party in India or abroad, we may not be able to claim registered ownership of such trademark and consequently, we may not be able to seek remedies for infringement of those trademarks by third parties other than relief against passing off by other entities, causing damage to our business prospects, reputation and goodwill in India and abroad. Apart from this, any failure to register or renew registration of our registered trademark may affect our right to use such trademark in future. Further, our efforts to protect our intellectual property in India and abroad may not be adequate and any third party claim on any of our unprotected intellectual property may lead to erosion of our business value and our reputation, which could 

52 

adversely affect our operations. We may not be able to detect any unauthorized use or take appropriate and timely steps to enforce or protect our trademarks in India and abroad. 

Further, if we do not maintain our brand name and identity or if we fail to provide high quality products on a timely basis, we may not be able to maintain our competitive edge in India and abroad. If we are unable to compete successfully, we could lose our customers, which would negatively affect our financial performance and profitability. Moreover, our ability to protect, enforce or utilize our brand name is subject to risks, including general litigation risks. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that such brand name will not be adversely affected in the future by actions that are beyond our control, including customer complaints or adverse publicity from any other source in India and abroad. Any damage to our brand name, if not immediately and sufficiently remedied, could have an adverse effect on our business and competitive position in India and abroad. 

# **34.** **_Our Registered Office and manufacturing facilities are located on leased premises. If we are unable to renew these leases or relocate on commercially suitable terms, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition._** 

Our Registered Office and manufacturing facility is on a leasehold land. The lease is for 99 (ninety nine) years from SIPCOT. We have sales and marketing offices in Bangalore, Hyderabad, New Delhi and Trivandrum and all of them are on leased premises. For further details please see “ _Our Business- Property”_ on page 209. 

The lease periods and rental amounts for these properties vary on the basis of their locations. We cannot assure you that we will be able to renew our leases on commercially acceptable terms or at all. In the event that we are required to vacate our current premises, we would be required to make alternative arrangements for new offices and other infrastructure and we cannot assure that the new arrangements will be on commercially acceptable terms. If we are required to relocate our business operations during this period, we may suffer a disruption in our operations or have to pay increased charges, which could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. If we are unable to renew these leases or relocate on commercially suitable terms, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. 

# **35.** **_We have entered, and may continue to enter, into related party transactions which may not always enable us to achieve the most favourable terms._** 

We have, in the ordinary course of our business, entered into transactions with certain related parties. We have in the past and may in the future purchase goods and samples from and sell goods to related parties. 

The summary of related party transactions of our Company for the six months ended September 30, 2021, September 30, 2020 and the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021, March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019, along with such transaction as a percentage of total revenue for the respective periods are set forth in the table below: 

|**Particulars**|**Six mon**<br>**Septe**<br>**2**<br>|**ths ended**<br>**mber 30,**<br>**021**<br>|**Six mon**<br>**Septe**<br>**2**<br>|**ths ended**<br>**mber 30,**<br>**020**<br>|**Fisc**<br>|**al 2021**<br>|**Fisca**<br>|**l 2020**<br>|**Fisca**<br>|**l 2019**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**₹ In**<br>**million**|**% to**<br>**Revenue**|**₹ In**<br>**million**|**% to**<br>**Revenue**|**₹ In**<br>**million**|**% to**<br>**Revenue**|**₹ In**<br>**million**|**% to**<br>**Revenue**|**₹ In**<br>**million**|**% to**<br>**Revenue**|
|**Total Revenue**|**971.72**||**459.09**||**2265.5**||**1601.92**||**1325.09**||
|**Key**<br>**Management**<br>**Personnel**<br>**(KMP)**|||||||||||
|Directors'<br>remuneration|12.16|1.25%|5.82|1.27%|12.65|0.56%|11.58|0.72%|10.00|0.75%|
|Loans repaid|4.93|0.51%|52.41|11.42%|177.72|7.84%|99.26|6.20%|55.92|4.22%|
|Loans received|**-**|**-**|**-**|**-**|**-**|**-**|75.92|4.74%|200.57|15.14%|
|Interest on loan|0.11|0.01%|15.08|3.28%|28.92|1.28%|17.19|1.07%|15.42|1.16%|
|Dividend|70.06|7.21%|0.00|-|2.38|0.11%|2.38|0.15%|2.38|0.18%|
|Outstanding<br>Balance|0.28|0.03%|116.59|25.40%|5.11|0.23%|153.93|9.61%|160.06|12.08%|



53 

|**Particulars**|**Six mon**<br>**Septe**<br>**2**|**ths ended**<br>**mber 30,**<br>**021**|**Six mon**<br>**Septem**<br>**20**|**ths ended**<br>**ber 30,**<br>**20**|**Fisca**|**l 2021**|**Fisca**|**l 2020**|**Fisc**|**al 2019**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**₹ In**<br>**million**|**% to**<br>**Revenue**|**₹ In**<br>**million**|**% to**<br>**Revenue**|**₹ In**<br>**million**|**% to**<br>**Revenue**|**₹ In**<br>**million**|**% to**<br>**Revenue**|**₹ In**<br>**million**|**% to**<br>**Revenue**|
|**Relative of Key**<br>**Management**<br>**Personnel**<br>**(KMP)**|||||||||||
|Dividend|1.76|0.18%|0.00|0.00%|0.05|0.00%|0.05|0.00%|0.05|0.00%|



We cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions not been entered into with related parties. Furthermore, it is likely that we will enter related party transactions in the future. We cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. For more information regarding our related party transactions, see “ _Restated Financial Statements- Note 39- Related Party Disclosures_ ” on page 283. 

# **36.** **_We may be unable to detect, deter and prevent all instances of fraud or negligence or other misconduct committed by our employees, customers or other third parties, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Many of our contracts involve projects that are critical to the operations of our customer’s business. Further, as our operations are linked to the Indian defence and space sector, certain documents and information are confidential because of national security related concerns. Any instances of fraud, theft or other misconduct in our Company can be difficult to detect, deter and prevent, and could subject us to financial losses and harm our reputation. Although we have not faced any instances of fraud in the past three fiscals and have controls in place with respect to the handling of such cases, we may be unable to prevent, detect or deter all such instances of misconduct. Further, we may not be able to identify non-compliance and/or suspicious transactions in a timely manner or at all. Any such misconduct committed against our interests, which may include past acts that have gone undetected or future acts, may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. See “ _Internal Risk Factors_ - _Cyber-attacks or other security breaches could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation or financial condition_ ” on page 50. 

# **37.** **_We face foreign exchange risks, primarily in our export and procurement operations that could adversely affect our results of operations._** 

We have foreign currency trade payables and receivables and are accordingly, exposed to foreign currency exchange risk. Changes in currency exchange rates may influence our results of operations. Depreciation of INR (Rupee) versus USD and EUR will result in lower revenues in Rupee terms, which could adversely affect our profitability. As and when outflows are incurred, the required foreign exchange is bought from market at the then prevailing exchange rate. Details of our foreign currency trade payables and receivables for the respective periods and their value as a percentage of our total expenses for the period were as follows: 

54 

||||**As at**<br>**September 30, 2021**|||**As at**<br>**September 30, 2020**|||**As at**<br>**31st March 2021**||**As at**<br>**31st March 2020**||**As**<br>**31st Mar**|**at**<br>**ch 2019**||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Currency**|**INR**|**INR value**<br>**Forex**<br>**payable as**<br>**% to total**<br>**expenses**|**Forex**<br>**receivables**<br>**as % to total**<br>**revenue**|**INR**|**INR**<br>**value**<br>**Forex**<br>**payable as**<br>**% to total**<br>**expenses**|**Forex**<br>**receivables**<br>**as % to**<br>**total**<br>**revenue**|**INR**|**INR**<br>**value**<br>**Forex**<br>**payable**<br>**as % to**<br>**total**<br>**expenses**|**Forex**<br>**receiva**<br>**bles as**<br>**% to**<br>**total**<br>**revenue**<br>**INR**|**INR**<br>**value**<br>**Forex**<br>**payable**<br>**as % to**<br>**total**<br>**expenses**|**Forex**<br>**receiva**<br>**bles as**<br>**% to**<br>**total**<br>**revenue**|**INR**<br>**INR**<br>**value**|**Forex**<br>**payable**<br>**as % to**<br>**total**<br>**expenses**|**Forex**<br>**receiva**<br>**bles as**<br>**% to**<br>**total**<br>**revenue**|
||USD|**74.26**|||**73.80**|||**73.50**||**75.39**|||**69.17**|||
|**Exchange Rate**|EUR|**86.14**|||**86.57**|||**86.10**||**83.05**|||**77.70**|||
||GBP|**99.86**|||**94.73**|||**100.95**||**93.08**|||**90.48**|||
|**Total Revenue**||||||||||||||||
|**(INR**<br>**in**<br>**millions)**||**971.72**|||**459.09**|||**2,265.50**||**1,601.92**|||**1,325.09**|||
|**Total Expenses**||||||||||||||||
|**(INR**<br>**in**<br>**millions)**<br>||**663.97**|||**523.32**|||**1,520.16**||**1,317.63**|||**1,221.50**|||
|Amount<br>receivable<br>in|USD|0.57|42.33|4.36%|0.77|56.83|12.38%|1.54|113.19|5.00%<br>0.09|6.79|0.42%|0.45<br>31.13||2.35%|
|<br> <br>foreign<br>currency<br>-<br>Exports|GBP|0.36|35.95|3.70%|0.18|17.05|3.71%|0.19|19.18|0.85%<br>0.34|31.65|1.98%|0.31<br>28.05||2.12%|
|Amount<br> <br>|USD|0.60|44.56<br>6.71%||2.04|150.55<br>28.77%||1.21|88.94<br>5.85%|1.59|119.87<br>9.10%||1.42<br>98.22|8.04%||
|payable<br>in<br>foreign|EUR|-|-<br>0.00%||-|-<br>0.00%||0.01|0.86<br>0.06%|0.03|2.49<br>0.19%||-<br>-|0.00%||
|currency<br>-<br>Imports|GBP|-|-<br>0.00%||-|-<br>0.00%||-|-<br>0.00%|0.01|0.93<br>0.07%||-<br>-|0.00%||



55 

Our future capital expenditures, including raw materials, equipment and machinery, may be denominated in currencies other than Rupee. Therefore, declines in the value of the Rupee against the USD or other foreign currencies would increase the Rupee cost of servicing and repaying those borrowings and their value in our balance sheet. The exchange rates between Rupee and USD and between Rupee and EUR have changed substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate significantly in the future. 

Accordingly, any decline in the value of the Rupee against the U.S. Dollar and Euro or any other foreign currency would increase the Rupee cost of such raw materials. Although we closely follow our exposure to foreign currencies in an attempt to reduce the risks of currency fluctuations, these activities are not always sufficient to protect us against incurring potential losses if currencies fluctuate significantly. Any such losses on account of foreign exchange fluctuations may adversely affect our results of operations. 

# **38.** **_Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds and proceeds from Pre-IPO Placement are based on management estimates and may be subject to change based on various factors, some of which are beyond our control._** 

Our funding requirements and deployment of the Net Proceeds and proceeds from Pre-IPO Placement are based on internal management estimates based on current market conditions and have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. Our funding requirements may be subject to change based on various factors which are beyond our control. For details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” beginning on page 114. 

# **39.** 

**_We may continue to undertake strategic investments and alliances, acquisitions and mergers_** , **_expansion into new product segments and into new geographies and exports in the future, which may be difficult to integrate and manage. These may expose us to uncertainties and risks, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial conditions and result of operations._** 

We may continue to pursue strategic investments and alliances as a mode of expanding our operations. Going forward, we may undertake acquisitions, mergers, investments and expansions to enhance our operations and technological capabilities. There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient funds to finance such strategies for growth. Further, expansion and acquisitions may require us to incur or assume new debt, expose us to future funding obligations, legal claims, past liabilities, regulatory probes or integration risks and we cannot assure you that such expansion or acquisitions will contribute to a significant increase in revenue or profitability. 

# **40.** **_Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our future cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and financial condition._** 

The amount of our future dividend payments, if any, will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our future earnings, cash flows, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures, applicable Indian legal restrictions and other factors. There can be no assurance that we will pay dividends. We may decide to retain all of our earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business and, therefore, may not declare dividends on our Equity Shares. Additionally, in the future, we may be restricted by the terms of our financing agreements in making dividend payments unless otherwise agreed with our lenders. Our historical payment of dividends is not indicative of any payments of dividends in the future. We may be unable to pay dividends in the near or medium term and our future dividend policy will depend on our capital requirements, financial condition and results of operations. For further details, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 246. 

Additionally, the Finance Act, 2020 (“ **Finance Act** ”) provides, amongst other things, a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime, including, without limitation, a simplified alternate direct tax regime and that dividend distribution tax (“ **DDT** ”), will not be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident and are likely be subject to tax deduction at source. Our Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source from such dividend. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. 

**41.** **_Our Company was incorporated in 1998 and we are unable to trace some of our historical records. We cannot assure you that no legal proceedings or regulatory actions will be initiated against our Company in the future in relation to the missing filings and corporate records, which may impact our financial condition and reputation._** 

56 

We are unable to trace some of our historical records, including the form filings made with the RoC, share transfer deeds and corresponding resolutions maintained by our Company. We may be unable to obtain copies of these documents in the future to ascertain details of the relevant transactions. For instance, we have been unable to trace the following corporate records and regulatory filings of our Company: 

- <mark>(i) return of allotment filed with RoC, including the payment challans thereof, certain minutes of the meetings of the board and/or shareholders and regulatory forms with respect to allotments of equity shares made by the Company dated November 9, 1998, February 28, 1999, December 6, 2000, March 31, 2004 and March 29, 2006;</mark> 

- <mark>(ii) challans for the return of allotment filed with RoC and certain minutes of the meetings of the board and/or shareholders for the allotment dated May 12, 2004, March 29, 2007 and March 30, 2010;</mark> 

- <mark>(iii) notice of alteration of share capital filed with RoC with respect to the split of each equity share of the Company of face value of ₹ 100 each into 10 equity shares of the Company of ₹ 10 each dated December 6, 2000;</mark> 

- <mark>(iv) secretarial records in respect of the situation of and change in the registered office of the company dated November 1, 2000, such as intimation to the Registrar of Companies in Form 18, the payment challan thereof; and</mark> 

- <mark>(v) copies of share transfer forms, documents in relation to transmission of shares and minutes of the board and/or shareholders meeting in relation to the build of the equity shareholding of our Promoters with respect to all the transfer and transmission of equity shares of the Company</mark> 

While certain information in relation to these allotments, changes in relation to the registered office and share transfers has been disclosed in the sections “ _Capital Structure_ ” and “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters_ ” on pages 82 and 219, respectively, in this Red Herring Prospectus, based on the board resolutions, statutory registers of members and audited financial statements of our Company, and based upon the details provided in the search report dated September 19, 2021 prepared by K S Raguraam and Associates , Independent Practicing Company Secretary, and certified by their certificate dated September 19, 2021 we may not be able to furnish any further information other than as already disclosed in “ _Capital Structure_ ” and “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters_ ” on pages 82 and 219, respectively, or that the records mentioned above will be available in the future. 

While no legal proceedings or regulatory action has been initiated against our Company in relation to the unavailable filings and statutory lapses as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we cannot assure you that such proceedings or regulatory actions will not be initiated against our Company in the future in relation to the missing filings and corporate records. The actual amount of the penalty which may be imposed or loss which may be suffered by our Company cannot be ascertained at this stage and depends on the circumstances of any potential action which may be brought against our Company. We cannot assure you that any such proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or reputation. 

# **42.** **_Third party industry and statistical information in this Red Herring Prospectus may be incomplete or unreliable._** 

The information in the sections entitled “ _Our Business_ ”, “ _Industry Overview_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ”, on pages 181, 136 and 293, respectively, includes information that is derived from the “ _Defence and Space Market Report_ ” issued by Frost & Sullivan dated November 29, 2021 commissioned and paid for by us, exclusively for the purpose of the Offer in accordance with an engagement letter dated July 12, 2021. We commissioned this report for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with the Offer. Discussions of matters relating to India, its economy or the industries in which we operate in this Red Herring Prospectus are subject to the caveat that the statistical and other data upon which such discussions are based may be incomplete or unreliable. We make no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of this information. Statements from third parties that involve estimates are subject to change, and actual amounts may differ materially from those included in this Red Herring Prospectus. Due to incorrect or ineffective data collection methods or discrepancies between published information and market practice and other problems, the statistics herein may be inaccurate or may not be comparable to statistics produced elsewhere and should not be unduly relied upon. Further, we cannot assure you that they are stated or compiled on the same basis or with the same degree of accuracy, as the case may be, elsewhere. We cannot provide any assurance that the third parties have used correct or sound methodology to prepare the information included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For more details, see “ _Industry Overview_ ” on page 136. 

57 

**43.** **_There may be significant independent press coverage about our Company and this Offer, and we caution you not to place reliance on any information contained in press articles, including, in particular, any financial projections, valuations or other forward-looking information, and any statements that are inconsistent with the information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus._** 

There may be significant press coverage about our Company and this Offer, that may include financial projections, valuations and other forward-looking information, as well as statements that are inconsistent or conflict with the information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. We do not accept any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of such press articles, and we make no representation or warranty as to the appropriateness, accuracy, completeness or reliability of any of the projections, valuations, forward-looking information, or of any assumptions underlying such projections, valuations, forward-looking information or any statements are inconsistent or conflict with the information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus, included in or referred to by the media. 

# **EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

# **_Risks relating to India_** 

# **44.** **_Our operations are dependent on the performance of the Indian economy and securities market._** 

The growth in our business has been directly related to the growth in the Indian economy, including the growing household savings. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India or periods where inflation was high. Such economic growth is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports (oil and oil products), global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall, which affects agricultural production. Any slowdown or reversal in the growth of the Indian economy could result in a reduction in wealth in the Indian economy that can be diverted to savings and investment, a reduced interest in investment in the securities market and reduced foreign investment. 

Additionally, an increase in India’s trade deficit, a downgrading in India’s sovereign debt rating or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively impact interest rates and liquidity, which could adversely impact the Indian economy and our business. Any adverse revisions to India’s sovereign debt ratings may also adversely affect our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing is available. This could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to obtain refinancing, as well as the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **45.** **_Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located elsewhere, including India. Adverse economic developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficit, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity, and the price of our Equity Shares. 

We are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in which we operate. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. Demand for our products may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional and global economies. Economic growth in the countries in which we operate is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports, global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall which affects agricultural production. Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Also, a change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could adversely affect economic conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular and high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our revenues, and as such decrease our operating margins. 

58 

# **46.** **_Natural disasters, fires, epidemics, pandemics, acts of war, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other events could materially and adversely affect our business._** 

Natural disasters (such as typhoons, flooding and earthquakes), epidemics, pandemics such as COVID-19, acts of war, terrorist attacks and other events, many of which are beyond our control, may lead to economic instability, including in India or globally, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations may be adversely affected by fires, natural disasters and/or severe weather, which can result in damage to our property or inventory and generally reduce our productivity and may require us to evacuate personnel and suspend operations. Any terrorist attacks or civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic and political events in India or countries to who we export our products could have a negative effect on us. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the price of the Equity Shares. A number of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to contagious diseases and, for example, have had confirmed cases of diseases such as the pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID19 virus. A worsening of the current outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic or future outbreaks of COVID-19 virus or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the Indian economy and economic activity in the region. As a result, any present or future outbreak of a contagious disease could have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **47.** **_A downgrade in ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. <mark>India’s sovereign rating decreased from Baa2 with a “negative” outlook to Baa3 with a “stable” outlook by Moody’s, and from BBB- with a “stable” outlook to BBB- with a “negative” outlook (Fitch) in November 2021; and from BBB with a “negative” outlook to BBB (low) with a “stable” outlook by DBRS in May 2021.</mark> India’s sovereign ratings from S&P is BBB-with a “stable” outlook. Any further adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favourable terms and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **48.** **_Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia, Russia and elsewhere in the world in recent years has adversely affected the Indian economy. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby negatively affect the Indian economy. Financial disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on our principal markets. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. Following the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union (“ **Brexit** ”), there remains significant uncertainty as to the impact of Brexit on the general economic conditions in the United Kingdom and the European Union and any consequential impact on global financial markets. 

In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy as well as a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term effect of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. Any significant financial disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability 

59 

of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **49.** **_Our business and activities may be regulated by the Competition Act, 2002 and proceedings may be enforced against us._** 

The Competition Act, 2002 (“ **Competition Act** ”), or the Competition Act seeks to prevent business practices that have a material adverse effect on competition in India. Under the Competition Act, any arrangement, understanding or action in concert between enterprises, whether formal or informal, which causes or is likely to cause a material adverse effect on competition in India is void and attracts substantial monetary penalties. Any agreement that directly or indirectly determines purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, shares the market by way of geographical area, market or number of customers in the market is presumed to have a material adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India and shall be void. 

The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. On March 4, 2011, the GoI notified and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to, and pre-approved by, the Competition Commission of India, or CCI. Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued the Competition Commission of India (Procedure for Transaction of Business Relating to Combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. 

The Competition Act aims to, among other things, prohibit all agreements and transactions, which may have an appreciable adverse effect in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside of India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an appreciable adverse effect in India. However, the effect of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements entered into by us cannot be predicted with certainty at this stage. However, if we are affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI or if any prohibition or substantial penalties are levied under the Competition Act, it would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

# **50.** **_If there is any change in laws or regulations, including taxation laws, or their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect our financial statements._** 

The application of various Indian tax laws, rules and regulations to our business, currently or in the future, is subject to interpretation by the applicable taxation authorities. If such tax laws, rules and regulations are amended, new adverse laws, rules or regulations are adopted or current laws are interpreted adversely to our interests, the results could increase our tax payments (prospectively or retrospectively) and/or subject us to penalties. Further, adverse changes in capital gains tax or tax on capital market transactions or sale of securities or any adverse change in taxation of insurance products or other financial products distributed by us, could affect investor returns or the acceptability of any particular financial product. As a result, any such changes or interpretations could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 

For instance, under the current regulatory regime the companies can voluntarily opt in favour of a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which would ultimately reduce the effective tax rate for Indian companies from 34.94% to approximately 25.17%. Any such future amendments may affect other benefits such as exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in units of mutual funds, exemption for interest received in respect of tax free bonds, and long-term capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. 

In addition, we are subject to tax related inquiries and claims. We may be particularly affected by claims from tax authorities on account of income tax assessment, service tax and GST that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into one unified rate of interest with effect from July 1, 2017. 

Further, the Government of India has implemented a comprehensive national GST regime that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into a largely unified rate structure. Any such future increases 

60 

in the GST rates or amendments may affect the overall tax efficiency of companies operating in India and may result in significant additional taxes becoming payable. 

Due to COVID -19 pandemic, the Government of India also passed the Taxation and Other Laws (Relaxation of Certain Provisions) Act, 2020, implementing relaxations from certain requirements under, amongst others, the Central Goods and Service Tax Act, 2017 and Customs Tariff Act, 1975. 

Our Company cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. 

# **51.** **_High levels of inflation in the Indian economy may shift the trend of savings and investments adversely._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. India has experienced some of the highest levels of inflation measured by consumer price index of any of the 34 member states of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (“ **OECD** ”), during the period from 2012 through 2014, according to the OECD. Although the Government has initiated several economic measures to curb the rise in inflation rates, it is unclear at this stage whether these measures will have the desired effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. A rise in inflation rates may adversely affect saving or investment patterns of clients, potentially affecting growth in the Indian economy and our results of operations. 

# **52.** **_Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

# **53.** **_A third party could be prevented from acquiring control of us post this Offer, because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian law._** 

As a listed Indian entity, there are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company. Under the Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company subsequent to completion of the Offer. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to our shareholders, such a takeover may not be attempted or consummated because of Takeover Regulations. 

# **54.** **_Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us._** 

Our Company is a company incorporated under the laws of India. All of our Company’s Directors and officers are residents of India and all of our assets and such persons are located in India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside 

61 

India, or to enforce judgments obtained against such parties outside India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if that court was of the view that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy, or if judgments are in breach or contrary to Indian law. In addition, a party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain approval from the RBI to execute such a judgment or to repatriate outside India any amounts recovered. 

Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13, Section 14 and Section 44A of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 (“ **CPC** ”). India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with only a limited number of jurisdictions, such as the United Kingdom, Singapore, Hong Kong and the United Arab Emirates. In order to be enforceable, a judgment from a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements established in the CPC. The CPC only permits the enforcement and execution of monetary decrees in the reciprocating jurisdiction, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India, including the United States, cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be directly enforceable in India. The party in whose favour a final foreign judgment in a non-reciprocating territory is rendered may bring a fresh suit in a competent court in India based on the final judgment within three years of obtaining such final judgment. However, it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or inconsistent with the public policy in India. 

# **_Risks relating to the Equity Shares and this Offer_** 

**<mark>55.</mark>** **_<mark>We cannot assure you that the trading in the Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner or at all. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approvals would restrict your ability to dispose of the Equity Shares.</mark>_** 

<mark>In accordance with Indian law and practice, permission for listing of the Equity Shares will not be granted until after the Equity Shares in this Offer have been Allotted and submission of all other relevant documents authorising the issuing of the Equity Shares. There could be failure or delays in listing the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Further, pursuant to Indian regulations, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and commence trading. After the Basis of Allocation is finalised with the Designated Stock Exchange, the Company shall undertake the allotment of Equity Shares and initiate the process of crediting the Equity Shares to the demat account of the allottees. Thereafter, upon receipt of listing and trading approval from the Stock Exchanges, trading in the Equity Shares is expected to commence within six Working Days from Bid/ Issue Closing Date. Anchor Investors will not be able to trade in the Equity Shares till completion of the Lockin period of 30 days from Date of Allotment. Accordingly, there can be no guarantee that the Equity Shares offered pursuant to the Offer or the Equity Shares allotted pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement will be listed in a timely manner or at all. Each allottee of the Pre-IPO Placement has been informed that there is no guarantee that the Offer shall be consummated and that the Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges pursuant to the Offer.</mark> 

# **56.** **_The trading volume and market price of the Equity Shares may be volatile following the Offer._** 

The market price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate as a result of, among other things, the following factors, some of which are beyond our control: 

- 

   - quarterly variations in our results of operations; 

- results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

- 

   - results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 

- changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by research analysts and investors; 

- 

   - a change in research analysts’ recommendations; 

- announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments; 

- announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us; 

- 

- 

- 

- 

   - new laws and governmental regulations applicable to our industry; 

   - additions or departures of key management personnel; 

   - changes in exchange rates; 

   - fluctuations in stock market prices and volume; and 

- general economic and stock market conditions. 

62 

Changes in relation to any of the factors listed above could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **57.** **_The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and the Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer. Further, the current market price of some securities listed pursuant to certain previous issues managed by the Book Running Lead Managers is below their respective issue prices._** 

The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions, and will be determined by us in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers. Furthermore, the Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by us in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers through the Book Building Process. These will be based on numerous factors, including factors as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” beginning on page 129 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. In addition to the above, the current market price of securities listed pursuant to certain previous initial public offerings managed by the Book Running Lead Managers is below their respective issue price. For further details, see “ _Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Price information of past issues handled by the BRLMs_ ” on page 346. The factors that could affect the market price of the Equity Shares include, among others, broad market trends, our financial performance and results post-listing, and other factors beyond our control. We cannot assure you that an active market will develop or sustained trading will take place in the Equity Shares or provide any assurance regarding the price at which the Equity Shares will be traded after listing. 

# **58.** **_The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 129 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that you will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

# **59.** **_The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and the Offer may not result in an active or liquid market for the Equity Shares. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and the investors may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the stock exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India and volatility in the Stock Exchanges and securities markets elsewhere in the world. 

# **60.** **_Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. 

A securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for more than 12 months may be subject to long term capital gains tax in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as STT is paid, the quantum of gains and any available treaty exemptions. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of STT, on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

The Finance Act, 2019 amended the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 with effect from July 1, 2020 clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities 

63 

through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2019 may have on our Company’s business and operations. 

There is no certainty on the impact of any future amendments to the Finance Act may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. We cannot predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Act would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. For instance, the Supreme Court of India has in a decision clarified the components of basic wages which need to be considered by companies while making provident fund payments, which resulted in an increase in the provident fund payments to be made by companies. Any such decisions in future or any further changes in interpretation of laws may have an impact on our results of operations. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. Our Company cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect on our Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **61.** **_Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Offer._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited with the Equity Shares within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately six Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise any delay in commencing trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

# **62.** **_Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked instruments by us may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering of Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us or sales of our Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that we will not issue Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares or that our Shareholders will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

# **63.** **_Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not 

64 

in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. Further, in accordance with Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade, Government of India, investments where the beneficial owner of the Equity Shares is situated in or is a citizen of a country which shares land border with India, can only be made through the Government approval route, as prescribed in FDI Policy. These investment restrictions shall also apply to subscribers of offshore derivative instruments. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For further information, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 377. 

# **64.** **_Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as Indian GAAP, U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which investors may be more familiar with and may consider material to their assessment of our financial condition._** 

Our Restated Financial Statement for the six months ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 and Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019 have been prepared and presented in conformity with Ind AS. Ind AS differs in certain significant respects from Indian GAAP, IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. If our financial statements were to be prepared in accordance with such other accounting principles, our results of operations, cash flows and financial position may be substantially different. Prospective investors should review the accounting policies applied in the preparation of our financial statements, and consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between these accounting principles and those with which they may be more familiar. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

# **65.** **_QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after the submission of their Bid, and Retail Individual Bidders are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after closure of the Bid/ Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Bidders can revise their Bids during the Bid/ Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until the Bid/ Offer Closing Date. While we are required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within six Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by the SEBI, events affecting the investors’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events may limit the Investors’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

# **66.** **_Investors may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting on such resolution. However, if the law of the jurisdiction the investors are in, does not permit them to exercise their preemptive rights without our Company filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless our Company makes such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in our Company would be reduced. 

65 

