# **SECTION III: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares._ 

_We have described the risks and uncertainties that we consider material, but these risks and uncertainties may not be the only risks relevant to us, the Equity Shares, or the industry in which we currently operate or propose to operate. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If any or a combination of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial, actually occur, our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. To obtain a complete understanding of our Company, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview”, “Key Regulations and Policies in India” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 178, 122, 212 and 315, respectively, as well as the financial, statistical and other information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and the terms of the Issue including the merits and risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisers about the particular consequences to you of an investment in our Equity Shares. Unless otherwise indicated or context requires otherwise, the financial information included herein is derived from our Restated Consolidated Financial Information for the six months period ended September 30, 2024 and Fiscals 2024, 2023 and 2022 included in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further details, please see section titled “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 21. Unless the context otherwise requires, under this section, references made to “we”, “us”, “our”, or “our Company” refers to Denta Water and Infra Solutions Limited unless specified. For further details relating to various defined terms used in our business operations, please see section titled “Definitions and Abbreviations” on page 3._ 

_Unless stated otherwise, industry and market data used in this section have been obtained or derived from publicly available information as well as industry publications and sources such as the “India Water and Wastewater Treatment Market – Forecast to 2033” released in December, 2024, prepared and issued by Marketysers Global Consulting LLP, paid and commissioned by our Company for the purposes of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with the Issue. There are no material parts, data or information that have been left out or changed in any material manner. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the Marketysers Global Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year. Our financial year commences on April 1 and ends on March 31 of the subsequent year, and references to a particular financial year are to the 12 months ended March 31 of that year. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section._ 

# **_Internal Risks:_** 

**_1. In the past, one of our Promoters, C Mruthyunjaya Swamy, in the capacity as a secretary of the Public Works Department, Karnataka, has been subjected to enquiry by the Lokayukta Police, Bangalore (“Lokayukta”) and initiation of certain legal proceedings by the Enforcement Directorate against him, which was subsequently disposed off. Although Mr. C Mruthyunjaya Swamy is currently retired from the services of Government of Karnataka, there is no assurance that legal proceedings will not be reopened by Lokayukta or any other relevant authority against him. Any further development in the above-mentioned legal proceedings or other authorities may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition_** 

The Lokayukta initiated a suo-moto enquiry against our Promoter, C Mruthyunjaya Swamy and submitted a preliminary investigation report on July 21, 2011, to the Superintendent of Police-2, Karnataka Lokayukta, Bangalore for contravention of section 13 (1) (e) read with section 13 (2) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988. The preliminary investigation report alleged that C Mruthyunjaya Swamy had accumulated disproportionate assets. Pursuant to the preliminary investigation report, a first information report bearing no. 28/2011 ( **“FIR”** ) 

33 

was filed against C Mruthyunjaya Swamy and subsequently, raids were conducted at the premises and residence of the C Mruthyunjaya Swamy, H M Hema, Sowbhagyamma and H M Prabhu (“ **C Mruthyunjaya Swamy and his family members** ”) and certain valuables and documents were seized, and their bank accounts were frozen. Being aggrieved by the action taken by the Lokayukta, C Mruthyunjaya Swamy and his family members filed writ petitions bearing nos. 21782/2014, 38450/2014, 38451/2014, 38498/2014 ( **“Writ Petitions”** ) before the High Court of Karnataka (“ **Hon’ble High Court** ”) challenging the registration of FIR and preliminary investigation report and prayed to quash the proceedings pursuant to the FIR on the grounds that investigation was commenced by the inspector of Lokayukta without filing an FIR and hence the Deputy Superintendent of the Police of Lokayukta was not authorized to investigate into the matter. Hon’ble High Court vide its order dated August 22, 2016 ( **“2016 Order”** ), allowed the writ petitions and the proceedings against them were quashed on the grounds that the preliminary investigations were carried out prior to the filing of the FIR, which is a violation of the mandatory procedures. Subsequently, C Mruthyunjaya Swamy and his family members also filed a separate application under the section 452 of the Cr.P.C before the 77<sup>th</sup> Additional Civil & Sessions Judge and Special Judge, Bengaluru (“ **77**<sup>**th**</sup> **Additional Judge** ”) for defreezing the bank accounts and release of properties seized by the Lokayukta. 77<sup>th</sup> Additional Judge vide order dated February 4, 2017, allowed the appeal filed by C Mruthyunjaya Swamy and his family members and directed the investigating officer at the Lokayukta to defreeze the bank accounts and release the properties seized. 

In the meantime, being aggrieved by 2016 Order, Lokayukta filed a special leave petition before the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India ( **“Hon’ble SCI** ”) to set aside the 2016 Order. Hon’ble SCI vide its order dated May 18, 2018 ( **“2018 Order”** ), set aside the 2016 Order and reinstated the investigations. Simultaneously, Lokayukta, being aggrieved by the order dated February 4, 2017, passed by 77<sup>th</sup> Additional Judge, filed an appeal bearing no Crl.A.No. 950/2017, before the Hon’ble High Court and prayed to set aside the order dated February 4, 2017, passed by 77<sup>th</sup> Additional Judge. The Hon’ble High Court dismissed the appeal vide order dated August 29, 2023, stating that the appeal has become infructuous. 

Further, pursuant to the order passed by Hon’ble SCI, investigating officer of Lokayukta submitted a request to the competent authority for its approval for initiation of prosecution proceedings based on the final report of the Lokayukta submitted in 2013. However, the competent authority rejected the request made by the investigating officer vide its order no. DPAR 07 EMUVI 2011 dated June 21, 2019 _._ Being aggrieved, the Lokayukta filed a writ petition bearing no. 5248/2020 before the Hon’ble High Court, which has been dismissed vide its order dated February 16, 2023, on the grounds that the competent authority had refused prosecution sanction on clear application of mind and Lokayukta cannot be considered as an aggrieved person to challenge the order of the competent authority. Simultaneously, the Lokayukta also submitted the report to Enforcement Directorate, Bangalore Zone (“ **ED** ”) bearing no. ECIR/BGZO/08/2012 ( **“ECIR”** ) and ED initiated certain proceedings against C Mruthyunjaya Swamy for the offences punishable under the PMLA. Consequent to the findings of the investigations under PMLA, the ED submitted a closure report wherein the disproportionate assets could not be established in the hands of C Mruthyunjaya Swamy and his family members and the proceeding initiated under PMLA was also closed on June 7, 2022. All the matters and proceedings relating to the action initiated by the Lokayukta and other government agencies as set out above, were decided in favour of C Mruthyunjaya Swamy and his family members and presently there are no proceedings which are pending. 

**_2. Certain untraceable persons have filed complaints with SEBI and other authorities against our Company and our Promoter, C Mruthyunjaya Swamy, with allegations including indulging in corrupt practices, misusing of authority by our Promoter while being in public service and influencing the government officers in awarding the contracts to our Company, among others. There is no assurance that our Company or SEBI or other authorities do not receive similar complaints in future. Any further development in similar complaints filed with SEBI or other authorities may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

SEBI, Ministry of Corporate Affairs and other authorities received certain complaints (“Complaints”) from certain persons (“ **Complainants** ”) against our Promoter, C Mruthyunjaya Swamy and our Company, with certain grave and unsubstantiated allegations. The allegations inter-alia contained insinuations, amongst others, that our Promoter (i) incorporated our Company with an intent to utilize amounts which were illegally earned by our Promoter; (ii) created asset base of our Company with money earned from illegal sources and proceeds of bribes; (iii) grabbed government contracts in illicit ways by exercising influence over government officers; (iv) misused authority for monetary and other gains for his benefit while being in government service; (v) bribed officials of the government in order to retain and obtain business from the government departments; (vi) bribed officials of the government in order to avail advance payments without completing the projects; (vii) worked with officials in the government to inflate project estimates costs; (viii) appointed close associates as Benami Directors that for last 2-3 years ; (ix) the Company has achieved high profit margins in financials (x) the Company has disclosed 

34 

false fake fabricated information regarding work-in-hand, expected work and future turnover for the seeking approval for the public listing (“Allegations”). As the Complainants were not traceable, our Company vide letters dated May 15, 2024 and August 19, 2024 has appropriately replied to SEBI, Ministry of Finance, the Director General of Income tax (Bangalore), the Principal Commissioner of Income tax, the Director General of Income tax (Delhi), the chief vigilance officer, Directorate of Enforcement, New Delhi and Joint Director, Directorate of Enforcement, Bangalore., in order to respond to the Allegations made in the Complaints stating inter-alia that: (i) our Company was initially incorporated and run by Sowbhagyamma and Sujith T R in the year 2016 and not by our Promoter, C Mruthyunjaya Swamy. Further, the Company clarified that C Mruthyunjaya Swamy became promoter of our Company with effect from June 30, 2023 on account of transfer of shares by way gift by Sowbhagyamma and has never been part of the management of our Company since incorporation; (ii) all its assets, including a commercial building, a resort in Kundapur, and a coffee estate in Coorg, were acquired through legally valid and registered sale deeds and through proceeds which are legally verifiable; (iii) strongly refuted these claims by emphasizing the integrity and transparency of its contract procurement process. Further the Company clarified that all contracts with government departments are awarded through a competitive bidding process and adherence to legal and procedural prescriptions as set out under the bidding documents; (iv) in response to misuse of authority by our Promoter for monetary and other gains for his benefit while being in government service, our Company vehemently denied such practices; (v) in response to the accusation of bribes paid to the officials for retention and obtaining government contracts, our Company has vehemently denied such practices and clarified that all contracts with government departments are awarded through a competitive bidding process and adherence to legal and procedural prescriptions as set out under the bidding documents; (vi) in response to the accusation that our Promoter bribed officials to secure advance payments without completing projects, our Company has vehemently denied such practices and clarified that the procedure for receiving advance payments is strictly governed by the terms of the agreements that our Company has entered into with the government; (vii) in response to the accusation that our Promoter worked with officials to inflate project estimate costs, our Company has vehemently denied such practices and stated that there was no factual basis to the same; (viii) in response to appointment of close associates as Managing Director and Whole-time Director, our Company stated that the said directors are appointed based on their qualifications or experience in their relevant industry, in strict compliance with the relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013; (ix) in response to the high profit margins, the Company stated that the same was attributable to strategic planning, efficient operations, dedicated team, income from project management consultancy and miscellaneous services and strong order book of the Company and (x) in response to the accusation that the Company has disclosed false fake fabricated information regarding work-in-hand, expected work and future turnover, our Company stated that there was no factual basis to the same. 

Further, it was also alleged that our Company has not cleared payments to their laborers, labour contractors, subcontractors and suppliers; and has included false projections of the high growth margins in the DRHP. Our Company has refuted the allegation made with appropriate justifications. Additionally, our Company with an intent to address the apprehensions of the Complainant attempted to trace the origin of the Complaints, but the same could not be traced and the phone numbers furnished by the Complainants were found to be bogus. Consequently, our Company has replied to the Complaints, denying the allegations made therein, with proper documentary proof and evidence to SEBI and all the other authorities to which the letter was addressed. Further, on July 19, 2024, our Company lodged a complaint with Jayanagar Police Station, Bangalore for assessing the motive behind the Complaints filed. Based on preliminary investigation, the officials has found that the addresses and the phone numbers mentioned on the Complaints were untraceable. 

While we do not believe that similar complaints would be received prior to consummation of the proposed initial public offering of our Equity Shares, however, recurrence of such complaints in future may impact the timelines for our proposed IPO along with significant time being spent by our Promoters and management team in addressing such complaints, which can have an adverse impact on our business operations, cash flows and reputation. We are also exposed to the risk of any governmental authority taking cognizance of such complaints and initiating enquiries or legal proceedings against our Promoter and our Company, which will require us defend ourselves against the allegations made, the outcome of which will not be in our control. Even if we are successful in defending such cases arising out of these allegations, we may be subject to legal and other costs incurred pursuant to defending such litigation, and such costs may be substantial and not recoverable. 

# **_3. Our revenue contribution from government clients has increased from 18.25% in FY 2023 to 63.40% as of FY 2024, and we currently rely substantially on our government clients for our revenues._** 

Our Company procures government contracts either through direct contracts (independently or as consortium partner) or as sub-contracts. Our revenue contribution from government clients and the subcontracting projects has increased from 18.25% in FY 2023 to 63.40% in FY 2024, and we currently rely substantially on our 

35 

government clients for our revenues. The details of our order book for the financial years ended March 31, 2024, March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 are as follows: 

|**Particulars**||**September 30,**<br>**2024**|**March**<br>**31,**<br>**2024**|**March**<br>**31,**<br>**2023**|(_₹ in million_)<br>**March**<br>**31,**<br>**2022**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Revenue from Order Book*||974.08|2,308.16|1,603.46|987.32|
|Contribution<br>to<br>Revenue<br>business<br>of<br>Government<br>Karnataka|from<br>of|818.03|1,463.37|292.64|235.36|
|% Contribution to Revenue<br>business<br>of<br>Government<br>Karnataka|from<br>of|83.98%|63.40%|18.25%|23.84%|



_*Inclusive of unbilled revenue_ 

Our reliance on state governments, particularly, government of Karnataka and other entities like municipal corporations in the state of Karnataka has increased over the years. Most of our current projects are government sponsored and these are often subject to delay. Such delays could be on account of a change in the state government, changes in policies impacting the public at large, scaling back of government policies or initiatives, changes in governmental or external budgetary allocation, or insufficiency of funds or reluctance of the government departments to make quick decisions, which can significantly and adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of our Company. 

Further, contracts awarded by the Government of Karnataka (“ **GoK** ”) may provide GoK with the right to terminate the contract for convenience, without any reason which may impact our business operations, profitability and results of operations. Since the majority of our Company’s projects are contracts with the government entities, we are susceptible to such termination or invocation. In the event that a contract is terminated or invoked without cause, our revenues and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

# **_4. Our Company relies heavily on the Government of Karnataka for its business. 83.98% of our revenue from operations in six months period ended September 30, 2024, is from Government of Karnataka._** 

Our Company relies heavily on Government of Karnataka (“ **GoK** ”) for its business by the virtue of direct contracts entered into with the respective departments or through sub-contracting contracts entered into with the contracts. For the six months period ended September 30, 2024, 83.98% of our revenue from operations is derived from GoK. As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, all our projects are geographically in one state i.e. Karnataka. This concentration heightens our exposure to adverse developments related to regulatory, as well as economic, demographic and other changes in the state of Karnataka as well as the occurrence of natural and man-made disasters in Karnataka, which may adversely affect business, results of operations and financial condition. Our projects require significant labour and are also reliant on government policies in terms of taxes, duties and incentives made applicable by the state government. For further details, please see section titled “ _Statement of Special Tax Benefits_ ” on page 117. As a result, any unfavourable policies in Karnataka could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Any change in policies of Government of Karnataka, in respect of the segments we are engaged with them may impact our business. Further, we have only a limited ability to negotiate the terms of the contracts in respect of projects of Government of Karnataka, which tend to favour GoK. For instance, the terms laying out our obligations are decided by GoK and it may not possible for us to amend such obligations. The contractual terms may present risks to our business, including: 

- GoK’s discretion to grant time extensions, which may result in project delays and/or cost overruns; 

- Our liability as a contractor for consequential or economic loss to GoK; 

- risks we have to assume and lack of recourse to our government client where defects in site or geological conditions were unforeseen or latent from our preliminary investigations, design/engineering prior to submitting a bid. 

Any adverse change in macro-economic and political situation affecting the economy of State of Karnataka in general, could prompt GoK to reduce provision for the projects we are involved also lead to delay in or cancellation of projects. Further, generally the contracts by GoK are awarded based on tenders issued, unlike repetitive contracts in private sector. We cannot assure that we will be awarded such projects in future. 

Also, in case we fail to perform as per the contracts awarded to us, our contracts may be terminated by GoK, which may impact our ability to bid for future projects by GoK, other state governments and to participate in such projects as a sub-contractor. While no such instances have occurred in past, we may not assure you that such 

36 

events may not occur in future and we may not be able to find suitable replacement for such business. Therefore, any adverse developments in our relationship with GoK may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and prospects. 

Further, contracts awarded by the Government of Karnataka (“ **GoK** ”) may provide GoK with the right to terminate the contract for convenience, without any reason. Since the majority of our Company’s projects are contracts with the government entities, we are susceptible to such termination or invocation. In the event that a contract is terminated or invoked without cause, our revenues and results of operations may be adversely affected. Further, there have been riots in the past, in state of Karnataka, however, there have been no impact of such riots in our business operations. Such tensions could lead to political or economic instability in Karnataka and a possible adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_5. Delays in completion of our current and future projects and time overrun could have adverse effect on our business prospects and results of operations._** 

Typically, our projects are subject to specific completion schedule requirements. The scheduled completion targets for our projects are estimates and are subject to delays as a result of, among other things, unforeseen engineering problems, force majeure events, unavailability of financing, unanticipated cost increases or changes in scope and inability in obtained government approvals or as may be contractually agreed with the client. We also provide bank guarantees to our clients which may be invoked if we are unable to complete projects within a specified time frame and such guarantees may be extended owing to any change in such timelines. Failure to adhere to contractually agreed timelines could lead to forfeiture of security deposits, payment of liquidated damages and/ or our performance guarantees being invoked. 

While there have been no delays in performance of the contracts in our completed projects, for further details, please see section titled “ _Our Business – Our Completed projects_ ” on page 196. There can be no assurance that our projects will be completed within the specified time frame. We are experiencing time overrun in 10 of our 17 ongoing projects, however, applications have been made to the respective authorities for extension of timeline. For details, please see section titled “ _Risk Factors- We are experiencing time overrun in 10 out of 17 of our ongoing projects”_ on page 49. Further, there have been no instances of time overrun in the past, we cannot assure you that all potential liabilities that may arise from delays or that any damage, that may be claimed for such delays from clients or any third party, would be adequate to cover losses resulting there from. 

Further, any delay in completing the project would result in the total cost of a project contract to exceed the original estimates. Such time overruns and cost overruns may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**_6. We are significantly dependent on the procurement of projects. Our revenue and earnings are dependent upon award of new contracts which we cannot directly control. If we fail to secure new contracts on a continual basis, our operating results may be materially and adversely affected, and we may be unable to secure projects or maintain our growth it may impact our profitability and subsequently our revenues, and business operations._** 

Our relationships with our clients are mainly contract-based with reference to projects. Our revenue is generated from projects awarded to us from time to time. The timing of awards for such projects is unpredictable and outside of our control. The growth of our business depends on our ability to obtain projects including by way of being awarded tenders pursuant to competitive bidding processes. As we do not have any long-term contractual arrangements with our clients, we must seek to source and enter into new contracts from time to time. Apart from providing quotation directly to our clients, we also secure contracts through open tendering and invitational tendering. We operate in competitive markets where it is difficult to predict whether and when we will receive awards since these awards and projects often involve complex and lengthy negotiations and bidding processes. These processes can be impacted by a variety of factors including governmental approvals, financing contingencies, environmental conditions and overall market and economic conditions. In addition, during an economic downturn, many of our competitors may be more inclined to take greater or unusual risks or terms and conditions in a contract that we might not deem as standard market practice or acceptable. As a result, we may be subject to the risk of losing new awards to competitors. There is also a risk that revenue may not be derived from awarded projects as quickly as anticipated. Also, any rejection of award or cancellation or suspension of an order by a customer may also affect our revenue and financial condition. 

There is no assurance that we will continue to secure new contracts or maintain or increase our current level of business activities with existing or prospective clients in the future. It is generally very difficult to predict whether 

37 

or when we will secure new contracts, as it may depend on a number of factors, such as the actual business needs, market conditions, financing arrangements and government policy. If we are unable to identify new clients and secure new contracts on a continual basis, our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

Furthermore, we cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain or improve business relationships with our existing clients and any of them may terminate their respective business relationships with us at any time. Any material difficulty in securing new projects from our clients, termination or significant reduction in the number or contract value of the projects secured from them could cause our revenue and profits to decrease significantly. 

# **_7. Contracts awarded by the Government of Karnataka ("GoK') may provide GoK with the right to terminate the contract for convenience, without any reason which may impact our business operations, profitability and results of operations._** 

Our business is principally focused on projects in water management including lift irrigation and ground water recharging undertaken by the Government of Karnataka. Certain of our contracts with GoK include provisions such as permitting the GoK to terminate the agreement for convenience; termination on account of delay in completion of work and imposition of liquidated damages on account of delay. While we are generally able to recover actual costs incurred until that time, but we do not recover the full payment that would otherwise have been due to us under the contract. The exercise of such termination rights, or the use of such rights as leverage to re-negotiate terms and conditions of the contract, including pricing terms, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_8. There is an outstanding litigation against our Promoter, Sowbhagyamma. Any adverse decision in such proceedings may render us / them liable to liabilities / penalties and may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our Promoter, Sowbhagyamma, is involved in a legal proceeding, which is pending. A summary of outstanding litigation proceedings involving our Company, Promoters, Directors and Group Companies, has been disclosed in section titled “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 348 in terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus is provided below: 

_<u>(in ₹ million)</u>_ 

|**Particulars**|**Criminal**<br>**Proceeding**<br>**s**|**Tax**<br>**Proceedings**|**Statutory**<br>**or**<br>**Regulatory**<br>**Proceeding**|**Disciplinary**<br>**actions by**<br>**SEBI or Stock**<br>**Exchanges**|**Material**<br>**Civil**<br>**Litigation**<br>*****|**Aggregate**<br>**amount**<br>**involved****|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**_Company_**|||||||
|By<br>our<br>Company|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Against<br>our|Nil|1|Nil|Nil|1|3.14|
|Company|||||||
|**_Directors (Other t_**|**_han Promoters_**|**_)_**|||||
|By our Directors|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Against<br>our<br>Directors|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|**_Promoters_**|||||||
|By<br>our<br>Promoters|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Against<br>our<br>Promoters|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|1|Not<br>quantifiable|
|**_Group Companie_**|**_s_**||||||
|Proceeding<br>against<br>Group<br>Companies<br>which<br>have<br>material impact<br>on our Company|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|



_*This comprises the pending proceedings which may have a material impact on our Company, in accordance with the Materiality Policy._ 

_** To the extent quantifiable_ 

38 

Our Promoter, Sowbhagyamma had filed a suit before the Court of Additional City Civil & Sessions Judge, Bangalore against Sri Bhaskar and Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (“ **Defendants** ”) for seeking relief of declaration to establish acquisition of easementary right to light and air from properties of Defendants. The matter is currently pending. We cannot assure you that any of the outstanding litigation matters will be settled in favour of our Promoter, or that no (additional) liability will arise out of these proceedings. For further details, please see section titled _“Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments”_ on page 348. In addition to the foregoing, we could also be adversely affected by complaints, claims or legal actions brought by persons, before various forums such as courts, tribunals, consumer forums or sector-specific or other regulatory authorities in the ordinary course or otherwise, in relation to our products and services, our technology and/or intellectual property, our branding or marketing efforts or campaigns or our policies or any other acts/omissions. Further, we may be subject to legal action by our employees and/or ex-employees in relation to alleged grievances such as termination of their employment with our Company. We cannot assure you that such complaints or claims will not result in investigations, enquiries or legal actions by any courts, tribunals or regulatory authorities against us. 

**_9. The immediate relatives of our promoters, who are deemed to be a part of the Promoter Group under the SEBI ICDR Regulations have not provided consent, information or any confirmations or undertakings pertaining to themselves which are required to be disclosed as part of the Promoter Group in this Red Herring Prospectus._** 

Our Company requested C. Siddhalinga Devaru, C. Mangala, C. Mahadevi, immediate relatives of our Promoter C. Mruthyunjayaswamy and Hema H M and S. Chandrashekariah and Dr. Gurumurthy, immediate relatives of our Promoter, Sowbhagyamma who are deemed to be a part of the Promoter Group under the SEBI ICDR Regulations (“ **Relevant Persons** ”), to provide information, confirmations and undertakings in respect of themselves and their relevant entities as members of the Promoter Group. However, our Company, despite several attempts, could not establish communication with these Relevant Persons. Therefore, our Company, pursuant to its letter dated September 25, 2023, had sought an exemption from the inclusion of Relevant Persons in Promoter Group of our Company. SEBI, pursuant to its letter dated December 4, 2023, rejected the application and directed our Company to include these Relevant Persons as part of Promoter Group of our Company and include applicable disclosures based on the information as available in the public domain. Subsequently, our Company had also issued letters dated December 9, 2023, via registered post on December 10, 2023, as an attempt to establish communication with C. Siddhalinga Devaru, C Mangala, C Mahadevi, S. Chandrashekariah and Dr Gurumurthy. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has not been able to establish communication with the Relevant Persons _._ 

Accordingly, based on a careful examination of the search results available on public platforms including Watchout Investors database and CIBIL database, our Company confirms that the Relevant Persons (a) are not debarred or prohibited from accessing capital markets under any order or direction passed by SEBI; and (b) have not been declared as Wilful Defaulter or Fraudulent Borrower by any bank or financial institution or consortium thereof, in accordance with the guidelines on wilful defaulters or fraudulent borrower issued by Reserve Bank of India. In this regard, suitable disclosures have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus based on publicly available information and public domain search including on the websites of CIBIL and watchout investors. 

Given that certain of such undertakings and confirmations are based only on publicly available information published on websites, our Company has not been able to identify any body corporate in which 20.00% or more of the equity share capital is held by any of the Relevant Persons in which they are members and consequently, our Company has not been able to identify all entities which may be considered as a part of the Promoter Group of our Company and/or include disclosures in this Red Herring Prospectus pertaining to any factual confirmations required to be made in relation to the Promoter Group members. There can be no assurance that all relevant and/or complete disclosures pertaining to Relevant Persons and their connected entities, as members of the Promoter Group of our Company are included in this Red Herring Prospectus. To that extent, the incremental disclosures made in the section titled “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group – Our Promoter Group_ ” in relation to Relevant Persons and/or connected entities beginning on page 243 of this Red Herring Prospectus, are limited and based on the publicly available information published. 

**_10. We have experienced high attrition rate in respect of our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel. In particular, two Chief Financial Officers have resigned in the past one year. We may not be able to retain such persons in future which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial conditions and cash flows._** 

We are dependent on our Directors and key managerial personnel for setting our strategic business direction and 

39 

managing our business. Our Directors and key managerial personnel have extensive experience in their areas of expertise. Our ability to meet continued success and future business challenges depends on our ability to attract, recruit and retain experienced, talented and skilled professionals. Without a sufficient number of skilled employees, our operations and manufacturing quality could suffer. Two (2) of our Chief Financial Officers resigned during the Fiscal 2025 and with respect to our Directors, one (1) of our directors has resigned during the Fiscal 2024. We may experience similar attrition rates in the future which may decrease our operating efficiency and productivity and lead to a decline in the profitability of our Company. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting and retaining suitable employees. The loss of the services of our key personnel or our inability to recruit or train a sufficient number of experienced personnel or our inability to manage the attrition levels of key personnel may have an adverse effect on our financial results and business prospects. 

**_11. We enter into joint ventures arrangements for completion of our projects which may expose us to additional liabilities on account of our partners’ failure or underperformance and any premature termination of which, may adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We have entered into joint ventures arrangements for certain of our projects, wherein we have defined roles and responsibilities in respect of various project undertakings. Our joint ventures performance is subject to market risks, private competition, labour unrests, nonavailability etc. In some instances, we may not be able to pre-qualify for large projects on our own and may seek to align with other entities to be able to qualify for bids for large projects in the public and private sectors. In the six months ended September 30, 2024 and last three financial years, the joint venture arrangement of our Company along with the revenue generated from such joint venture arrangement are as below: 

|||||||||_(₹ i_<br>|_n million_<br>|_except a_<br>|_s stated)_<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Sr.**<br>**No**<br>**.**|**Project**<br>**Name**|**Joint**<br>**Holder**<br>**Name**|**Value**<br>**of**<br>**Contra**<br>**ct in**|**Six m**<br>**period**<br>**Septem**<br>**20**|**onths**<br>**ended**<br>**ber 30,**<br>**24**|**Fiscal**|**2024**|**Fisca**|**l 2023**|**Fiscal**|**2022**|
||||**Million**<br>**s**<br>(DPIPL<br>|**Valu**<br>**e**|**%**|**Value**|**%**|**Valu**<br>**e**|**%**|**Value**|**%**|
|1.|Byrapura<br>&<br>Hiremagaluru<br>LISProject|JV - RPS<br>DPIPL|)<br>309.6|-|-|1.98|0.08%|46.08|2.64%|230.61|19.29<br>%|
|2.|Koramangala<br>- Challaghatta<br>(KC) Valley<br>Project<br>-<br>Phase II|RPS<br>ACCO<br>DPIPL<br>JV|2,141.9|-|-|197.96|8.30%|179.9<br>8|10.32<br>%|-|-|
|3.|Bangalore<br>East<br>Lift<br>Irrigation<br>Scheme (LIS)|JNS<br>DPIPL<br>JV|926.7|75.32|7.70|207.63|8.70%|-|-|-|-|
|4.|Multi Village<br>scheme<br>for<br>drinking<br>water supply -<br>Koppal|DPIPL<br>SPML<br>JV|2,350|248.2<br>6|27.31|763.81|32.01<br>%|-|-|-|-|
|5.|Providing<br>Water supply<br>scheme to<br>Kuknuru &<br>Yelaburga|DWSIL<br>CIPL<br>SIPL|2,011.8<br>0|79.32|9.73|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|6.|Provision for<br>6nos of new<br>FOB<br>connecting<br>platforms for<br>Palakkad<br>Division<br>under Amrut|JV -<br>DWSIL<br>CORE4<br>ENGINE<br>ERS|146.80|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|



40 

|**Sr.**<br>**No**<br>**.**|**Project**<br>**Name**|**Joint**<br>**Holder**<br>**Name**|**Value**<br>**of**<br>**Contra**<br>**ct in**|**Six m**<br>**period**<br>**Septem**<br>**20**|**onths**<br>**ended**<br>**ber 30,**<br>**24**|**Fiscal**|**2024**|**Fiscal**|**2023**|**Fiscal**|**2022**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||||**Million**<br>**s**<br>(DPIPL<br>)|**Valu**<br>**e**|**%**|**Value**|**%**|**Valu**<br>**e**|**%**|**Value**|**%**|
||Bharat<br>Scheme|||||||||||
||||**Total**|**402.9**|**43.74**<br>**%**|**1,171.3**<br>**8**|**49.09**<br>**%**|**226.0**<br>**6**|**12.96**<br>**%**|**230.61**<br>**%**|**19.29**|



There can be no assurance that we will be able to locate or form partnerships with competent or necessary third parties to enable us to pre-qualify for bids in the future. Any failure to identify and form alliances and failure by third parties to fulfill their obligations may adversely impact our ability to bid for and obtain projects in the future. 

Some of these contracts have joint and several liabilities on the joint venture partners. Investments through joint ventures may, under certain circumstances, involve risks as joint venture partners may fail to meet their financial, commercial or other obligations in respect of the joint venture. If our joint venture partners fail to perform their obligations satisfactorily, we may have to make additional investments and/or provide additional services to ensure the adequate performance and delivery of contracted services. Non performance by any of the joint venture partners or consortium partners may expose us to significant financial and co-operational liabilities. While our Company has not incurred additional costs on account of partners’ failure or underperformance in the six months period ended September 30, 2024 and the last three financial years, we cannot assure you that that our joint venture partners will continue to perform and we will not incur additional cost account of partners’ failure or underperformance in the future. Any such non-performance of the contractual obligation may adversely affect our business, and operations of the Company. 

In addition, our joint venture partners may have business interests or goals that differ from our or our shareholders’ business interests or goals. Any disputes that may arise between us and our joint venture partners may cause delays, suspension or abandonment of the project. In the event we are not satisfied with the services being provided by our existing joint venture partners, we may be unable to identify suitable alternative partners. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully form such alliances and ventures or realize the anticipated benefits of such alliances and joint ventures. Any such termination of the agreements may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. No assurance can be given as to the future actions of any joint venture partner. 

While our joint venture arrangements are typically valid for the duration of the project contract, there can be instances in the future where the term of such joint venture arrangements expire prior to completion of the project or we may terminate the arrangement, prior to the completion of the project. In such instances, we cannot assure you that our joint venture partners will continue to fulfil their contractual obligations in relation to such projects and that we will be able to recover their share of costs and satisfactorily conclude such projects without their support. Further, in the event our existing joint venture partners are replaced by new partners, there can be no assurance that the new partners will fulfil their contractual obligations. In addition, we may be required to institute legal proceedings against our joint venture partners in such cases and may have to incur additional costs which may adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

**_12. We derive a significant part of our revenue from some customers. If one or more of such customers choose not to source their requirements from us or to terminate our contracts, our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

The table set forth below provides the revenue contribution and revenue contribution as a percentage of our total revenue from contracts with customers of our largest customer, our top 5 customers and our top 10 customers, for the six months period ended September 30, 2024 and Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022: 

- _₹ in million except as stated)_ 

41 

|**Particulars**|**Six mont**<br>**ended Sep**<br>**20**|**hs period**<br>**tember 30,**<br>**24**|**Fisca**|**l 2024**|**Fiscal**|**2023**|**Fisca**|**l 2022**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Amount**|**% of**<br>**Revenue**|**Amount**|**% of**<br>**Revenue**|**Amount**|**% of**<br>**Revenue**|**Amount**|**% of**<br>**Revenue**|
|Top 1 customer*|248.26|25.39|763.81|32.01|397.67|22.81|<br>230.61|<br>19.29|
|Top 5 customers*|439.96|44.99|1,580.98|66.26|1,020.85|58.56|<br>755.89|<br>63.22|
|Top 10 customers*|492.34|50.35|1,648.75|69.10|1,036.74|59.47|<br>833.71|<br>69.73|



_*While more than 50% of our revenue from operations originates from our top 10 customers, names of the customers have not been included in the above table as consents for disclosure of certain customer names were not available. Further, since this information is commercially sensitive to our business, we are unable to disclose the names of our top 10 customers._ 

We expect that we will continue to be reliant on our major customers for the foreseeable future. Accordingly, any failure to retain these customers and/or negotiate and execute contracts with such customers on terms that are commercially viable, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have not had any instance of termination of contracts by any our customers in the past three fiscal years and the six months period ended September 30, 2024. In addition, any defaults or delays in payments by a major customer or insolvency or financial distress of any major customer may have an adverse effect on business, financial condition and results of operations. Our reliance on a select group of customers may also constrain our ability to negotiate our arrangements, which may have an impact on our profit margins and financial performance. 

**_13. Our current order book may not necessarily translate into future income in its entirety. Some of our current orders may be modified, cancelled, delayed, put on hold or not fully paid for by our customers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects._** 

Details of our order book and revenue realised against the same for the six months period ended September 30, 2024 and the financial years ended March 31, 2024, March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 are as follows: 

|||||(_₹ in million_)|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Six months period**<br>**ended September 30,**<br>**2024**|**March 31, 2024**|**March**<br>**31,**<br>**2023**|**March 31, 2022**|
|Contract value of order<br>book|11,004.36|9,727.21|9,636.28|2,833.10|
|**Revenue recognition fro**|**m the contract value of**|**order**|||
|Billed|528.54|1,963.35|1,665.82|1,183.45|
|Unbilled|449.25|422.63|77.42|12.27|



Further, as on November 30, 2024, out of total contract value of ₹ 11,004.36 million, we have completed work amounting to ₹ 3,479.85 million and our outstanding order book is of ₹ 7,524.51 million which are at various stages of implementation. The calculation and presentation of the Order Book may vary from other companies, including our competitors. There can be no assurance that our Order Book will actually be realized as revenues or, if realized, will result in profits. In accordance with industry practice, most of our contracts are subject to cancellation, termination, or suspension at the discretion of the client at any stage of the contract. In addition, the projects in our Order Book are subject to change in the scope of services to be provided as well as cost adjustments in relation to our contracts. Our Order Book includes expected revenues for contracts that are based on estimates. 

Our contracts with government entities are usually based on standard terms and conditions set out by the said entities. Thus, we have had only limited ability to negotiate the terms of these contracts, which tend to favour government clients and we may be required to accept unusual or onerous provisions in such contracts in order to be engaged to execute such projects. These onerous conditions forming part of government contracts may have adverse effects on our profitability. Further, any change in governmental policies that results in a reduction in capital investment in the sector in which we operate could adversely affect us. If there is any change in the government or the governmental policies, practices or focus that result in a slowdown in projects, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. Also, if payments under our contracts with the government authorities are delayed, our financial condition and results of operations may be affected on account of an effect on our working capital requirements, resulting in additional finance costs and increase in our realization cycle. Furthermore, any change in the government may result in a 

42 

change in policy and reassessment of existing awarded contracts. In such instances, the revised terms and conditions of future contracts may render all or some projects unviable, resulting in reduction of our revenues. Also, any reduction in the budgetary allocation or support by the government authorities may have a significant impact on the number of projects for which tenders may be issued by them resulting in slowdown or decline in our business prospects. 

We operate in a highly competitive environment. If we are unable to meet the eligibility criteria and industry expectations in comparison with our competitors, we may not be successful in qualifying to bid for various future projects. Further, even if we meet the pre-qualification criteria, we cannot assure that we will be able to bid for the project / contract in the most competitive manner. These factors may limit us in getting future contracts, which may adversely affect our revenue. Further, due to the inherent nature of the contracts with government authorities, there is also risk of projects getting inordinately delayed or not getting completed, struck off or getting into litigations. 

Projects can remain in Order Book for extended periods of time because of the nature of the project and the timing of the particular services required by the project. The risk of contracts in Order Book being cancelled or suspended generally increases during periods of wide-spread economic slowdowns. In addition, even where a project proceeds as scheduled, it is possible that contracting parties may default and fail to pay amounts owed. Any delay, cancellation or payment default could adversely affect our cash flow position, revenues and/or profit. 

# **_14. We have experienced negative cash flows from operating activities in the past. Any negative cash flows in the future would adversely affect our cash flow requirements, which may adversely affect our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans, thereby affecting our financial condition._** 

We experienced negative cash flows from operating activities during the financial year ended March 31, 2022. The following table sets forth certain information relating to our cash flows during last three financial years: 

|||||_(₹ in million)_|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Six months period**|**For th**|**e year ende**|**d**|
||**ended September**<br>**30, 2024**|**March 31,**<br>**2024**|**March**<br>**31, 2023**|**March**<br>**31, 2022**|
|Net cash flow from operatingactivities|(467.59)|268.95|514.64|(78.03)|
|Cash flow from InvestingActivities|18.37|5.60|(295.54)|(44.55)|
|Cash flow from financingactivity|(3.33)|(8.15)|8.34|(0.47)|



The major reason for negative cash flow as on September 30, 2024 was on account of increase in unbilled revenue and as on March 31, 2022 was on account of changes in other current liabilities by ₹ (189.66) million which resulted upon receipt of advances from customers of ₹ 189.92 million in Fiscal 2021, respectively. The Company has deployed its cash resources on project execution which has resulted in completion of some portion of milestone activity of the project however, the bills could not be generated during the period. As per the requirements of INDAS, the Company follows “ _percentage of completion method_ ” which is a method of accounting for long-term contracts where the contract costs and revenue are recognised as revenue and expenses by making reference to the stage of completion of the contracting activity at the end of the reporting period. This method calculates the ongoing recognition of revenue and expenses related to long-term projects based on the proportion of work completed. By doing so, the Company can recognize some gain or loss related to a project in every accounting period in which the project continues to be active. 

Cash flow of a company is a key indicator to show the extent of cash generated from operations to meet capital expenditure, pay dividends, repay loans and make new investments without raising finance from external resources. If our Company is not able to generate sufficient cash flows, it may adversely affect our business and financial operations. For detailed cash flow statement and further details, please see “ _Summary Financial Information - Restated Consolidated Cash Flow Statement_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Cash Flows_ ” on pages 73 and 338 respectively. 

# **_15. We rely on a limited number of suppliers for our raw material, loss of these suppliers may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial conditions._** 

We are reliant on a limited number of suppliers for the supply of raw materials for our operations. The table below sets out the raw materials which we have obtained from our largest supplier, top 5 suppliers and top 10 suppliers together with such supply as a percentage of our total raw materials supply in the six months period ended September 30, 2024 and Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022: 

43 

|||||||_(₹ in_<br>|_million exce_<br>|_pt as stated)_<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Six mont**<br>**ended Se**<br>**30, 2**<br>|**hs period**<br>**ptember**<br>**024**<br>|**Fisca**<br>|**l 2024**<br>|**Fiscal**<br>|**2023**<br>|**Fisca**<br>|**l 2022**<br>|
||**Raw**<br>**materials**<br>**sourced**|**% of**<br>**total raw**<br>**materials**<br>**purchase**|**Raw**<br>**materials**<br>**sourced**|**% of**<br>**total raw**<br>**materials**<br>**purchase**|**Raw**<br>**materials**<br>**sourced**|**% of**<br>**total raw**<br>**materials**<br>**purchase**|**Raw**<br>**materials**<br>**sourced**|<br>**% of**<br>**total raw**<br>**materials**<br>**purchase**|
|Top 1 supplier of<br>raw materials|169.2|28.06|<br>198.90|13.09|357.97|34.25|<br>155.30|<br>23.22|
|Top 5 suppliers<br>of raw materials|458.3|75.99|<br>483.10|31.79|479.29|45.86|<br>436.09|<br>65.20|
|Top 10 suppliers<br>of raw materials|585.5|97.98|<br>608.12|40.01|532.08|50.92|<br>485.80|<br>72.63|



_*While more than 50% of our raw materials originates from our top 10 suppliers, names of the suppliers have not been included in the above table as consents for disclosure of certain suppliers names were not available._ 

If one or more of our suppliers ceases supply to our Company for reasons including due to commercial disagreements, insolvency of the supplier or supply chain issues, we may be unable to source our raw materials from alternative suppliers on similar commercial terms or within a reasonable timeframe. This may adversely impact our production and eventually our business, results of operations, financial conditions and cash flows. In such a scenario, we may also breach contractual terms of delivery and installation which we have entered into with our customers, which may have an adverse impact on our results of operations, financial conditions and cash flows. 

# **_16. In addition to executing projects on a contracting basis, we also undertake sub-contracting projects, which may involve additional conditions and requirements. Failure to comply with these conditions could result in early termination or penalties imposed by the contractor, potentially adversely affecting our cash flows, business operations, and financial performance._** 

In addition to our primary contracting activities, we also engage in sub-contracting projects, which often involve additional conditions and requirements that may differ from our standard contractual agreements. These subcontracting arrangements are typically governed by specific terms set forth by the primary contractor, and adherence to these terms is essential for the successful execution of the projects. 

Following is break-up of projects undertaken by the Company on sub-contracting basis: 

||||_(₹ in million e_<br>|_xcept as stated)_<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**September**<br>**30, 2024**|**March**<br>**31,**<br>**2024**|**March**<br>**31,**<br>**2023**|**March 31,**<br>**2022**|
|Contribution<br>to<br>Revenue<br>from<br>sub-<br>contracting agreements|171.51|643.87|1,235.54|744.44|
|% Contribution to Revenue from sub-<br>contracting agreements|17.61%|27.89%|77.05%|75.40%|



Failure to comply with the stipulated conditions of subcontracting could result in severe repercussions, including early termination of the sub-contract or the imposition of financial penalties by the primary contractor. Such outcomes could adversely affect our cash flows, disrupt our operational efficiency, and compromise our overall financial performance. While there have been no instances of failure on our part to adhere with the contractual provisions while undertaking a subcontracting project for the six months period ended September 30, 2024 and financial years ended March 31, 2024, March 31, 2023, March 31, 2024 and, we cannot assure you that such instances will not occur in the future. 

# **_17. We derive a significant portion of our revenue from our water management business through a bidding process and there can be no assurance that projects for which we bid will be awarded to us and recorded in our Order Book or that we will actually realize revenues from such projects as a result of which our financial condition would be materially and adversely affected._** 

During the six months period ended September 30, 2024 and Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, 97.51%, 93.62%, 90.44% and 83.58% of our total revenue is derived from water management/irrigation which amounted to ₹ 953.52 million ₹ 2,233.86 million, ₹ 1,576.56 million, ₹ 999.32 million respectively. Our business depends 

44 

significantly on our ability to bid for and be awarded projects in water management projects including lift irrigation and ground water recharging projects. We have been, and continue to be, involved in bidding for various tenders with state government and government-controlled entities in the future. In accordance with the terms of these tenders, the bidder who is selected as the lowest bidder may sometime be called for final negotiations on the project. As per standard industry practice, lowest bidders (L-1) must conclude contracts from the customer, however we cannot assure that the same will be the case every time. Most of the contracts are subject to cancellation, termination, or suspension at the discretion of the customer at any stage of the contract. In addition, these contracts may be subject to changes in the scope of services to be provided as well as adjustments to the costs relating to the contracts. In case of cancellation, termination, suspension or changes in terms of such contracts, it may have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, in India the projects by state government or government-controlled entities are typically awarded after following a competitive bidding process and satisfaction of prescribed qualification criteria. The criteria generally includes experience, technical expertise, reputation and sufficiency of financial resources. While we have been satisfying required criteria to bid for such projects in the past, there can be no assurance that we will continue to meet such criteria in the future. We spend considerable time and resources in the preparation and submission of bids, and there can be no assurance that we will be awarded such contracts. In addition, we cannot assure you that we would bid where we have been qualified to submit a bid or that our bids, when submitted or if already submitted, would be accepted. There can be no assurance that we will be awarded such projects at the end of the tender process. Further, in situations where our bids have been successful, there may be delays in awarding of the projects, which may result in us having to retain resources which remain unallocated, thereby adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_18. Our failure to successfully implement our expansion plan to North India and other parts of South India could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Currently we have operations only in the state of Karnataka. As of November 30, 2024, we have completed 35 projects within the state of Karnataka. We intend to focus on further expansion to especially North India, West India and other parts of South India. These operations are subject to risks that could adversely affect our business and results of operations, including risks associated with uncertain political and economic environments, government instability and laws and regulations that are different from the legal systems, laws and regulations. As of the last three fiscals and till November 30, 2024, we have submitted bids for 30 projects out of which we have been awarded with 23 projects in southern parts of India. Further, the Company has made 2 bids in the central parts of India and 1 bid in the eastern parts of India till date. 

In order to manage our day-to-day operations, we must overcome cultural and language barriers and assimilate different business practices. In addition, we are required to create compensation programs, employment policies and other administrative programs that comply with the laws of different jurisdictions. Our failure to successfully manage our geographically diverse operations could impair our ability to react quickly to changing business and market conditions and to comply with industry standards and procedures. Our ability to operate and compete may be adversely affected by governmental regulations in the states in which we transact our business. In particular, we may be required to obtain approvals from the authorities in order to bid on contracts or conduct our operations or enter into a joint venture, agency or similar business arrangement with local individuals or businesses in order to conduct business in those states. In addition, we may become involved in proceedings with regulatory authorities that may require us to pay fines, comply with more rigorous standards or other requirements or incur capital and operating expenses for compliance with such laws and regulations. For further details relating to the expansion of our international operations, please see section titled “ _Our Business - Our Strategy - Expanding our geographical area of operations”_ on page 187. 

# **_19. Our business is heavily dependent on procurement of construction materials from our suppliers. We do not have long-term agreements with our suppliers of construction material and any increase in the cost of, or a shortfall in the availability of, such construction materials could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

During the six months period ended September 30, 2024 and Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, our cost of materials consumed amounted to ₹ 603.08 million ₹ 1,519.78 million, ₹ 1,045.02 million, ₹ 668.84 million, constituting 61.68%, 63.70%, 59.95%, 55.94%, of our revenue from operations, respectively. While we procure the primary construction materials used at our project sites viz. steel, pipes, cements, power transformers, etc., from markets on purchase order bases. Further, we are reliant on third parties and local suppliers for the supply of our construction materials with whom we do not have long term agreements and, consequently, we may face a 

45 

shortage in the supply of construction materials of appropriate quality, including due to factors such as default by the supplier. Shortage or delay in the supply of quality construction materials or any change in the market conditions could hamper our operations or may lead to a shortfall in construction materials. 

Further, we also face a risk that one or more of our existing suppliers may discontinue their supplies to us, and any inability on our part to procure construction materials from alternate suppliers in a timely manner, or on commercially acceptable terms, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, absence of long-term contracts with our construction materials suppliers may also lead to our delivery estimates being adversely affected. Shortage of construction materials would lead to our estimates being adversely affected, resulting in loss of our business and an adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_20. Our Statutory Auditors have included certain emphasis of matters in our Restated Financial Information._** 

Our Statutory Auditors have included following emphasis of matters in our Restated Consolidated Financial Information with respect to the Special Purpose Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements: 

|**Period**|**Nature of**<br>**remark**|<br>**Details of remark**|**Company’s**<br>**response**<br>**to**<br>**remark**|<br>**Impact on the**<br>**Financial**<br>**Statements**<br>**and Financial**<br>**Position of the**<br>**Company**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Interim<br>Period<br>April<br>1,<br>2024<br>to<br>September<br>30, 2024|EOM|We draw attention to Note 2a of Annexure V to the Special<br>Purpose Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements, which<br>describes the purpose and basis of preparation. The Special<br>Purpose Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements have been<br>prepared by the Company solely for the purpose of preparation<br>of the restated financial information as required under the ICDR<br>Regulations in relation to the proposed initial public issue of the<br>Company. As a result, the Special Purpose Consolidated Ind AS<br>Financial Statements may not be suitable for any another<br>purpose and are not financial statements prepared pursuant to<br>any requirements under Section 129 of the Companies Act,<br>2013, as amended. The Special Purpose Consolidated Ind AS<br>Financial Statements cannot be referred to or distributed or<br>included in any offering document or used for any other purpose<br>except with our prior consent in writing. Our report is intended<br>solely for the purpose of preparation of the restated financial<br>information and is not to be used, referred to or distributed for<br>any other purpose without our prior written consent.|<br> <br> <br> <br>NIL|NIL|



The opinion of our auditors is not modified in respect of these matters and while these emphasis of matters do not require any adjustments to the Restated Financial Information, there is no assurance that our audit reports for any future fiscal periods will not contain qualifications, adverse remarks, matters of emphasis or other observations which could subject us to additional liabilities due to which our reputation and financial condition may be adversely affected. For further details, please see section titled “ _Financial Information_ ” on page 249. 

# **_21. We could incur additional cost or loss in revenue in connection with our failure to comply with all our commitments of our contracts._** 

Our contracts typically require us to assume several obligations, _inter alia_ , which include but are not limited to the following: maintenance of licenses and permits required for performance of the works; adherence to safety requirements, etc., failing which penalties may be deducted from payments due; insurance liability; liability for defects within the stipulated liability period and breach of warranties; provisions for liquidated damages. While no penalties have been levied on account of failure to comply with the commitments of the contracts in the six months period ended September 30, 2024 and the last three financial years on the Company, we may, from time to time, not be able to comply with any or all of these provisions, which may result in the payment of damages and assessment of penalties, the incurrence of additional costs and loss in revenue, and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

46 

Additionally, we are typically responsible for completing a project by the scheduled completion date as agreed in the relevant contract. We may also be responsible for the performance standards of such a project. We may also assume a project's technical risk, which means that we may have to satisfy certain technical requirements of the project despite the fact that at the time of project award, we may not have previously developed or applied the system or technology in question. If we subsequently fail to complete the project as scheduled, or if the project subsequently fails to meet the requisite performance standards, we may be held responsible for cost impacts to the client resulting from any delay or the cost to cause the project to achieve the performance standards, generally in the form of contractually agreed upon liquidated damages. To the extent that these events occur, we may be required to forego part of our contract revenue or provide a discount to the client which would have a material effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_22. We face certain competitive pressures from the existing competitors and new entrants in both public and private sector. Increased competition and aggressive bidding by such competitors is expected to make our ability to procure business in future more uncertain which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our business is highly competitive. With the liberalisation of the Indian economy, the Government has encouraged competitive bidding. The competitive bidding process entails managerial time to prepare bids and proposals for contracts and at times requires us to resort to aggressive pricing to be able to be awarded the contracts. We may not be in a position to aggressively price our services in the future which may result in loss of business and adversely affect our future prospects. In the six months period ended September 30, 2024 and the past three years, we have lost 4 projects to our competitors. 

With increased competition, our ability to estimate costs to provide services required under the contracts and ability to deliver the project on a timely basis will determine our profitability and competitive position in the market. The possibility exists that our competitors might develop new technologies that might cause the existing technology and offerings used by us to become less competitive. Our ability to anticipate such developments and deploy improved and appropriate technologies through development/acquisitions will determine our competitive position in the marketplace. Further, some of our competitors may have access to superior technological and more financial resources than those available to us, as a result of which, they may be more successful than us in bidding for the projects. Any failure on our part to compete effectively in terms of pricing of our services or providing quality services could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. 

There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against our competitors as well as new entrants in our industry in the future, or that the companies that are not directly in competition with us now will not compete with us in the future. Accordingly, our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects would be adversely and materially affected if we are unable to maintain our competitive advantage and compete successfully against our competitors and any new entrants to our industry in the future. 

# **_23. A large part of our business transactions is with government entities or agencies, which may expose us to risk, including additional regulatory scrutiny, delayed receipt of collectibles and pricing pressure._** 

Our business is principally focused on projects in water management including lift irrigation and ground water recharging undertaken by the Government of Karnataka. We may be subject to additional regulatory or other scrutiny associated with such transactions with government owned or controlled entities and agencies. Contracts with government agencies are subject to various uncertainties (including those associated with funding), procedural requirements, restrictions, and regulations including oversight audits by various government authorities and profit and cost controls. As a result, our government clients may terminate our contracts for convenience or decide not to renew our contracts with little or no prior notice. Since government contracts represent a significant majority of our revenues, the loss of such contracts could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

There may be delays associated with collection of receivables from government owned or controlled entities, which could affect our liquidity and results of operations. As of the last 3 financial years and the six months period ended September 30, 2024, there have been no delays in receipt of collectibles from the government entities or agencies. However, we cannot assure you that we will continue to receive payments from the government entities or agencies in a timely manner in the future. In addition, since government contracts are subject to specific procurement regulations and a variety of other socio-economic requirements, we must comply with such requirements. We must also comply with various other government regulations and requirements as well as various statutes related to employment practices, environmental protection, recordkeeping, and accounting. These regulations and requirements affect how we transact business with our clients and, in some instances, impose 

47 

additional costs on our business operations. Government contracts also contain terms that expose us to heightened levels of risk and potential liability than non-government contracts. 

We also are subject to inspection by the government entities and agencies under the respective agreements with them. For example, government agencies routinely review and inspect government contracts to determine whether allowable costs are in accordance with applicable regulations. While our Company has not faced any audits, investigations and proceedings from the government entities or agencies, we cannot assure you that, we would undergo any audit, investigation and proceedings from the government entities or agencies. If we violate a rule or regulation, fail to comply with a contractual or other requirement or do not satisfy an audit, a variety of penalties can be imposed including monetary damages and criminal and civil penalties. In addition, our government contracts could be terminated, we could be suspended or debarred from government contract work, or payment of our costs could be disallowed. The occurrence of any of these actions could harm our reputation and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

# **_24. Our failure to recover adequately on claims against project owners for payment could have a material adverse effect on us._** 

We occasionally bring claims against project owners for additional costs exceeding the contract price or for amounts not included in the original contract price. These types of claims occur due to matters such as ownercaused delays or changes from the initial project scope, which result in additional cost, both direct and indirect. Often, these claims can be the subject of lengthy arbitration or litigation proceedings, and it is often difficult to accurately predict when these claims will be fully resolved. When these types of events occur and unresolved claims are pending, we may invest additional working capital in projects to cover cost overruns pending the resolution of the relevant claims. While all the claims raised by us as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus to the project owners have been recovered. While we have not had any instance of failure of recover claims against the project owners in the last three financial years and the six months period ended September 30, 2024. However, a failure to promptly recover on these types of claims could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity and financial results. For further details, please see section titled “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 348. 

# **_25. We could be adversely affected if we fail to keep pace with technical and technological developments._** 

Our recent experience indicates that clients are increasingly developing larger, more technically complex projects. We are also entering into new markets and expanding into unexplored technologies. To meet our clients’ needs, we must continuously update existing ones, and develop new technology. In addition, rapid and frequent technology and market demand changes can often render existing technologies obsolete, requiring substantial new capital expenditures and/or write downs of assets. Although we strive to keep our technology and equipment’s current with the latest international standards, the technologies, facilities and machinery we currently employ may become less competitive or even obsolete due to advancement in technology or changes in market demand, which may require us to incur substantial capital expenditure. Our failure to anticipate or to respond adequately to changing technical, market demands and/or client requirements could adversely affect our business and financial results. In order to further develop and implement these new technologies we may have to invest a large amount of capital which may have an adverse impact on our cash position. If our competitors introduce superior technology and we cannot make enhancements to ours to remain competitive, either because we do not have the resources to continually improve our technology or for any other reason, our competitive position, and in turn our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

# **_26. Misconduct by employees, agents or partners or our failure to comply with laws or regulations could weaken our ability to win contracts, which could result in reduced revenues and profits._** 

Any misconduct, fraud, non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations, or other improper activities by our employees, agents or partners could have a significant negative impact on our business and reputation. Such misconduct could include the failure to comply with government procurement regulations, regulations regarding the protection of classified information, regulations prohibiting bribery and other corrupt practices, regulations regarding the pricing of labor and other costs in government contracts, regulations on lobbying or similar activities, regulations pertaining to the internal controls over financial reporting, environmental laws, and any other applicable laws or regulations. Our failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations or acts of misconduct could subject us to fines and penalties, loss of security clearance, and suspension or debarment from contracting, which could weaken our ability to win contracts and result in reduced revenues and profits and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

48 

**_27. We are dependent on the expertise of our Promoter, particularly C Mruthyunjaya Swamy_** _,_ **_and Directors and our skilled workforce and our inability to retain them may result in adverse effect on our business, financial condition and the results of operations._** 

The successful completion of our projects and the running of our day-to-day operations and the planning and execution of our business strategy depends significantly on our skilled and efficient Promoter, C Mruthyunjaya Swamy, Directors and skilled workforce. Our Promoter, C Mruthyunjaya Swamy, holds bachelor’s degree in civil engineering and was associated with the Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation, Karnataka Engineering services and Government of Karnataka and our Managing Director, Manish Shetty, holds bachelors’ degree in engineering and was working as the head at Shri J N Shetty, Class-I Contractors, are highly qualified individuals who have been associated with the industry and have experience in their respective fields. We depend on the management skills, guidance and experience of our Promoters for development of business strategies, monitoring their successful implementation and meeting future challenges. Further, we also significantly depend on the expertise, experience and continued efforts of our Promoters. Our future performance will depend largely on our ability to retain the continued service of our management team. 

In addition, we may require a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when skilled personnel terminate their employment with us. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting and retaining skilled employees that our business requires. The loss of the services of such persons could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

There is significant competition for highly skilled personnel in the industry in which we operate, and it may be difficult to attract and retain the personnel we require in the future. We cannot assure you that our competitors will not offer better compensation packages, incentives and other perquisites to such skilled personnel. Further, as we expect to continue to expand our operations and develop new products, we will need to continue to attract and retain experienced management personnel. If we are unable to retain or attract such members or are unable to locate suitable or qualified replacements, our results of operations may be adversely affected. 

# **_28. We are experiencing time overrun in 10 out of 17 of our ongoing projects._** 

We are experiencing time overruns ranging from 1 month to 1 year approximately in 10 out of 17 of our ongoing projects due to delay in clearance of the site. Our Company has made application to the requisite authorities for extension of the time for execution and completion of the projects. We cannot assure you the requisite approvals will be granted in a timely manner. While we have not been subject to any penalty or liquidated damages, in these projects, there can be no assurance that such penalties or liquidated damages will not be imposed on us in the future. This could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

**_29. Our Company does not have any documentary evidence for the past experience of certain of our Directors._** 

In relation to our Non-Executive director, Nista U Shetty, we have relied on GST certificates and IT returns as documentary evidence to justify her past experience. They are not in receipt of any appointment letters, experience certificates etc. and we have used relevant information from the aforementioned documents for confirming the disclosures made in his biographies in the chapter titled “ _Our Management_ ”. For further details, please see “ _Our Management_ ” on page 222. 

# **_30. We execute certain of our projects through unincorporated joint ventures._** 

Some of our projects are being executed through unincorporated joint ventures with other companies. Details of our unincorporated joint venture arrangements along with the revenue generated from such projects in the six months period ended September 30, 2024 and the last three years are as below: 

|<br>|<br>|<br>|<br>|<br>|<br>|<br>|<br>|_(₹ in_<br>|_million,_<br>|_except a_<br>|_s stated)_<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**S**<br>**r.**|**Project**<br>**Name**|**Joint**<br>**Holder**|**Value of**<br>**Contrac**|**Six mont**<br>**Septem**|**s period ended**<br>**ber 30, 2024**|**Fisca**|**2024**|**Fiscal**|**2023**|**Fiscal**|**2022**|
|**N**<br>**o.**||**Name**|**t in**<br>**Millions**<br>(DPIPL)|**Value**|**%**|**Value**|**%**|**Value**|**%**|**Value**|**%**|
|1.|Byrapura<br>&<br>Hiremagaluru<br>LIS Project|JV - RPS<br>DPIPL|309.6|-|-|1.98|0.08%|46.08|2.64%|230.6<br>1|19.29<br>%|



49 

|**S**<br>**r.**|**Project**<br>**Name**|**Joint**<br>**Holder**|**Value of**<br>**Contrac**|**Six months**<br>**Septemb**|**period ended**<br>**er 30, 2024**|**Fisca**|**l 2024**|**Fiscal**|**2023**|**Fiscal**|**2022**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**N**<br>**o.**||**Name**|**t in**<br>**Millions**<br>(DPIPL)|**Value**|**%**|**Value**|**%**|**Value**|**%**|**Value**|**%**|
|2.|Koramangala<br>- Challaghatta<br>(KC) Valley<br>Project<br>-<br>Phase II|RPS<br>ACCO<br>DPIPL<br>JV|2,141.9|-|-|197.9<br>6|8.30%|179.9<br>8|10.32<br>%|-|-|
|3.|Bangalore<br>East<br>Lift<br>Irrigation<br>Scheme (LIS)|JNS<br>DPIPL<br>JV|926.7|75.32|7.70%|207.6<br>3|8.70%|-|-|-|-|
|4.|Multi Village<br>scheme<br>for<br>drinking<br>water supply -<br>Koppal|DPIPL<br>SPML<br>JV|2,350|248.26|27.31 %|763.8<br>1|32.01<br>%|-|-|-|-|
|5.|Providing<br>Water supply<br>scheme<br>to<br>kuknuru<br>&<br>yelaburga|DWSIL<br>CIPL<br>SIPL|2,011.80|79.32|8.73%|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|6.|Provision for<br>6nos of new<br>FOB<br>connecting<br>platforms for<br>Palakkad<br>Division<br>under Amrut<br>Bharat<br>Scheme|JV -<br>DWSIL<br>CORE4<br>ENGINE<br>ERS|146.80|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|
||||**Total**|**402.90**|**43.74%**|**1,171,**<br>**38**|**49.09**<br>**%**|**226.0**<br>**6**|**12.96**<br>**%**|**230.6**<br>**1**|**19.29**<br>**%**|



These unincorporated joint ventures are not separate legal entities and liabilities incurred by such unincorporated joint ventures would be shared jointly and severally by the members of such joint venture entities. While cross indemnification is usually available between the joint venture members, we could be exposed to liabilities arising out of defaults by our joint venture member. 

**_31. Certain bank guarantees that we have availed of contain undertakings, conditions and restrictive covenants which could restrict our ability to conduct our business and operations._** 

Certain bank guarantees which we have availed of in connection with our operations contain conditions and restrictive covenants. We have also assumed certain obligations under these arrangements. Such conditions, covenants and obligations may restrict or delay certain actions or initiatives that we may propose to take from time to time. A failure to observe such covenants or conditions under these guarantees may lead to a termination of these arrangements or an acceleration of all amounts due under such arrangements Any acceleration of amounts due under such arrangements may also trigger cross default provisions under other similar arrangements. During any period in which we are in default, we may be unable to, or face difficulties in arranging similar bank guarantees. We may not be able to continue obtaining new bank guarantees in sufficient quantities to commensurate our business requirements. As a result, our ability to enter into new contracts could be limited. Any of these circumstances could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as result in an adverse effect on the price of Equity Shares. 

# **_32. Our project may be materially adversely affected by strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees or those of our suppliers._** 

Success of our operations also depends on availability of labour and maintaining cordial relationships with our labour force. As of November 30, 2024, we had 89 permanent employees working at our project site across Karnataka. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our employees are not members of any organised labour unions. Notwithstanding, strikes or disputes with our labour force may adversely affect our operations, which may have an impact on agreed timelines. While we have not had instance of strikes or labour disputes in the past, we cannot assure you that we shall not experience any strikes or labour disputes in the future. Such events could disrupt our operations and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of 

50 

operations. 

Although we have not experienced any significant disruptions at any of our project sites, we cannot assure you that there will not be any disruptions in our operations in the future. Our inability to effectively respond to such events, manage our work efficiently and resolve any disruptions, in a timely manner and at an acceptable cost, could lead to the slowdown or shutdown of our operations, which in turn may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_33. Our operations are subject to hazards and other risks and could expose us to material liabilities, loss in revenues and increased expenses._** 

Our operations are subject to hazards inherent in providing water management services, such as risk of equipment failure, work accidents, fire or explosion or hazards that may cause injury and loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property and equipment and environmental damage. We may also be subject to claims resulting from defects arising from the services provided by us. Actual or claimed defects in equipment procured and/or construction quality could give rise to claims, liabilities, costs and expenses, relating to loss of life, personal injury, damage to property, damage to equipment and facilities, pollution, inefficient operating processes, loss of production or suspension of operations. 

Our policy of covering these risks through contractual limitations of liability, indemnities and insurance may not always be effective. Also, at times, we may also experience significant delays in recovering the insurance claim amount under these policies. We may also be required to incur or bear environmental and workers’ compensation liability. Clients and subcontractors may not have adequate financial resources to meet their indemnity obligations to us. Losses may derive from risks not addressed in our indemnity agreements or insurance policies, or it may no longer be possible to obtain adequate insurance against some risks on commercially reasonable terms. Failure to effectively cover ourselves could expose us to additional costs and potentially lead to material losses. Additionally, the occurrence of any of these risks may also adversely affect public perception about our operations and the perception of our suppliers, clients and employees, leading to an adverse effect on our business. These liabilities and costs could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_34. We depend on various third parties, including our contractors and independent service providers, over whom we may have no control._** 

We engage third-party contractors to perform parts of our work. The success of our projects therefore also depends on the performance of various third parties, including our contractors and service providers. As we do not control any of our contractors or service providers, we cannot ensure they perform their obligations and services satisfactorily, to a standard that meets our requirements or targeted quality levels in relation to our projects. We may also not be able to recover compensation for any resulting defective work or materials. We cannot ensure that there will be no delay in performance of duties by our contractors, which may cause a delay in completion of our projects. We may also be exposed to risks relating to the ability of the contractors to obtain requisite approvals for the operation and maintenance activities as well as the quality of their services, equipment and supplies. In addition, we can make no assurance that such contractors or their sub-contractors will continue to hold or renew valid registrations under the relevant labour laws in India or be able to obtain the requisite approvals for undertaking such construction and operation. 

Our contractors and service providers may also face financial, legal or other difficulties which may affect their ability to continue with a project. If our contractors are unable to perform in accordance with their commitments on time or meet the quality standards required, our ability to complete projects on time or at all could be impaired. This may have an adverse effect on our reputation, cash flows, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_35. Our insurance coverage may not adequately protect us against all losses or the insurance coverage may not be available for all the losses as per the insurance policy, which could adversely affect business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our operations are subject to various risks inherent to the industry in which we operate. The table below sets forth the details of our insurance coverage including as a percentage of our fixed assets and total assets as of the dates indicated: 

_(₹ in million except as stated)_ 

51 

|**Particulars**|**Six months period ended**<br>|**As**<br>|**of March 3**<br>|**1,**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|
||**September 30, 2024**|**2024**|**2023**|**2022**|
|Aggregate coverage of insurance policies|32.48|47.03|42.88|Nil|
|Fixed<br>assets<br>(Property,<br>Plant<br>and<br>Equipment)|242.63|245.06|243.21|100.64|
|Percentage of Fixed Assets|13.38%|19.19%|17.63%|-|
|Total Assets|2,203.46|2,198.48|1,232.76|606.37|
|Percentage of total assets|1.47%|2.05%|3.48%|-|



We do not have insurance policies with respect to certain fixed including land owned by our Company. Our Company has other policies such as workman`s compensation policy, employer`s liability and accidental insurance and fire and special peril policy, contractor plant and machinery policy for personnel and machinery. While we believe that the insurance coverage which we maintain would be reasonably adequate to cover the normal risks associated with the operation of our business, to the extent that we suffer loss or damage, for which we have not obtained or maintained insurance, or which is not covered by insurance, which exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. In addition, our insurance policies expire from time to time and we may not be able to renew our policies in a timely manner, or at acceptable cost or at all. In case any uninsured loss occurs, we could lose our investment in, as well as anticipated profits and cash flows from the asset. In addition, even if any such loss is insured, there may be a significant deductible on any claim for recovery prior to our insurer being obligated to reimburse us for the loss, or the amount of the loss may exceed our coverage for the loss. 

We cannot assure you that, in the future, any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. Further, an insurance claim once made could lead to an increase in our insurance premium, resulting in higher deductibles and also requiring us to spend towards addressing certain covenants specified by the insurance companies. 

# **_36. Our contingent liabilities could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The table below sets forth details of contingent liabilities as of at six months period ended September 30, 2024: 

||_(in ₹ million)_|
|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**As at September 30,**<br>**2024**|
|Bank Guarantee given by bank on behalf of the Company|570.15|
|Income Tax demand for Assessment Year 2021-2022|3.14|
|Litigation Matters with Small Causes Court Case under section 166 of Motor<br>Vehicle Act, 1989 dated November 11, 2023, before the Chief Judge, Court of<br>Small Causes|5.00|



While most of these contingent liabilities have been incurred in the normal course of business, if these were to fully materialize or materialize at a level higher than we expect, it may materially and adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our Company has not made any provision for contingent liabilities. For further details, please see section titled “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Note no. 33 - Contingent Liabilities_ ” on page 291. Further, we cannot assure you that we will not incur similar or increased levels of contingent liabilities in the future. 

# **_37. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects could be materially and adversely affected if we are unable to successfully execute some of our business activities (including those of our joint ventures) and growth strategies and manage our growth effectively._** 

Our ability to sustain and manage growth depends primarily upon our ability to manage key operational issues, such as recruiting and retaining skilled personnel, establishing additional regional project offices, developing and marketing profitable products and services to cater to the needs of our existing and potential clients in our current markets, improving our risk management systems to monitor our businesses, maintaining and, in a timely manner, upgrading an effective technology platform, developing a knowledge base to face emerging challenges and ensuring a high standard of client service. 

52 

Our ability to sustain and manage growth is also affected by factors outside of our control, such as GDP growth, changes in regulatory policies, changes in clients’ plan for new and existing projects and changes in interest rates. We may not be able to successfully maintain growth rates due to unfavorable changes in any one or more of the aforementioned factors. Our inability to effectively manage any of these operational issues or react to external factors may materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations, as well as the market price of our Equity Shares. 

**_38. Our Company has delayed in goods and services tax (“GST”) Return Filings, employee provident fund (“EPF”), professional tax and employees state insurance corporation (“ESIC”) payments and such delayed compliance may attract additional late fees against our company which could impact the financial position of us to that extent. Any non-compliance or delays in GST return filings and EPF payments may expose us to penalties from the regulators._** 

As a Company, we are required to file GST returns and make payments in respect of EPF **,** professional tax payments and ESIC payments with the respectively authorities. However, there are certain inadvertent delays in relation to filling of GST returns, EPF, professional tax payments and ESIC payments in the past for which the Company had to pay additional late fees. Our Company has not received any show cause notice or paid any penalty imposed by any regulatory authority in this regard. 

In the past, we have delayed filing of monthly GST returns with an average delay of 1 day, 1 day, 11.5 days, 3.5 days, 9 days and 4.33 days for FY 2024, FY 2023, FY 2022, FY2021, FY 2019 and FY 2018 respectively on account of (a) initial stage complexities in registration in the creation and approval process of employee IDs; (b) COVID outbreak and lockdown; (c) technical issues with OTP generation for GST filing; and (d) expired digital signature of the registered person of the Company etc. Similarly, we have a delay of 8 days and 30 days in EPF payments for FY 2023-24 and FY 2022-23, respectively on account of initial stage complexities in registration in the creation and approval process of employee IDs. In the six months period ended September 30, 2024, we have a delay of 1 day, in professional tax payment on account of technical issues with OTP generation. 

We have taken steps to improve the internal system for payment of GST to mitigate the technical difficulties and the Company has also appointed an external consultant to ensure timely payment of towards EPF, professional tax and ESIC. However, we cannot assure that our Company will not commit such inadvertent delays or defaults in future, or any penalty or fine will not be imposed by any regulatory authority in respect to the same. The happening of such an event may cause a material effect on our results of operations and financial position. 

# **_39. Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuations that may restrict our ability to carry on project activities thereby adversely affecting our revenues and business operations._** 

Our business operations are dependent on the location where the project to be executed is situated, the weather conditions there which could include factors such as heavy rains, landslides, floods including during the monsoon season, each of which may restrict our ability to carry on project activities and fully utilize our resources during the season. Our ability to transport the required manpower and machinery to such location are also critical to our timely completion of the projects. During periods of curtailed activity due to adverse weather conditions, particularly unseasonal rains, we may continue to incur overhead and financing expenses, but our revenues from operations may be delayed or reduced. Adverse seasonal developments may also require the evacuation of personnel, suspension or curtailment of operations, resulting in damage to project sites or delays in the delivery of raw materials. Any such fluctuations may adversely affect our total income, cash flows, results of operations and financial conditions. 

**_40. Our inability to obtain, renew or maintain our statutory and regulatory permits and approvals required to operate our businesses may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows._** 

We are required to obtain various statutory and regulatory permits and approvals to operate our business which requires us to comply with certain terms and conditions to continue our operations. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there are no material approvals applied for by our Company but yet to be received and there are no material approvals required but not obtained or applied for by our Company. Failure to obtain these permits and approvals may result in imposition of fines and penalties by the relevant regulator. Further, the said approvals and permits also require us to comply with certain terms and conditions, and in the event that we are unable to comply with any or all of these terms and conditions or seek waivers or extensions of time for complying with these terms and conditions, we may be subject to stringent restrictions on our operations. This may result in the 

53 

interruption of all or some of our operations and may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results and cash flow. In the event that we are unable to obtain, renew or maintain statutory permits and approvals or comply with regulatory requirements, it may result in the interruption of all or some of our operations, imposition of penalties and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial performance and reputation. 

In addition, we are required to obtain certain approvals in the normal course of our business such as employee provident fund, employees’ state insurance corporation registration and tax registrations. For further details, please see section titled “ _Government and Other Approvals”_ on page 353. Further, our approvals and licenses are subject to numerous conditions, some of which are onerous and may require us to incur substantial expenditure in order to comply with such conditions. We may not, at all times, have all the approvals required for our business. We cannot assure you that the approvals, licenses, registrations or permits issued to us will not be suspended or revoked, or that applicable penalties will not be imposed on us in the event of non-compliance with any terms and conditions. We may also incur substantial costs related to litigation if we are subject to significant regulatory action, which may adversely affect our business, future financial performance and results of operations. 

# **_41. While the name and logo used by us for our business is registered, our inability to protect our intellectual property from third party infringement may adversely affect our business and prospects._** 

As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has obtained registered trademark in relation to our 



name and logo under class 37 of the Trade Marks Act, 1999. While we enjoy the statutory protections accorded to a registered trademark, we rely on protections available under Indian law, which may not be adequate to prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties. Notwithstanding the precautions we take to protect our intellectual property rights, it is possible that third parties may infringe on our rights, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. For further details, please see section titled “ _Government and Other Approvals - Intellectual Property”_ on page 354. 

# **_42. We maintain a workforce based upon current and anticipated workloads. If we do not receive future contract awards or if these awards are delayed, additional employee cost may be incurred._** 

We generally appoint critical employees under direct role. Our estimates of future performance depend on, among other matters, whether and when we will receive certain new contract awards, including the extent to which we utilize our workforce. The rate at which we utilize our workforce is impacted by a variety of factors including our ability to manage attrition, our ability to forecast our need for services which allows us to maintain an appropriately sized workforce, our ability to transition employees from completed projects to new projects or between internal business groups, and our need to devote resources to non-chargeable activities such as training or business development. While our estimates are based upon our good faith judgment, these estimates can be unreliable and may frequently change based on newly available information. The uncertainty of contract award timing can present difficulties in matching our workforce size with our contract needs. If an expected contract award is delayed or not received, we could incur cost resulting from reductions in staff or redundancy of facilities that would have the effect of reducing our profits. 

The cost of providing our services, including the extent to which we utilize our workforce, affects our profitability. For example, the uncertainty of contract award timing can present difficulties in matching our workforce size with our contracts. If an expected contract award is delayed or not received, we could incur cost resulting from excess staff, reductions in staff, or redundancy of facilities that could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial conditions, and results of operations. 

# **_43. Conditions and restrictions imposed on us by the agreements governing our indebtedness and our inability to meet our obligations, including financial and other covenants under our debt financing arrangements could adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We have incurred indebtedness of ₹ 547.16 million as of November 30, 2024, and we may avail debt facilities in the future to run our business. Our Debt Equity ratio as on six months period ended September 30, 2024 and the financial years ended March 31, 2024, March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, was 0.00 times, 0.01 times, 0.01 times and Nil times, respectively. Further, our interest coverage ratio was 307.50 times, 155.13 times, 739.88 times and Nil times, as on six months period ended September 30, 2024 and financial years ended March 31, 

54 

2024, March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively. Our ability to meet our debt service obligations and repay our outstanding borrowings will depend primarily on the cash generated by our business. 

Further, our existing financing agreements contain certain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to undertake certain types of transactions, and require us to obtain consents from respective lenders prior to carrying out specified activities and entering into certain transactions, any of which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. While we have not defaulted in complying with the covenants or obligations under the financing agreements in the six months period ended September 30, 2024 and the last three financial years, we cannot assure you that we will continue to comply with all the covenants in the future. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain approvals to undertake any of these activities as and when required or comply with such covenants or other covenants in the future. In the event we breach any financial or other covenants contained in any of our financing arrangements, we may be required to immediately repay our borrowings either in whole or in part, together with any related costs. Our failure to meet our obligations under the debt financing agreements, including our repayment obligations under the financing arrangements could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. For details in connection with our indebtedness, please see section titled “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 345. 

Further, these debt obligations are typically secured by a combination of security interests over our assets, including hypothecation of movables and future receivables. The security allows our lenders to inter alia sell the relevant assets in the event of our default. 

Further, if we incur more debt or if there is an increase in the applicable interest rates for our existing debt, our interest payment obligations will increase, and we may become subject to additional conditions from our lenders, including additional restrictions on the operation of our business. The financing agreements that we are party to, or which we may enter into in the future, may be unilaterally terminated by our lenders or our lenders could decline to lend to us under such agreements. Further, we cannot assure you that we will be able to raise additional financing in a timely manner on favourable terms, or at all. Any failure in the future to obtain necessary financing could result in a cash flow mismatch and adversely impact our growth plans. Any of these factors could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, our cash flows and results of operations. 

# **_44. Our Promoters have provided guarantees in connection with our borrowings. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected by the revocation of all or any of the guarantees provided by our Promoters in connection with our Company’s borrowings._** 

Our Promoters have provided personal guarantees to lenders for our borrowings. Total outstanding amount of our borrowings secured by way of personal guarantees of our Promoters is ₹ 577.24 million as on September 30, 2024. Further, the total sanctioned amount of our borrowings, secured by way of personal guarantees extended by our Promoters is ₹ 817.71 million as on September 30, 2024. In addition, the respective guarantors are also responsible for any overdue interest or penalties on our borrowings. If any of these guarantees are revoked, our lenders may require alternative guarantees or cancel such loans or facilities, entailing repayment of amounts outstanding under such facilities. If we are unable to procure alternative guarantees which are satisfactory to our lenders, we may need to seek alternative sources of capital, which may not be available to us at commercially reasonable terms or at all, or we may have to agree to more onerous terms under our financing agreements, which may limit our operational flexibility. Accordingly, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected by the revocation of all or any of the guarantees provided by our Promoters in connection with our Company’s borrowings. For further details, please see sections titled “ _Financial Information_ ” and “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on pages 249 and 345, respectively. 

**_45. We are heavily dependent on various heavy construction equipment at our sites. Any unscheduled, unplanned or prolonged disruption or break-down of our equipment could adversely affect our business, financial results and growth prospects._** 

We conduct our operations at our project sites across Karnataka. Our business is dependent on our ability to efficiently manage our project sites, which is subject to various operating risks, including those beyond our control, such as the equipment breakdown, or accidents, severe weather conditions (including heavy rainfall), natural disasters and infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic resulting in unplanned slowdowns. Any significant malfunction or breakdown of our equipment may entail significant repair and maintenance costs and cause delays in our operations. While we have not had any instance of unscheduled, unplanned or prolonged disruption or break-down of equipment disrupting the operations of our Company in the six months period ended September 30, 2024 and the last three financial years, we cannot assure you that such 

55 

instance may not happen in the future, which may disrupt the operations of the Company and have an adverse impact on the business of our Company. 

Further, if we are unable to repair & restore our equipment in a timely manner or at all, our operations may need to be suspended until we procure the appropriate equipment to replace them. Our inability to timely repair our equipment or procure spare parts in a timely manner, may result in operational downtime. In case, we are unable to carry out the necessary repair of the malfunctioned equipment promptly, our timelines for completion of the project may be hampered which could have an adverse impact on our business. 

# **_46. The objects of the Issue include funding working capital requirements of our Company which are based on certain assumptions and estimates._** 

The objects of the Issue including working capital requirements of our Company, which are based on management estimates and certain assumptions. For further details, please see section titled “ _Objects of the Issue_ ” on page 98 The working capital requirements and deployment of funds may be subject to change due to factors beyond our control including force majeure conditions, availability of funding from banks or financial institutions. Accordingly, such working capital requirements and deployment of proceeds may not be indicative of the actual requirements of our Company in the future and investors are advised to not place undue reliance on such estimates of future working capital requirements. 

# **_47. Our inability to successfully implement some or all our business strategies in a timely manner or at all could have an adverse effect on our business. Further, our inability to effectively manage any of these issues may adversely affect our business growth and, as a result, impact our businesses, financial condition and results of operations._** 

As part of our strategy aimed towards business growth and improvement of market position, we intend to implement several business strategies, which include: 

- Leverage core competencies in execution of water management projects; 

- Expanding our geographical area of operations 

- Pursue other segments within infrastructure development space; and 

- Monetising our existing properties. 

For further details, please see section titled “ _Our Business – Our Strategy_ ” on page 186. 

Our strategies may not succeed due to various factors, including our inability and failure to develop procure new projects with sufficient growth potential as per the changing market requirements, our failure to effectively market our services or foresee challenges with respect to our business initiatives, our failure to sufficiently upgrade our infrastructure, automation, equipment and technology as required to cater to the requirement of changing demand and market preferences, our failure to maintain quality and consistency in our operations or to ensure scaling of our operations to correspond with our strategy and customer demand, changes in GoI policy or regulation, our inability to respond to regular competition, and other operational and management difficulties. While we have not faced any issues in relation to implementation of our strategies in the six months period ended September 30, 2024 and the last three financial years, however, any failure on our part to implement our strategy due to many reasons as attributed aforesaid could be detrimental to our long-term business outlook and our growth prospects and may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, our ability to sustain growth depends primarily upon our ability to manage issues such as our ability to sustain existing relationships with our clients, ability to compete effectively, ability to scaling up our operations, adhering to high quality and execution standards, ability to expand our presence in other parts of India, the effectiveness of our marketing initiatives, selecting and retaining skilled personnel. Sustained growth also puts pressure on our ability to effectively manage and control historical and emerging risks. Our inability to effectively manage any of these issues and implement our business strategies may adversely affect our business growth and, as a result, impact our businesses, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_48. Our Promoters and certain of our Directors may be interested in our Company other than remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Our Promoters and certain of our Directors, while managing the day to day operations, are interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses, to the extent of their shareholding and benefits such as dividends arising therefrom. Our Directors may also be interested to the extent 

56 

of any transaction entered into by our Company with any other company/firm/entity in which they are director/promoter/partner. While our Promoters and Directors believe that they act in the benefit and best interest of our Company, we cannot assure you that they will continue to do so. For details, please see sections titled “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group_ ” and “ _Our Management_ ” on pages 240 and 222, respectively. Also please see section titled “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Information- Note no. 51- Related Party Disclosures_ ” on page 304. 

# **_49. We may not be able to secure additional funding in the future. In the event our Company is unable to obtain sufficient funding, it may delay our growth plans and have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows and financial condition._** 

From time to time, our Company’s plans may change due to changing circumstances, new business developments, new challenges or investment opportunities or unforeseen contingencies. If our plans change or if we are required to adapt to changing circumstances or business realities, our Company may need to obtain additional financing to meet inter alia capital expenditure. Such financing may be in the form of debt funding, which may be raised through borrowings from commercial banks, issue of debentures or other debt securities. If we raise funds in future by incurring additional debt, the interest and debt repayment obligations of our Company will increase, and we may be subject to supplementary or new covenants, which could limit our ability to access cash flow from operations and/or other means of financing. Moreover, these additional funds could come at a higher cost which may impact our profitability. Further, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain adequate financing to fund future capital requirements on acceptable terms, in time. 

# **_50. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the Shareholders._** 

We have in the course of our business entered into, and will continue to enter into, several transactions with our related parties. For further details, please see section titled “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Information- Note no. 51 - Related Party Disclosures_ ” on page 304. 

While all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, in compliance with Companies Act, 2013 and other applicable laws, we cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. The related party transactions that are more than 10% of the total transactions of a similar nature for the six months period ended September 30, 2024 and Fiscals 2024, 2023 and 2022 are as below: 

_<u>(₹ in million except as stated)</u>_ 

|**Nature of**<br>**Transaction**|**Six months**<br>**period**<br>**ended**<br>**September**<br>**30, 2024**|**% of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operati**<br>**on**|**Fiscal**<br>**2024**|**% of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**|**Fiscal**<br>**2023**|**% of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**|**Fiscal**<br>**2022**|**% of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operatio**<br>**n**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Contract*|98.70|10.09%|246.63|10.20|334.80|19.05|741.80|62.01|
|Consultancy|6.13|0.63%|11.33|0.47|-|-|-|-|
|Technical/Ser<br>vice|0.07|0.01%|23.62|0.98|-|-|-|-|



_*Entities in which KMP or relatives of KMP can exercise significant influence - RPS ACC DPIPL joint venture and R P Shetty joint venture with our Company_ 

The transactions we have entered into and any further transactions that we may enter into with our related parties could potentially involve conflicts of interest which may be detrimental to us. Although all related party transactions that we may enter into post-listing, will be subject to board or shareholder approval, as necessary under the Companies Act, 2013, as amended and the SEBI Listing Regulations, we cannot assure you that such transactions in the future, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_51. We have a high working capital requirement and if we are unable to raise sufficient working capital our operations will be adversely affected._** 

Our business operations are subject to high working capital requirements. Currently, we meet our working capital requirements through a mix of internal accruals and working capital facilities from scheduled commercial banks. As on November 30, 2024, we had sanctioned working capital facilities aggregating to ₹ 105 million as fund- 

57 

based limit (over draft) and non-fund-based facility of ₹ 700 million. While we believe that our internal accruals and working capital facilities availed from our lenders will be sufficient to address our working capital requirements, we cannot assure you that we will continue to generate sufficient internal accruals and / or be able to raise adequate working capital from lenders to address our future needs. Our inability to meet our present or enhanced working capital requirements will have an adverse impact on our results of operation, business and financial condition. For further details pertaining to our present working capital position, please see sections titled “ _Financial Indebtedness”_ and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation”_ beginning on pages 345 and 315, respectively. 

# **_52. Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus contain information from Marketysers Global Report, which has been commissioned and paid for by our Company as well as the and the IISc Report and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in the Issue is subject to inherent risks._** 

Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus include information based on, or derived from, the Marketysers Global Report or extracts of the Marketysers Global Report prepared by Marketysers Global Consulting LLP (Reports and Data), which is not related to our Company, Directors or Promoters. We commissioned and paid for this report for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with the Issue. Further, we have included extracts or information flowing from the IISc Report in order to capture certain aspects of the industry we operate in. All such information in this Red Herring Prospectus indicates the Marketysers Global Report and / or IISc Report as its source. Accordingly, any information in this Red Herring Prospectus derived from, or based on, the Marketysers Global Report and / or IISc Report should be read taking into consideration the foregoing. 

Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Further, the Marketysers Global Report is not a recommendation to invest / disinvest in any company covered in the Marketysers Global Report. Accordingly, prospective investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on this information. 

In view of the foregoing, you may not be able to seek legal recourse for any losses resulting from undertaking any investment in the Issue pursuant to reliance on the information in this Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the Marketysers Global Report. You should consult your own advisors and undertake an independent assessment of information in this Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the Marketysers Global Report before making any investment decision regarding the Issue. Please see section titled “ _Industry Overview_ ” on page 122. For the disclaimers associated with the Marketysers Global Report, please see section titled “ _Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information and Market Data and Currency of Presentation – Industry and Market Data_ ” on page 18. 

**_53. Our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of Net Proceeds have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution or any other independent agency and are based on management estimates._** 

Our funding requirements set out in the section titled “ _Objects of the Issue_ ” on page 98 are based on management estimates and have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution or any other independent agency. Our funding requirements are based on our current business plan and may vary based on various factors including macro-economic and other changes. In view of the dynamic nature of the industry in which we operate, we may have to revise our business plan from time to time and, consequently, the funding requirement and the utilisation of proceeds from the Issue may also change. This may also include rescheduling the proposed utilisation of Net Proceeds at the discretion of our management. We may make necessary changes to utilisation of Net Proceeds in compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act and the Company will make use of Net Proceeds as per applicable laws. In the event of any variation in actual utilisation of the Net Proceeds, any increased fund deployment for a particular activity may be met from funds earmarked from any other activity and/or from our internal accruals. Further, any such revision in the estimates may require us to revise our projected expenditure which may have a bearing on our profitability. 

**_54. Any variation in the utilisation of our Net Proceeds would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior Shareholders’ approval._** 

We propose to utilise the Net Proceeds towards funding working capital requirements of our Company and general corporate purposes. For further details of the proposed objects of the Issue, please see section titled “ _Objects of the Issue_ ” on page 98 We cannot determine with any certainty if we would require the Net Proceeds to meet any 

58 

other expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of the competitive environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. Further, the Net Proceeds are intended to be utilised by the Company only and none of the members of our Promoter Group or Group Companies will receive any portion of the Net Proceeds. The planned use of the Net Proceeds is based on current conditions and is subject to changes in external circumstances, costs, other financial conditions or business strategies. Any variation in the planned use of the Net Proceeds will be made in compliance with SEBI ICDR Regulations, SEBI Listing Regulations, and other applicable laws and would also require Shareholders’ approval by passing a special resolution and our Promoters will be required to provide an exit opportunity to the Shareholders who do not agree to such proposal to vary the objects and may involve considerable time or cost overrun and in such an eventuality it may adversely affect our operations or business. 

# **_55. The requirements of being a publicly listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a publicly listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the compliance requirement or the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the SEBI Listing Regulations, which will require us to file audited annual and limited reviewed quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition, in addition to various other compliances which will entail incurring costs. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. 

Further, as a publicly listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

# **_56. We cannot assure payment of dividends on the Equity Shares in the future. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon our earnings, financial condition, cash flows and capital requirements._** 

Our ability to pay dividends depends on our earnings, financial condition, cash flows, capital requirements, applicable Indian legal restrictions and other factors. We may decide to retain all of our earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business and, therefore, may not declare dividends on our Equity Shares. We may, in the future, be restricted by the terms of our loan agreements, from making any dividend payments, unless otherwise agreed upon by our lenders. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. For further details on our dividend policy and dividends paid, please see section titled “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 248. The declaration and payment of dividends will be recommended by the Board of Directors and approved by the Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act, 2013. Our Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source from such dividend. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. 

# **_57. The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares held by our Promoters may be less than the Issue Price._** 

The average cost of acquisition per Equity Share held by our Promoters namely, Sowbhagyamma, Sujith T R, C Mruthyunjaya Swamy and Hema H M is ₹7.07, ₹2.50, Nil and Nil, respectively. Since the average cost of acquisition by our Promoters may be lesser than the Issue Price, investors who purchase the Equity Shares may do so at a cost that is higher than the average cost of acquisition of the Equity Shares of our Promoters. 

# **_58. We will continue to be controlled by our Promoters after the completion of the Issue._** 

As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters hold 96.02% of our Equity Share capital. After completion of this Issue, our Promoters will continue to exercise significant control or exert significant influence over our business policies and affairs and all matters requiring Shareholders’ approval, including composition of our Board, the adoption of amendments to our constitutional documents, the approval of mergers, strategic acquisitions or joint ventures and the policies for dividends, lending, investments and capital expenditures. 

59 

Accordingly, the interests of our Promoters in capacity as Shareholder of the Company may conflict with the interests of other Shareholders of the Company. Any such conflict may adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy or to operate our business. 

# **_59. Negative publicity could damage our reputation and adversely impact business and financial results._** 

Negative public opinion about the Company, or the industries in which we serve could adversely affect our ability to retain and attract merchants, customers and employees and expose us to litigation and regulatory actions. Negative public opinion can result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including but not limited to cybersecurity breaches, failures to safeguard personal information, corporate governance, sales and marketing practices, regulatory compliance, mergers and acquisitions, and actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to that conduct. Any actual or alleged conduct by one business that we operate can result in negative public opinion about other businesses that we operate. Although we take steps to minimize reputational risk in dealing with merchants and end-customers, we are inherently exposed to this risk. The proliferation of social media may increase the likelihood that negative public opinion from any of the events discussed above will impact our reputation and business. 

# **_External Risks_** 

# **Risks Relating to India** 

# **_60. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

The Indian economy and its capital markets are influenced by economic, political and market conditions in India and globally including the volatility in the securities markets in other countries. We are dependent on prevailing economic conditions in India and our results of operations are affected by factors influencing the Indian economy. Further, the following external risks may have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations, should any of them materialize: 

- increase in interest rates may adversely affect our access to capital and increase our borrowing costs, which may constrain our ability to grow our business and operate profitably; 

- any exchange rate fluctuations, the imposition of currency controls and restrictions on the right to convert or repatriate currency or export assets; 

- political instability, resulting from a change in governmental or economic and fiscal policies, may adversely affect economic conditions in India. In recent years, India has implemented various economic and political reforms. Reforms in relation to land acquisition policies and trade barriers have led to increased incidents of social unrest in India over which we have no control; 

- civil unrest, acts of violence, terrorist attacks, regional conflicts or situations or war including in India’s various neighbouring countries; India has experienced epidemics and natural calamities such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, and drought in recent years; 

- any act of God and its consequent impact on public and economy; 

- occurrence of natural or man-made disasters (such as typhoons, flooding, earthquakes and fires) which may cause us to suspend our operations; 

- prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; 

- decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves which may affect liquidity in the Indian economy; 

- other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India or its consumption sector; 

- protectionist and other adverse public policies, including local content requirements, import/export tariffs, increased regulations or capital investment requirements; 

- macroeconomic factors and central bank regulation, including in relation to interest rates movements which may in turn adversely impact our access to capital and increase our borrowing costs; 

- logistical and communications challenges; 

- difficulty in developing any necessary partnerships with local businesses on commercially acceptable terms or on a timely basis; 

- international business practices that may conflict with other customs or legal requirements to which we are subject to, including anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws; being subject to the jurisdiction of foreign courts, including uncertainty of judicial processes and difficulty enforcing contractual agreements or judgments in foreign legal systems or incurring additional costs to do so; and 

- contagious diseases such as the COVID-19 pandemic, the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine, and any other diseases. A worsening of the current COVID-19 pandemic or any similar future outbreaks of COVID-19, avian or swine influenza or a similar contagious 

60 

disease could adversely affect the Indian economy and economic activity in the region. 

Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. Our performance and the growth of our business depends on the overall performance of the Indian economy as well as the economies of the regional markets in which we operate. 

**_61. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of corporate, labour and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects._** 

The regulatory environment in which we operate is evolving and is subject to change. The GoI may implement new laws or other regulations that could affect our industry, which could lead to new compliance requirements. New compliance requirements could increase our costs or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, the manner in which new requirements will be enforced or interpreted can lead to uncertainty in our operations and could adversely affect our operations. Any adverse regulatory change in this regard could lead to fluctuation of prices of construction materials and thereby increase our operational cost. Additionally, our loans are subject to specific conditions imposed by the Ministry of Commerce and Industry, GoI and the RBI. In the event of any adverse regulatory development or in the event that we are otherwise not able to secure such loans, we may not be able to benefit from such low interest rates or the ability to fix the price within the specified time frame at the same price at which we sell our products to our customers. 

The Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2021, also prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. Further, as GST is implemented, there can be no assurance that we will not be required to comply with additional procedures or obtain additional approvals and licenses from the government and other regulatory bodies or that they will not impose onerous requirements and conditions on our operations. With the implementation of GST, we are obligated to pass on any benefits accruing to us as result of the transition to GST to the consumer thereby limiting our benefits. In order for us to utilise input credit under GST, the entire value chain has to be GST compliant, including us. While we are and will continue to adhere to the GST rules and regulations, there can be no assurance that our suppliers and dealers will do so. Any such failure may result in increased cost on account of non-compliance with the GST and may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

The Competition Act, 2002, as amended (“ **Competition Act** ”) prohibits any anti-competition agreement or arrangement, understanding or action in concert between enterprises, whether formal or informal, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. The combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to, and pre-approved by, the Competition Commission of India, or CCI. Any breach of the provisions of Competition Act, may attract substantial monetary penalties. The Competition Act aims to, among other things, prohibit all agreements and transactions, which may have an appreciable adverse effect in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside of India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an appreciable adverse effect in India. We are not currently party to any outstanding proceedings, nor have we ever received any notice in relation to noncompliance with the Competition Act. Any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI in future, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

In addition, many laws and regulations relating to privacy and the collection, storing, sharing, use, disclosure, and protection of certain types of data are subject to varying degrees of enforcement and new and changing 

61 

interpretations by courts or regulators. Several jurisdictions have implemented new data protection regulations and others are considering imposing additional restrictions or regulations. 

Similarly, changes in other laws may require additional compliances and/or result in us incurring additional expenditure. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. For instance, the Supreme Court of India has in a decision clarified the components of basic wages which need to be considered by companies while making provident fund payments, which resulted in an increase in the provident fund payments to be made by companies. Our employees are employed by us and are entitled to statutory employment benefits, such as defined benefit gratuity plan, among others. In addition to our permanent employees, we empanel agencies for our outsourcing requirements and also engage persons on a contractual basis. We are subject to various labour laws and regulations governing our relationships with our employees and contractors, including in relation to minimum wages, working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and terminating the contracts of employees and contractors, contract labour and work permits. 

The Government of India has passed new laws relating to social security, occupational safety, industrial relations and wages namely, the Code on Social Security, 2020, the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020, the Industrial Relations Code, 2020 and the Code on Wages, 2019, respectively which were to take effect from April 1, 2021 (collectively, the “ **Labour Codes** ”). The Government of India has deferred the effective date of the Labour Codes and they shall come into force from such date as may be notified by the Government. Further, the Code on Social Security, 2020 (“ **Social Security Code** ”) will impact overall employee expenses and, in turn, could impact the profitability of our Company. Under the Social Security Code, a new concept of deemed remuneration has been introduced, such that where an employee receives more than half (or such other percentage as may be notified by the Central Government), of their total remuneration in the form of allowances and other amounts that are not included within the definition of wages under the Social Security Code, the excess amount received shall be deemed as remuneration and accordingly be added to wages for the purposes of the Social Security Code and the compulsory contribution to be made towards the employees’ provident fund. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

# **_62. Financial instability in the global or Indian financial markets could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition and may cause the price of our Equity Shares to decline_** . 

The Indian financial market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly in the USA and Asian emerging market countries. Financial turmoil in the global economy has affected the Indian economy in the past. Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. A loss in investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy and could harm our results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on our principal markets. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. Following the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union (“ **Brexit** ”), there still remains significant uncertainty around the impact of Brexit on the general economic conditions in the United Kingdom and the European Union and any consequential impact on global financial markets. 

In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. Such developments, or the perception that they could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or 

62 

restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_63. Civil disturbances, regional conflicts and other acts of violence in India and abroad may disrupt or otherwise adversely affect the Indian economy._** 

Certain events that are beyond the control of our Company, such as violence, civil unrest, or geo-political unrest, including those involving India, Russia, Ukraine, the United Kingdom, USA, China or other countries, may adversely affect worldwide financial markets and could potentially lead to a severe economic recession, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and more generally, any of these events could lower confidence in India’s economy. Southern Asia has, from time to time, experienced instances of civil unrest and political tensions and hostilities among neighbouring countries. Political tensions could create a perception that there is a risk of disruption of services provided by India-based companies, which could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. Furthermore, if India were to become engaged in armed hostilities, particularly hostilities that are protracted or involve the threat or use of nuclear weapons, the Indian economy and consequently Company’s operations might be significantly affected. India has from time to time experienced social and civil unrest and hostilities, including riots, regional conflicts and other acts of violence. Events of this nature in the future could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_64. If inflation rises in India, increased costs may result in a decline in profits._** 

India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increasing inflation in India could cause a rise in the costs of rent, wages, construction materials and other expenses. High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our clients, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. If we are unable to increase our revenues sufficiently to offset our increased costs due to inflation, it could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, the GoI and RBI have previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear how such measures will impact our business as well as the business of our customers. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

# **_65. Our ability to raise foreign capital may be constrained by Indian law._** 

As an Indian company, we are subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies. Such regulatory restrictions limit our financing sources and could constrain our ability to obtain financings on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, we cannot assure you that any required regulatory approvals for borrowing in foreign currencies will be granted to us without onerous conditions, or at all. Limitations on foreign debt may have an adverse effect on our business growth, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_66. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under the foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions) if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI or in the alternate, the pricing is in compliance with the extant provisions of the SEBI Regulations. If the transfer of shares is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred above, then the prior approval of the RBI will be required. Additionally, Shareholders who seek to convert the Rupee proceeds from sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India may require a no objection or a tax clearance certificate from the income tax authority. As provided in the foreign exchange controls currently in effect in India, the RBI has provided that the price at which the Equity Shares are transferred be calculated in accordance with internationally accepted pricing methodology for the valuation of shares at an arm’s length basis, and a higher (or lower, as applicable) price per share may not be permitted. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other Indian government agency can be obtained on any particular terms, or at all. Further, due to possible delays in obtaining requisite approvals, investors in the Equity Shares may be prevented from realizing gains during periods of price increase or limiting losses during periods of price decline. 

The Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of the Equity Shares will be paid in ₹ and subsequently converted into appropriate foreign currency for repatriation. In addition, any adverse movement in exchange rates during a delay in repatriating the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares 

63 

outside India, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares, may reduce the net proceeds received by shareholders. 

In terms of Press Note 3 of 2020, dated April 17, 2020, issued by the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (“ **DPIIT** ”), the foreign direct investment policy has been recently amended to state that all investments under the foreign direct investment route by entities of a country which shares land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country will require prior approval of the GoI. Further, in the event of a transfer of ownership of any existing or future foreign direct investment in an entity in India, directly or indirectly, resulting in the beneficial ownership falling within the aforesaid restriction/ purview, such subsequent change in the beneficial ownership will also require approval of the GoI. Furthermore, on April 22, 2020, the Ministry of Finance, GoI has also made a similar amendment to the FEMA Rules. While the term “beneficial owner” is defined under the Prevention of Money-Laundering (Maintenance of Records) Rules, 2005 and the General Financial Rules, 2017, neither the foreign direct investment policy nor the FEMA Rules provide a definition of the term “beneficial owner”. The interpretation of “beneficial owner” and enforcement of this regulatory change involves certain uncertainties, which may have an adverse effect on our ability to raise foreign capital. Further, there is uncertainty regarding the timeline within which the said approval from the GoI may be obtained, if at all. 

# **_67. There is no existing market for the Equity Shares, and we do not know if one will develop. The Issue Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Issue._** 

Prior to the Issue, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Indian Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Issue. The Issue Price of the Equity Shares has been determined by our Company in consultation with the BRLM and in accordance with the Book Building Process and is based on numerous factors. For further details, please see section titled “ _Basis for Issue Price_ ” on page 108. The Issue Price of the Equity Shares may bear no relationship to the market price of the Equity Shares after the Issue. The Issue Price is not indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Issue. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Issue and may decline below the Issue Price. There can be no assurances that Bidders who are Allotted Equity Shares through the Issue will be able to re-sell their Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price. 

# **_68. A slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer._** 

Our performance and the growth of our business are necessarily dependent on the health of the overall Indian economy. Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy or future volatility in global commodity prices could adversely affect our business. Additionally, an increase in trade deficit, a downgrading in India’s sovereign debt rating or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively affect interest rates and liquidity, which could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business. In particular, the COVID-19 pandemic caused an economic downturn in India and globally. Any downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India could also adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

India’s economy could be adversely affected by a general rise in interest rates or inflation, adverse weather conditions affecting agriculture, commodity and energy prices as well as various other factors. A slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect the policy of the GoI towards our industry, which may in turn adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to implement our business strategy. 

The Indian economy is also influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market conditions in Asia. A decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves and exchange rate fluctuations may also affect liquidity and interest rates in the Indian economy, which could adversely impact our financial condition. A loss of investor confidence in other emerging market economies or any worldwide financial instability may adversely affect the Indian economy, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Further, other factors which may adversely affect the Indian economy are scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing of our expansions; volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies, like application of GST; political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; occurrence of natural or manmade disasters; infectious disease outbreaks or other serious public health concerns; prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; and other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India or its financial services sectors. 

**_69. An investment in the Equity Shares is subject to general risks related to investments in Indian_** 

64 

# **_companies._** 

We are incorporated in India and our assets and employees are located in India. Consequently, our business, results of operations, financial condition and the market price of the Equity Shares will be affected by changes in interest rates in India, policies of the Government of India, including taxation policies along with policies relating to industry, political, social and economic developments affecting India. 

**_70. Any downgrading of India’s debt rating by an international rating agency could have an adverse impact on our business._** 

India's sovereign rating is Baa3 with a “stable” outlook (Moody’s), BBB-with a “stable” outlook (S&P) and BBB with a “stable” outlook (Fitch). India’s sovereign rating could be downgraded due to various factors, including changes in tax or fiscal policy or a decline in India's foreign exchange reserves, which are outside our control. Any adverse change in India's credit ratings by international rating agencies may adversely impact the Indian economy and consequently our ability to raise additional financing in a timely manner or at all, as well as the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing is available. This could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance, ability to obtain financing for capital expenditures and the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_71. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as United States Generally Accepted Accounting Practices (“US GAAP”) and international financial reporting standards (“IFRS”), which may be material to investors’ assessments of our financial condition._** 

The Restated Consolidated Financial Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with Ind AS. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP or IFRS. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the Ind AS financial statements, which are restated as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations included in this Red Herring Prospectus, will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

**_72. We have in this Red Herring Prospectus included certain non-GAAP financial measures and Key Performance Indicators (“KPIs”) that may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across our industry.  We rely on certain assumptions and estimates to calculate such measures, therefore such measures may not be comparable with financial, operational or industry-related statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other similar companies._** 

We have included certain financial and operational measures in this Red Herring Prospectus, which we believe to be non-GAAP financial measures (“Non-GAAP Measures”) and KPIs, in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.  We compute and disclose such KPIs relating to our operations and financial performance as we consider such information to be useful measures of our business and financial performance, and because such measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and others to evaluate the operational performance of companies such as us. These KPIs may not  be  computed  on  the  basis  of  any  standard  methodology  that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to financial and operational measures, and industry-related statistical  information  of  similar  nomenclature  that  may  be  computed  and  presented  by other companies  pursuing  similar  business. 

65 

# **_73. Rights of Shareholders under Indian laws may differ to those under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian laws and legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and Shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law, including in relation to class actions, may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as a Shareholder in an Indian company than as a Shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

# **_74. A third party could be prevented from acquiring control of our Company because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian law._** 

There are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company, even if a change in control would result in the purchase of your Equity Shares at a premium to the market price or would otherwise be beneficial to you. Such provisions may discourage or prevent certain types of transactions involving actual or threatened change in control of our Company. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/Shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to its stakeholders, it is possible that such a takeover would not be attempted or consummated because of the SEBI Takeover Regulations. 

# **Risks Relating to the Issue and the Equity Shares** 

# **_75. We cannot assure payment of dividends on the Equity Shares in the future._** 

While our declaration of dividends is at the discretion of our Board and subject to Shareholder approval as set out in the section titled “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 248 and the amount of future dividend payments by our Company, if any, will depend upon our future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditures, applicable Indian legal restrictions and other factors. Our Company may decide to retain all of its earnings to finance the development and expansion of its business and therefore, we may not declare dividends on the Equity Shares. Additionally, we may, in the future, be restricted by the terms of our loan agreements to make any dividend payments unless otherwise agreed with our lenders. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon our future results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, sufficient profitability, working capital and capital expenditure requirements. For further details, please see section titled “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 248. We cannot assure you that we will generate sufficient revenues to cover our operating expenses and, as such, pay dividends to the Shareholders consistent with our past practice, or at all. 

**_76. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Issue, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the current market price of some securities listed pursuant to certain previous issues managed by the Book Running Lead Manager may be below their respective issue prices._** 

Prior to the Issue, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Issue. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Issue Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book-building process and shall be based on various factors, as described in the section titled “ _Basis for Issue Price_ ” on page 108. This price may not necessarily be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. You may not be able to re-sell your Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price and may as a result lose all or part of your investment. 

We cannot assure you that active trading in our Equity Shares will develop after the Issue, or if such trading develops that it will continue. The Bidders may not be able to sell our Equity Shares at the quoted price if there is no active trading in our Equity Shares. 

The trading price of our Equity Shares after this Issue may be subject to significant fluctuations as a result of market volatility or due to various internal or external risks, including but not limited to those described in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, the current market price of securities listed pursuant to certain previous initial public offerings managed by the Book Running Lead Manager is below its issue price. For further details, please see section titled “ _Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Price information of past issues handled by the Book Running Lead Manager_ ” on page 362. 

66 

The market price of our Equity Shares may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 

- the failure of security analysts to cover the Equity Shares after this Issue, or changes in the estimates of our performance by analysts; 

- the activities of competitors and suppliers; 

- future sales of the Equity Shares by our major Shareholders; 

- investor perception of us and the industry in which we operate; 

- our quarterly or annual earnings or those of our competitors; 

- developments affecting fiscal, industrial or environmental regulations; 

- the public’s reaction to our press releases and adverse media reports; 

- speculative trading in the Equity Shares; 

- changes in exchange rates; 

- outbreaks of new pandemics and/ or epidemics; and 

- general economic and market conditions. 

Changes in relation to any of the factors listed above could adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares. The market price of the Equity Shares may decline below the Issue Price and investors may not be able to re-sell Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price resulting in a loss of all or part of your investment. 

# **_77. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of the Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, the Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. The value of the investors’ investment and dividend could be adversely affected by any fluctuations in the currency rate. Any dividends in respect of the Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Equity Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the US Dollar has fluctuated in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the returns on the Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

**_78. The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and the Issue Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Issue. Further, the current market price of some securities listed pursuant to certain previous issues managed by the Book Running Lead Managers is below their respective issue prices._** 

There has been no public market for our Equity Shares prior to the Issue. The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and will be determined by our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager. Furthermore, the Issue Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager through the Book Building Process. These will be based on numerous factors, including factors as described under section titled “ _Basis for Issue Price_ ” on page 108 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Issue. You may not be able to re-sell your Equity Shares at or above the Issue price and may as a result lose all or part of your investment. In addition to the above, the current market price of securities listed pursuant to certain previous initial public offerings managed by the Book Running Lead Manager is below their respective issue price. For further details, please see section titled “ _Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Price information of past issues handled by the Book Running Lead Manager_ ” on page 362. The factors that could affect the market price of the Equity Shares include, among others, broad market trends, financial performance and results of our Company post-listing, and other factors beyond our control. We cannot assure you that an active market will develop or sustained trading will take place in the Equity Shares or provide any assurance regarding the price at which the Equity Shares will be traded after listing. 

**_79. There is no guarantee that the Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges in a timely manner or at all. Investors may not be able to immediately sell any of the Equity Shares subscribed to in this Issue on Indian Stock Exchanges._** 

In accordance with current regulations and circulars issued by SEBI, our Equity Shares are required to be listed on the Stock Exchanges within such time as mandated under UPI Circulars, subject to any change in the prescribed 

67 

timeline in this regard. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited with the Equity Shares within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Issue and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately two Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within three Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in the listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise any delay in commencing trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

**_80. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity-linked securities by our Company may dilute your shareholding and the sale of Equity Shares by our Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth, whether organic or inorganic, through future equity offerings. Any future issuance of the Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to the Equity Shares by us, may lead to dilution of your shareholding in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us (including under an employee benefit scheme) or disposal of our Equity Shares by our Promoters or any of our other shareholders or any other change in our shareholding structure to comply with the minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India or any public perception regarding such issuances or sales may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. Further, our Company may consider issue of bonus shares in the future from reserves and surpluses, to reward the shareholders, which could have alternatively been used for dividends or buyback, may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares of our Company. For instance, our reserve funds aggregating to ₹ 496.31 million as on March 31, 2022 was reduced by an amount of ₹ 144.00 million, as these funds were utilised for issuance of 14,400,000 Equity Shares pursuant to bonus issue undertaken on August 21, 2023 in the ratio of 3 Equity Shares for every 1 Equity Share held. For further details, please see section titled “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 87. Further, we cannot assure you that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that our existing Shareholders including our Promoters will not dispose of further Equity Shares after the completion of the Issue (subject to compliance with the lock-in provisions under the SEBI ICDR Regulations) or pledge or encumber their Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of Shareholder’s investment in the Equity Shares and adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. Such securities may also be issued at prices below the Issue Price. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_81. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a public company incorporated in India must offer its equity Shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of Equity Shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to issuance of any new Equity Shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the Equity Shares voting on such resolution. 

However, if the laws of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for your benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of any such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of our Equity Shares, your proportional interests in our Company would be diluted. 

# **_82. The Indian tax regime is currently undergoing substantial changes which could adversely affect our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected by any change in the extensive central and state tax regime in India applicable to us and our business. Tax and other levies imposed by 

68 

the central and state governments in India that affect our tax liability, include central and state taxes and other levies, income tax, turnover tax, goods and services tax, stamp duty and other special taxes and surcharges, which are introduced on a temporary or permanent basis from time to time. This extensive central and state tax regime is subject to change from time to time. The final determination of our tax liability involves the interpretation of local tax laws and related regulations in each jurisdiction, as well as the significant use of estimates and assumptions regarding the scope of future operations and results achieved and the timing and nature of income earned, and expenditures incurred. 

In addition, we are subject to tax related inquiries and claims. We may be particularly affected by claims from tax authorities on account of income tax assessment and GST that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into one tax with effect from July 1, 2017, and all subsequent changes and amendments thereto. 

Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. For instance, the Supreme Court of India has in a decision clarified the components of basic wages which need to be considered by companies while making provident fund payments, which resulted in an increase in the provident fund payments to be made by companies. Any such decisions in future or any further changes in interpretation of laws may have an impact on our results of operations. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. The Finance Act, 2020 has also clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. 

Further, GoI has notified the Finance Act, 2021, which introduced various amendments to the taxation laws in India. Under the Finance Act, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. Further, the GoI has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2025, pursuant to which the Finance Act, 2024, which shall come into force on April 1, 2024 which has introduced various amendments. In addition, unfavorable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, the likely nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. 

**_83. Qualified Institutional Buyers and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid and the Retail Individual Bidders are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after the Bid/Issue Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to block the Bid Amount on the submission of the Bid and not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. RIBs can revise or withdraw their Bids at any time during the Bid/Issue Period and until the Bid/Issue Closing Date, but not thereafter. While our Company is required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all the Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within three (3) Working Days from the Bid/Issue Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by SEBI, events 

69 

affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares allotted pursuant to the Issue or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

**_84. Pursuant to listing of the Equity Shares, we may be subject to pre-emptive surveillance measures like Additional Surveillance Measure (“ASM”) and Graded Surveillance Measures (“GSM”) by the Stock Exchanges in order to enhance market integrity and safeguard the interest of investors._** 

SEBI and Stock Exchanges in order to enhance market integrity and safeguard interest of investors, have been introducing various enhanced pre-emptive surveillance measures. The main objective of these measures is to alert and advice investors to be extra cautious while dealing in these securities and advice market participants to carry out necessary due diligence while dealing in these securities. Accordingly, SEBI and Stock Exchanges have provided for (a) GSM on securities where such trading price of such securities does not commensurate with financial health and fundamentals such as earnings, book value, fixed assets, net-worth, price per equity multiple and market capitalization; and (b) ASM on securities with surveillance concerns based on objective parameters such as price and volume variation and volatility. 

On listing, we may be subject to general market conditions which may include significant price and volume fluctuations. The price of our Equity Shares may also fluctuate after the Issue due to several factors such as volatility in the Indian and global securities market, our profitability and performance, performance of our competitors, changes in the estimates of our performance or any other political or economic factor. The occurrence of any of the abovementioned factors may trigger the parameters identified by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges for placing securities under the GSM or ASM framework such as net worth and net fixed assets of securities, high low variation in securities, client concentration and close to close price variation. In the event our Equity Shares are covered under such pre-emptive surveillance measures implemented by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges, we may be subject to certain additional restrictions in relation to trading of our Equity Shares such as limiting trading frequency (for example, trading either allowed once in a week or a month) or freezing of price on upper side of trading which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Equity Shares or may in general cause disruptions in the development of an active market and trading for our Equity Shares. 

70 

