# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider all the information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, the industry in which we operate or to India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not currently known to us or that we currently do not deem material may also adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are not currently deemed material, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected, the price of our Equity Shares could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. In order to obtain a complete understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Industry Overview”, “Our Business”, “Restated Consolidated Financial Statements”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 108, 120, 198 and 315, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and our business and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved._ 

_Potential investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are unable to quantify the financial or other impact of any of the risks described in this section. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Draft Red Herring Prospectus also contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 19._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information included herein is based on our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Restated Consolidated Financial Statements” on page 198. Unless the context otherwise requires, in this section, references to “we”, “us”, or “our” refers to Devyani International Limited on a consolidated basis and references to “the Company” or “our Company” refers to Devyani International Limited on a standalone basis._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from industry publications, in particular, the report titled “India – The Future of Foodservice to 2025” dated March 2021 (the “GlobalData Report”), prepared and issued by GlobalData, and commissioned and paid for by us. Also see, “Certain Conventions, Presentation of Financial, Industry and Market Data – Industry and Market Data” on page 17._ 

# **INTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

# **RISK FACTORS RELATING TO OUR COMPANY AND INDUSTRY** 

**_1. The current and continuing impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations has been significant. The impact of the pandemic on our operations in the future, including its effect on the ability or desire of customers to dine in stores, is uncertain and may be significant and continue to have an adverse effect on our business prospects, strategies, business, operations, our future financial performance, and the price of our Equity Shares._** 

The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic and its continuing impact, as well as government measures to reduce the spread of COVID-19, have had a substantial impact on our operations across India and abroad since last week of March 2020. The impact of the pandemic on our business, operations and future financial performance have included and may continue to include the following: 

- Temporary as well as permanent store closures and reduced store-level operations, including reduced operating hours and dining-room closures as mandated by regional regulatory bodies. For instance, we permanently closed 61 stores under our Core Brands Business in Fiscal 2021 due to significant decline in footfalls on account of COVID-19. 

- Significant decline in in-store dining due to lockdowns and other restrictive government measures imposed by the central and state governments from time to time. As a result, revenue generated from in-store dining represented 48.85% of our revenue from operations of our Core Brands Business and declined to 29.80% of our revenue from operations of our Core Brands Business in Fiscal 2021. Revenue from operations also declined by 25.16% from ₹ 15,163.86 million in Fiscal 2020 to ₹ 11,348.38 million in Fiscal 2021. Our footfalls and sales are likely to remain affected by the second wave of the pandemic 

27 

that has affected operations at certain stores due to lockdowns imposed by certain state governments. A significant decline or fluctuation in the footfalls at our stores may also affect our ability to manage our inventory of products, resulting in significant write-offs of our inventory, majority of which comprise perishable ingredients for immediate consumption. 

- Restrictive government measures including the standard operating procedures issued by the Government of India that limit utilization of restaurant capacity to 50%, prohibit large gatherings and direct handover of food items from delivery personnel to end-customers, among others. Further, stores located in containment zones, as demarcated by the Government of India from time to time, may have further restrictions imposed on their operations. 

- Closure of our offices, temporary decline in availability of workforce due to employees contracting the virus, and restrictions on certain of our employees from commuting to their places of work. 

- Adverse impacts to our sales, profitability and growth rates – particularly as operating expenses do not decrease at the same pace as revenue declines. Many of our expenses are less variable in nature and may not correlate to changes in revenues, such as lease expenses, depreciation, employee benefit expenses and other costs associated with operating and maintaining our stores. Rental expenses and leave and license fees account for a significant portion of our cash outflows, as a result, we entered into renegotiations under various rental arrangements with mall developers, landlords and lessors during the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in India. While we have re-negotiated certain of our rental arrangements including by receiving certain waivers, there can be no assurance that they would agree to any complete or partial waiver or reduction of rent expenses for the remaining term of the relevant lease. There can also be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such waivers or successfully further renegotiate these arrangements in the future. Also see “ _Risk Factors_ – _We are exposed to all of the risks associated with leasing real estate, and any adverse developments could materially affect our business, results of operations and financial condition_ ” on page 30. 

- Disruptions of the services we receive from third party suppliers of ingredients, store equipment, food delivery aggregators and logistics service providers. 

- Compliance with evolving government regulations, including with respect to social distancing measures, food safety norms and sanitization practices. For instance, FSSAI issued a guidance note on ‘ _Food Hygiene and Safety Guidelines for Food Businesses during Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) Pandemic_ ’ (“ **FSSAI Guidelines** ”) with an intent to provide guidance to food businesses like ours, including their personnel involved in handling of food and other employees to prevent spread of COVID-19 in the work environment and any incidental contamination of food/ food packages. The FSSAI Guidelines mandates strict adherence to General Hygiene Practices specified under Schedule 4 of Food Safety and Standards (Licensing and Registration of Food Businesses) Regulation, 2011. The schedule enumerates multiple compulsory measures to be adopted by food business operators in the interest of human nutrition, safety and hygiene which may result in increased costs. Although we are currently in compliance with the FSSAI Guidelines, any failure in the future to fully comply or adhere to the measures and guidelines set out in the FSSAI Guidelines or any other similar regulations could lead to the imposition of penalties, fines or other sanctions, which could have an adverse impact on our business. 

In addition, one of our key strategies and obligations under our development agreements which is the expansion of our store network, has become increasingly challenging as we have had to delay such expansion plans due to the impact of COVID-19 pandemic. For further information on our store expansion obligations, see “ _Business – Key Agreements_ ” on page 143. While we have been able to mutually agree on revised timelines for our development commitments for KFC and Pizza Hut stores with Yum, there can be no assurance that we will be able to meet these commitments in the event of subsequent waves of the pandemic in India that lead to additional restrictive measures or hamper overall economic recovery. For instance, the second wave of the COVID-19 pandemic in India in April 2021 has led to additional restrictive measures such as lockdowns and curfews in certain parts of India, restricting operations at our stores, and exposing our store operators to the increased risk of contagion. In the event the second wave worsens or is not controlled in a timely manner, we may not be able to meet our revised development commitments, or further revise these arrangements, or operate our stores profitably, or at all. This may also result in various consequences, including termination of various agreements entered into with Yum. For further information, see “ _Risk Factor – We rely on our arrangements with Yum for our KFC and Pizza Hut stores that comprise a significant majority of our business, and a termination of or inability to renew these arrangements, will have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition_ ” on page 30. 

The impact of the ongoing second wave cannot be ascertained at this time, and while we cannot currently estimate the duration or future negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business or on the Indian or global economy, we expect the negative effects to continue into Fiscal 2022. Notwithstanding measures we have adopted to increase safety and hygiene levels, there can be no assurance that footfalls in our stores, sales, and demand for our products will fully recover from the impact of the COVID-19 crisis, and if they do not recover as a result of the COVID-19 crisis continuing or worsening, or otherwise, our business and results of operations would be significantly and adversely impacted, which could also adversely impact our market share. Further, while vaccination drives have begun, the same may not be entirely successful due to shortages or effective at all, and the likelihood of subsequent waves of the COVID-19 pandemic in India remain high. There is no certainty if additional restrictions will be put back in place or if another lockdown would be re-imposed to control the spread of the pandemic. In addition, if our Key 

28 

Managerial Personnel or a significant percentage of our workforce is unable to work due to COVID-19 illness, quarantine, limitations on travel or other government restrictions in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, our operations may be negatively impacted. An outbreak or perceived outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic connected to one or more of our Core Brand or Other Brand stores and outlets could also cause negative publicity directed at any of our brands and cause customers to avoid our stores, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reputation and prospects. 

The financial impact of COVID-19 has had, and is expected to continue to have, an adverse effect on our liquidity, and we continue to monitor and assess our access to appropriate sources of liquidity in order to sustain our business throughout this crisis, and there can be no assurance that additional liquidity from other sources will be available to us on favourable terms, or at all. Also see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 53: Estimation of uncertainties relating to the global health pandemic from COVID-19_ ” on page 294. 

# **_2. We rely on our arrangements with Yum for our KFC and Pizza Hut stores that comprise a significant majority of our business, and a termination of or inability to renew these arrangements, will have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Revenue from operations from our KFC and Pizza Hut stores together represented 76.08%, 77.49% and 92.28% of our total revenue from operations, in Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. We are therefore significantly dependent on our arrangements with Yum for our business and operations. These arrangements are set out in various development agreements, trademark license agreements and technology license agreements. 

Under the terms of our KFC DA and Pizza Hut DA, we are subject to obligations in relation to growing our network of stores in accordance with the development schedules set out therein. The development schedules set out the number of stores we are required to open each year, along with incentives we are eligible for in the event we meet these targets. Our future commitments towards Yum to open new stores pursuant to such development schedules set out an aggressive growth plan for our network of stores which is higher than our past commitments or the number of stores that we have opened. Further, while the KFC DA and Pizza Hut DA set out development schedules until 2023 and 2022, respectively, we are required to enter into revised development agreements with Yum by June 27, 2021 to extend the validity and amend certain terms of the KFC DA and Pizza Hut DA. In the event we are unable to comply with this requirement within the time specified, it may entitle Yum to terminate our arrangements with them. In addition, as the revised development agreements have not yet been finalized, there can be no assurance that the terms under such revised development agreements will not significantly vary from those set out in the existing KFC DA and Pizza Hut DA, including with respect to development commitments contemplated therein. We have previously been unable to meet our minimum development obligations within prescribed timelines, and while we have been granted extensions and have subsequently been able to meet such obligations within extended timelines, there can be no assurance that we will be granted such extensions in the future or that we will be able to consistently honor these commitments in a timely manner or at all. An inability to obtain extensions or honor these commitments could result in clawback of incentives that may be granted to us, or even termination of certain development rights and the development agreements entered into with Yum, causing us to refrain from opening any new stores, thereby resulting in a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition to these development agreements, each KFC and Pizza Hut store we operate is governed by a separate TLA and a TMA entered into with the relevant parties for the store. Also see “ _Risk Factor – The operation of stores/ outlets under our Core Brands (“KFC”, “Pizza Hut” and “Costa Coffee”) depend on their respective material agreements, which impose certain restrictions, limitations and other obligations on our operations that could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition”_ and “ _Our Business – Key Agreements_ ” on pages 31 and 143, respectively. 

An inability to meet our obligations under these arrangements, including to develop a certain number of stores within prescribed timelines, or to obtain suitable extensions, could result in a termination of our development rights and such arrangements with Yum, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, prospects, and financial condition. Also see “ _Risk Factor – We may not be able to identify and obtain suitable store locations, which could impact our ability to achieve our growth strategy and meet our development commitments, which could adversely impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition._ ” on page 32. 

**_3. We rely on the Costa IDA with Costa for our Costa Coffee stores and a termination of or material modification to the existing terms of the Costa IDA will materially and adversely affect our ability to continue our Costa business and operations and our future financial performance._** 

Pursuant to our Costa IDA, we had been granted exclusive development rights in India that were contingent upon our ability to meet certain development commitments set out therein. Owing to our inability to meet such development commitments and remedy our breach within cure periods that were granted to us, our exclusive development rights were subsequently terminated. As a result, while we have the right to operate our existing Costa Coffee stores for terms specified in the operational agreements with respect to such stores, we are refrained from opening any new stores in India unless we receive Costa’s prior consent to do so, thereby limiting our ability to grow our Costa business. 

29 

Additionally, Costa also has the right to unilaterally terminate the Costa IDA in the event we fail to pay sums due to Costa within timelines specified therein, have more than two operational agreements terminated by Costa, challenge the validity of trade mark owned by Costa or fail to comply with our obligations under the Costa IDA or applicable laws. Costa may also terminate our rights with respect to all Costa Coffee stores and the Costa IDA if circumstances arise which represent risk of causing material damage and goodwill of the trade name and Costa network at our Costa Coffee stores, if we endanger health or safety of any customer, or if we fail to keep a store open for trading for two consecutive days (unless due to refurbishment or repair or due to a flood or fire). We are also subject to certain indemnification obligations towards Costa. For further information on other similar conditions applicable under the Costa IDA, see “ _Our Business – Key Agreements – Costa Coffee Arrangements_ ” on page 152. 

The Costa IDA was initially valid until December 31, 2014, and has been periodically renewed for two successive terms of five years each. We are in the process of entering into a revised development agreement with Costa that is under negotiation and has not been finalized and under which our rights to develop certain number of Costa Coffee stores is being contemplated. To this effect, we have entered into a non-binding heads of terms for a potential new development agreement with Costa with effect from January 1, 2021 (the “ **Costa Term Sheet** ”), which is proposed to supersede and terminate the existing Costa IDA upon its execution. For further information on the Costa Term Sheet, see “ _Our Business – Key Agreements – Costa Coffee Arrangements_ ” on page 152. However, the Costa Term Sheet remains subject to a definitive agreement proposed to be entered into between the parties failing which it may be terminated. We may be delayed or be unable to enter into such a definitive agreement for various reasons beyond our control, which may result in us not being able to renew or otherwise continue our relationship with Costa. Further, as the Costa Term Sheet is not legally binding on the parties, there can be no assurance that the definitive agreement when finalized and negotiated will not significantly vary from the Costa IDA or the Costa Term Sheet, including with respect to development commitments contemplated therein. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the terms of the definitive agreement once executed, particularly with respect to any development commitments that we may be subject to. An inability to meet our obligations under these arrangements, including to develop a certain number of stores within prescribed timelines, or to obtain suitable extensions, could result in a termination of our development rights and adversely impact our ability to grow our business, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, prospects, and financial condition. 

In the event that Costa exercises its right to terminate the Costa IDA, or we fail to renew the Costa IDA, or enter into a definitive agreement pursuant to the Costa Term Sheet on terms less favourable to us than existing terms, it may materially and adversely affect our ability to carry on our business operations and our future financial performance. 

# **_4. We are exposed to all of the risks associated with leasing real estate, and any adverse developments could materially affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

As a majority of our stores operate on leased properties, we are exposed to the market conditions of the retail rental market. We generally enter into lease agreements with initial terms of 5 to 20 years. Most of our lease agreements contain an early termination clause that permits us to terminate the lease agreement early for the reasons specified therein. While we have renewal options for certain of our leases, we typically need to renegotiate the terms of renewal with the lessor, who may insist on a significant modification to the terms and conditions of the lease agreement. 

The rent under the majority of our current store lease agreements is generally payable in one of three ways: (i) fixed rent; (ii) the higher of a fixed base rent or a percentage of the store’s monthly sales revenue; or (iii) a percentage of the store’s monthly sales revenue. In addition to increases in rent resulting from fluctuations in annual sales revenue, certain of our lease agreements include provisions specifying fixed increases in rental payments over the respective terms of the lease agreements. While these provisions have been negotiated and are specified in the lease agreement, they will increase our costs of operation and therefore may materially and adversely affect our results of operation if we are not able to pass on the increased costs to our customers. 

Where we do not have an option to renew a lease agreement, we must negotiate the terms of renewal with the lessor, who may insist on a significant modification to the terms and conditions of the lease agreement. If a lease agreement is renewed at a rate substantially higher than the existing rate, or if any existing favorable terms granted by the lessor are not extended, we must determine whether it is desirable to renew on such modified terms. If we are unable to renew leases for our store sites on acceptable terms or at all, we will have to close or relocate the relevant stores, which would eliminate the sales that those stores would have contributed to our revenues during the period of closure, and could subject us to construction, renovation and other costs and risks. For instance, we have permanently closed 28 stores, 24 stores and 61 stores under our Core Brands Business, in Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively, primarily due to termination or non-renewal of leases, store relocations and other commercial reasons, including closure of under-performing stores. 

As part of our store roll out process, we enter into letters of intent or term sheets and submit deposits to the relevant owners of the properties where a new store will be located once we have identified a site to develop. The letters of intent or term sheets are typically subject to a definitive lease agreement in the form of a lease deed or leave and license agreement being entered into between the parties within a specified time period or they terminate unless extended. We may be delayed or be unable to enter a definitive lease agreement with respect to a specific site for various reasons, some of which are beyond our control, which may result in us not being able to recover deposits placed with relevant owners. Further, in the event such letters of intent lapse or are terminated, we may have to identify alternate store locations for which we expend significant time and resources. In addition, lease agreements are required to be duly registered and adequately stamped under Indian law and if one of our lease 

30 

agreements is not duly registered and adequately stamped, we may face challenges in enforcing them and they may be inadmissible as evidence in a court in India subject to penalties along with the requisite stamp duty prescribed under applicable Indian law being paid. We may also face similar issues with jurisdictions we operate in outside of India. 

**_5. The operation of stores/ outlets under our Core Brands (“KFC”, “Pizza Hut” and “Costa Coffee”) depend on their respective material agreements, which impose certain restrictions, limitations and other obligations on our operations that could adversely affect our ability to grow our business._** 

We had 692 stores as of March 31, 2021 across our operations, comprising KFC, Pizza Hut and Costa Coffee stores (“ **Core Brands** ”) as well as outlets of other brands such as Vaango. Each KFC and Pizza Hut store we operate is governed by a TLA and a TMA entered into with the relevant parties for the store. Also see, “ _Our Business – Our Operations_ ” on page 127. Similarly, the operations of each Costa Coffee store are governed by the operating conditions set out in the Costa IDA. Set forth below are key restrictions/ limitations placed on us by these arrangements: 

# _KFC and Pizza Hut_ 

Under our TLAs and TMAs, there are certain brand-related aspects such as appointment of suppliers and selection of product ingredients, opening of outlets, advertisement or promotional activity, restriction on sub-licensing or sale, transfer or gift of business, and any reconstruction/ reorganization/ other material changes in our structure or financial condition, for which we are required to seek prior approval of Yum. These are standard practices in the franchise-based business model in-order to ensure that global standards of quality, hygiene and brand equity are maintained by the relevant franchisee and also for placing market-standard controls to protect brand value of our franchisor. 

In addition, we are required to pay a continuing fee amounting to 6.3% of the revenues of each KFC/ Pizza Hut store to Yum as consideration for the right to use the restaurant formats and operating systems. We are also required to pay Yum a nonrefundable one-time fee upon the opening of each store and a renewal fee each time we renew the TLA/ TMA for a particular store. We are also required to contribute 6.00% of our gross revenues per store (excluding applicable taxes) for each KFC and Pizza Hut store to Yum, towards marketing and advertising expenses. These TLAs and TMAs may be terminated by Yum with immediate effect in the event we breach certain obligations as specified therein, including if we fail to comply with noncompete obligations, or fail to protect the marks and system property/ other intellectual property rights. Further, certain TLAs and TMAs with Yum entitle Yum to terminate the agreement if any other agreement between Yum and our Company or involving our respective affiliate companies is also terminated. In the event the initial and continuing fees payable under these agreements increase or we fail to renegotiate our arrangements with Yum on terms of favourable to us, or at all, or these agreements are terminated by Yum, our results of operations, financial condition, and business prospects could be adversely affected. 

# _Costa Coffee_ 

Under our Costa IDA, we are required to seek the prior approval of Costa including to: open and operate each Costa Coffee store; obtain our domain name and form and content of our website; appoint suppliers for select product ingredients; make changes to our marketing plans; introduce new items on the menu; and reconstruct, reorganize, to carry out other material changes in our structure or financial condition new improvements and modifications to the business or operational methods; publish any material on the internet referring to Costa business or the trade marks. 

# For further information, see “ _Our Business – Key Agreements_ ” on page 143. 

We are also subject to non-compete obligations under our arrangements with Yum and Costa that continue to be effective for certain periods even after termination of our arrangements. The non-compete obligations prohibit us from carrying out the retail/ wholesale preparation of products including pizza and pasta products (collectively), burger products, ready-to-eat chicken products, Mexican food products, or to take franchisee/ license in the business of branded retail coffee shops. 

Further, the Amendment Agreement to TLA and TMA entered into by our Company with Yum India, although has relaxed certain share transfer restrictions on shareholders of our Company (as on the date of the execution of the Amendment Agreement to TLA and TMA), however, it still imposes certain share transfer restrictions on our Promoters. In terms of the Amendment Agreement to TLA and TMA, Yum India is entitled to terminate all TLAs and TMAs in the event of change in control of our Company post listing. In addition, if a competitor of Yum India or a restricted person (in terms of the Amendment Agreement to TLA and TMA) acquires 25% or more voting rights of our Company post listing, the same would result in an event of default under the TLAs and TMAs.  Additionally, the Amendment Agreement to TLA and TMA lays down certain conditions which are required to be complied with by our Company and/or our Promoters. For details regarding the Amendment Agreement to TLA and TMA, see “ _Our Business – Key Agreements”_ on page 143 _._ 

In addition, we are required to keep Yum and Costa indemnified against all losses that they may incur as a result of any breach by us of the agreements to which they are a party. For further information on these non-compete and indemnity obligations, see “ _Our Business – Key Agreements_ ” on page 143. These obligations therefore restrict our ability to grow our business within the QSR 

31 

segment and increase our dependence on our existing franchisors, constraining our ability to negotiate our arrangements. An adverse impact on these brands may have an impact on our profit margins and financial performance, as we may not be able to identify and enter into suitable alternative arrangements within the segment without breaching these non-compete obligations. 

We cannot control or influence the actions of Yum or Costa, who may at any time have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours. If they take certain actions that we do not agree with, our business operations may be adversely affected, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, some of these material agreements are governed by US and UK law, and to the extent there are changes in these laws or our ability to enforce our rights under these agreements are otherwise negatively impacted, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

**_6. Our business depends on the continued success and reputation of our Core Brands globally, and any negative impact on these brands, or a failure by us or owners of our Core Brands to protect these brands, as well as other intellectual property rights and proprietary information, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our success to a large extent is directly related to the success of our Core Brands globally, including their financial condition, marketing strategies, product development as well as overall quality and success of their operations amongst competitors. We have no control over the management or operations of our Core Brands globally except for those jurisdictions and outlets developed and operated by us. As a result, a variety of factors affecting the Pizza Hut, KFC and Costa Coffee brands that are beyond our control could have a material adverse effect on our business. These factors include actions taken by Yum and Costa in connection with our arrangements with these franchisors, negative publicity with respect to the Core Brands and loss of reputation due to foodrelated complaints, food-borne illnesses or food safety issues at these stores globally, initiation of legal proceedings, employee misconduct, operational failures and regulatory investigations, which adversely impact these brands. 

Further, under the terms of our material agreements in relation to our Core Brands we are required to protect their intellectual property rights and other proprietary information. However, our efforts to protect this intellectual property and other proprietary information may prove to be inadequate and, as a result, the value of these brands as well as our own brands could be harmed. For instance, we may not be able to detect or prevent these brands from trademark or other infringements, and it is possible that other proprietary information, such as the recipes of food products, proposed pricing or product launch information, could be leaked by our employees, suppliers, food delivery aggregators and other third-parties. If any of these were to occur and the brand image of our offerings and those of the Core Brands were harmed as a result, our competitive position in the QSR industry in India and our ability to grow our business could be negatively impacted, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, KFC International and Pizza Hut International could deem any unauthorized use by us of their respective brands, their intellectual property rights or other proprietary information, or any action adversely affecting goodwill of their business, whether intentional or not, to be a breach of the terms of the relevant material agreements and seek to terminate our relationship, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Any damage to our Core Brands, whether attributable to us or otherwise, could adversely impact the trust placed in the particular brand and our reputation and cause existing customers or intermediaries to withdraw their business and reconsider doing business with us. Further, negative publicity may result in increased regulation and legislative scrutiny of industry practices as well as increased litigation, which may further increase our costs of doing business and adversely affect our profitability. We also cannot assure you that the Core Brands will be able to compete effectively with other well-established international QSR chains. As a result, any impairment or damage to these brands, including as a result of these or other factors, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_7. We may not be able to identify and obtain suitable store locations, which could impact our ability to achieve our growth strategy and meet our development commitments, which could adversely impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

A key part of our business and growth strategy is to maintain the pace of expansion of our store network, which requires us to continually identify suitable and available locations and develop and build out stores at those locations. Our ability to expand and grow our network of stores depends on the continued cooperation of third parties such as real estate agents, landlords, mall developers, and lessors. We cannot assure you that we will continue to be able to effectively manage our store network and maintain our relationships with such third-parties. 

Our ability to effectively obtain quality commercial property to relocate existing stores or open new stores depends on the availability of commercial property that meets our criteria for customer traffic, square footage, lease economics, demographics and other factors, including our ability to negotiate terms that meet our financial targets. In addition, rising real estate prices may restrict our ability to lease new desirable locations. Any new store that we establish requires significant resources in terms of fixed lease costs, fit-outs and refurbishments, to align the store with our preferred format, and may not be profitable immediately upon its opening or may take time to break even, and failure to do so within a reasonable period may adversely affect our profitability. Our ability to reduce our payback periods depends on our ability to negotiate commercially reasonable terms, based on the store format and the location for such format, that is subject to various assumptions on demand for our products from the particular 

32 

demographic at the location. In addition, new stores could impact the sales of our existing stores nearby, and there can be no assurance that sales cannibalization will not occur or become more significant in the future as we increase our presence in existing markets. An inability to appropriately identify suitable locations, or set-up the most appropriate store-format at a particular location, or to negotiate commercially reasonable lease terms, may increase our payback periods, result in store-closures, and adversely affecting our results of operations and financial condition. 

The development and roll out of new stores involves substantial risks, any of which could be exacerbated or caused by the ongoing COVID-19 crisis, including in relation to the following: 

- the inability to identify or the unavailability of suitable sites on acceptable leasing terms or to compete effectively for these suitable sites; 

- the negotiation of acceptable lease or purchase terms for new locations; 

- rising real estate prices, particularly in metro cities; 

- unavailability of financing on reasonable terms; 

- issues with construction including lack of suitable contractors, delays and costs exceeding budgeted amounts; 

- difficulties in relation to the implementation of the systems, procedures and control measures required at new and different store locations; 

- the inability to obtain all necessary governmental or local authority permits and approvals and other requisite licenses and permits in time; 

- underperformance of the newly developed stores; 

- changing consumer preferences and success of our new stores; 

- competition in current and future markets; 

- our degree of penetration in existing markets; 

- sales and margin levels at existing stores; 

- our ability to hire and retain qualified store crews; 

- changes in governmental rules, regulations and interpretations; and 

- • changes in general economic and business conditions. 

In addition, our efforts to develop and roll out new stores may also increase the complexity of our existing operations and place additional strain on our management as well as operational, financial and human resources. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve our expansion goals or that new stores will be opened in a timely fashion, or at all. If we are not able to identify suitable locations and successfully develop and build out new stores in a timely, cost effective and profitable manner or otherwise manage the growth of our network of stores effectively, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. If we fail to successfully open new stores that are economically viable and expand our business in a manner that does not adversely impact our existing stores, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

**_8. We are dependent on the adequate and timely delivery of quality ingredients, packaging materials and other necessary supplies and if our suppliers fail to provide us with sufficient quality and quantities of ingredients, packaging materials and other necessary supplies, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected._** 

Our operations are dependent on adequate and timely deliveries of quality ingredients, packaging materials and other necessary supplies that meet certain requirements. We depend substantially on approved suppliers from which we purchase ingredients and packaging materials. A failure of our suppliers to provide us with sufficient quantities of ingredients and packaging materials of adequate quality meeting global standards as required on a timely basis as a result of shortages, interruptions in their own supplies, such as those that could be caused by weather or other conditions, or their failure to retain their certification as approved suppliers of Yum and Costa or otherwise could result in a disruption or delay in supply of the ingredients, packaging materials and other necessary supplies that we require for our stores. Although we generally believe there are sufficient numbers of alternative suppliers for our ingredients and packaging materials, shortages or other industry-wide disruptions could occur, such as in connection with the COVID-19 crisis, and we may not be able to obtain replacement ingredients or packaging materials of adequate quality or sufficient quantity on commercially agreeable terms in the open market, which could require us to incur additional cost, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, and may even result in a breach of our existing arrangements with Yum and Costa. 

# **_9. We have incurred losses in Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021, resulting in erosion of our net worth. In the event our net loss continues to increase, it may adversely affect our business and financial condition._** 

We reported losses for the year of ₹ 941.44 million, ₹ 1,214.18 million and ₹ 629.87 million in Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. These sustained losses have resulted in erosion of a portion of Company’s net worth, as of March 31, 2019, 2020, and 2021. Our net losses have historically resulted primarily from high operating costs incurred towards expansion of our store network, and inability to successfully recover these costs through operations at such stores. We have also incurred losses due to high corporate level overhead costs and towards funding certain loss making businesses, such as our operations at airports in 

33 

India and the TWG tea business that was carried out by our erstwhile subsidiary DIUPL. We continue to grow our business by opening a number of new stores every year, and expect to report losses till such time as these new stores mature and we are able to apportion corporate level expenses across a larger base of stores. For further information on our financial performance and observations by our auditors, see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Statements_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis on the Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Auditor’s Observations_ ” on pages 198 and 347, respectively. 

Further, our operating costs and other expenses may be greater than we anticipate, and our investments to make our business and our operations more efficient may not be successful. Increases in our costs, expenses and investments may reduce our margins and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our failure to generate profits may adversely affect the market price of our Equity Shares, restrict our ability to pay dividends and impair our ability to raise capital and expand our business. 

# **_10. Our Statutory Auditors have included certain adverse remarks/ qualifications/ matters of emphasis in our Audited Consolidated Financial Statements._** 

Our Statutory Auditors have included certain adverse remarks/ qualifications/ matters of emphasis in relation to our Company in our audited financial statements. These include: 

- An emphasis of matter in the auditors’ reports on our audited consolidated financial statements for Fiscals 2020 and 2021 which describes uncertainties relating to the effects of COVID-19 pandemic on our operations. For further information, see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 53: Estimation of uncertainties relating to the global health pandemic from COVID-19 pandemic_ ” and on page 294. 

- A material uncertainty related to going concern in the auditors’ report on our audited consolidated financial statements for Fiscals 2019 wherein it is mentioned that the Group and its Joint Venture have incurred losses during the period and that such accumulated losses as of March 31, 2019, has resulted in erosion of the net worth of the Group and its Joint Venture as of March 31, 2019. It further mentioned that the Group and its Joint Venture’s current liabilities exceed its current assets as of March 31, 2019. These conditions indicate the existence of material uncertainty that may cast significant doubt about the Group and its Joint Venture’s ability to continue as a going concern. However, as a result of certain factors elaborated in the said note, the management is confident of its ability to continue as a going concern and have accordingly, prepared these consolidated financial statements on going concern basis. Consequently, no adjustments have been made to the carrying values of the assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements. For further information, see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 52: Disclosures about the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern_ ” and on page 294. 

- <mark>A qualification in the auditors’ report on our standalone audited standalone financial statements for Fiscal 2019 wherein it is mentioned that the management did not provide for any impairment allowance / loss in respect of investment in subsidiary and loan (including interest accrued thereon) granted to the subsidiary as of March 31, 2019. Majority of the funds invested in/ granted to the subsidiary have further been invested in / granted to a step down subsidiary. In view of continuing losses and increasing uncertainty of achieving the estimated cash flows in relation to this step down subsidiary, the auditors’ were unable to determine whether any adjustment to the carrying value of the investment in the subsidiary and loan (including interest accrued thereon) granted to the subsidiary as at the year-end would be necessary along with its consequential impact on the standalone financial statements.</mark> Similar qualifications were included in the auditors’ reports on our audited standalone financial statements for Fiscal 2020, as well as in the statutory auditors’ reports on the audited financial statements of our subsidiary RV Enterprizes Pte. Limited for Fiscals 2019 and 2020 and of our step-down subsidiary DIL Nigeria for Fiscals 2019 and 2020. 

For further information, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation – Auditors’ Observations_ ” on page 347. There can be no assurance that any similar qualification, remarks or matters of emphasis will not form part of our financial statements for the future fiscal periods, which could subject us to additional liabilities due to which our reputation and financial condition may be adversely affected. In addition, the audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended March 31, 2021 also include the Group’s share of net loss (including other comprehensive income) in respect of the Joint Venture, whose financial statements have not been audited. For further information, see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Statements_ ” on page 198. 

**_11. We have carried out certain acquisitions and divestments in the last three Fiscals. Our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements for the relevant financial reporting periods are therefore not comparable to each other and do not fully reflect the effect of our recent acquisitions/ divestments on the relevant financial reporting period and are not representative of our future financial performance._** 

We have acquired 13 KFC stores, 9 KFC stores and 51 KFC stores, in Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. For further information, see _“History and Certain Corporate Matters_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Statements – Acquisitions of KFC stores and Pro-Forma Financial Information” and_ on pages 162 and 318, respectively. In 

34 

addition, further to share purchase agreement, we divested our shareholding in our subsidiary, DIUPL, and sold two stores under our Other Business, to a subsidiary of our Corporate Promoter with effect from February 28, 2021. We have also divested our entire shareholding in our Joint Venture, Minor Food Groups (India) Private Limited, with effect from March 26, 2021. With respect to the acquisitions and divestments made, the results of operations of such acquisition/ divestment would be reflected in our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements only with effect from the effective date of such respective acquisition/ divestment and not for the entire relevant financial reporting period. Accordingly, our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements relating to such fiscal periods are not comparable on account of such acquisitions and divestments. 

# **_12. The Pro-forma Financial Information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is not indicative of our future financial condition or results of operations._** 

The KFC Store Acquisition had a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements of our Company. We have therefore included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, Pro-forma Financial Information to present the impact of the KFC Store Acquisition on our Company’s financial position and performance, assuming the KFC Store Acquisition had taken place with effect from April 1, 2018. 

The Pro-forma Financial Information comprises of the pro-forma balance sheet as at March 31, 2019, 2020, and 2021, and the pro-forma statement of profit and loss for the years ended March 31, 2019, March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2021, read with the notes to the pro-forma financial information, and has been reported on jointly by the Statutory Auditors of our Company. 

The Pro-forma Financial Information for the period and years presented has been prepared by adjusting the Restated Consolidated Financial Statements (unadjusted financial information) of the Group and its Joint Venture (prepared for the purposes of inclusion in Draft Red Herring Prospectus) for the years ended March 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021, to reflect the KFC Store Acquisition as if such acquisition had taken place from the beginning of the earliest reported year, i.e. with effect from April 1, 2018. The adjustments are as set out under “Pro-forma Adjustments” therein, and include adjustments to make (i) accounting policies of financial information of the KFC stores acquired consistent with that of our Company, and (ii) other directly attributable adjustments to the said acquisitions. For further information, see “ _Pro-forma Financial Information_ ” on page 300. 

The Pro-forma Financial Information has been prepared for illustrative purposes only, and shows the impact of the KFC Store Acquisition on our Company as if such acquisition had occurred on the dates set forth in the report thereon. The Pro-forma Financial Information addresses a hypothetical situation and does not represent our actual consolidated financial condition or results of operations, and is not intended to be indicative of our future financial condition and results of operations. The adjustments set forth in the Pro-forma Financial Information are based upon available information and assumptions that our management believes to be reasonable. Further, our Pro-forma Financial Information were not prepared in connection with an offering registered with the SEC under the U.S. Securities Act and consequently do not comply with the SEC’s rules on presentation of the Pro-forma Financial Information. Accordingly, the Pro-forma Financial Information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is not intended to be indicative of expected results or operations in the future periods or the future financial position of our Company or a substitute for our past results, and the degree of reliance placed by investors on our Pro-forma Financial Information should be limited. 

# **_13. Any adverse development in relation to our relationship with as well as performance of third-party food delivery aggregators, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We carry out direct delivery and have also entered into tie-ups with food delivery aggregators to accept delivery orders placed on their mobile applications. Food-delivery providers, such as Swiggy and Zomato, are expected to play an even more important role in the future, as a large share of consumers will continue to prefer the convenience of home deliveries ( _Source: GlobalData Report_ ). As a result, revenue generated from delivery sales represented 51.15% and 70.20% of our revenue from operations in our Core Brands Business, in Fiscals 2020 and 2021, respectively. 

The introduction and growth of online ordering and mobile applications, as well as the increasing number and growth of thirdparty food delivery aggregators, have made delivery a material part of our business, and we believe the increasing presence of food delivery aggregators in India will have a significant impact on our business going forward. For instance, we are required to pay food delivery aggregators a commission on orders placed through the platform. Further, the presence of delivery aggregators have increased competition with other QSR brands and new food service platforms, such as cloud kitchens, which do not offer inrestaurant services and only serve food through delivery aggregators, requiring less capital expenditure to offer food services. If food delivery through delivery aggregators continues to increase, it is possible that footfalls in our stores could decrease, especially in light of the COVID-19 pandemic and continuing lockdown and curfew orders in various regions in India, unless we adapt our business model to account for this change in consumer preference. 

It is also possible that the negotiating leverage of food delivery aggregators with respect to our contracts with them could increase as their businesses grow, which means we may have to pay higher fees for their services or may have difficulty extending or renewing our agreements with them on commercially acceptable terms, or at all, in the future, especially if we fail to sufficiently develop and strengthen our own food delivery services or find alternative means to serve the increasing number of customers who 

35 

choose to order their food online or through mobile applications. In addition, in order to win market share, certain delivery aggregators offer significant discounts for their services and as their businesses mature, they may choose or be required to raise their fees, which could adversely impact the fees we pay for their services. Any adverse development with respect to the food delivery aggregators that we use to deliver our products, our relationship with them or their services, such as their failing to meet our service standards, actions or events attributed to them that impact customer perception of our brand, or any stoppage of their operations due to financial difficulties or otherwise, could adversely affect our ability to reach customers who choose to order food through delivery aggregators, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_14. Real and perceived health concerns arising from food-borne illnesses, epidemics, quality or other negative foodrelated incidents could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our business is susceptible to health concerns arising from food-borne illnesses, epidemics, food quality, allergic reactions and other negative food-related incidents. The occurrence of any such outbreak or other adverse public health event in India and other countries we operate in or in the vicinity of our stores, suppliers or warehouses could cause a temporary or permanent closure of stores and materially disrupt our business and operations in a manner similar to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Foodborne illness or food tampering incidents could also be caused directly or indirectly by our third-party logistics providers, suppliers, food delivery aggregators, customers or employees and may be outside our control. Our third-party food delivery aggregators and logistics providers transport and handle ingredients, packaging materials that we use in our stores, and food products that we sell at our stores, and although we have certain controls in place with respect to their operations, such controls may not be adequate. Our food ingredients, packaging materials, and food products could become contaminated by food-borne illnesses or other contamination during transport or handling. In particular, the ingredients warehoused and transported by our logistics providers and stored at our stores are perishable in nature. In the event that we or they fail to maintain the required standards of storage or if the integrity and quality of the food ingredients are otherwise compromised, our products could be contaminated, which could lead to a negative food-related incident. Risks to the health of our customers can arise from any such negative food-related incident, which could expose us to litigation, including by customers, sanctions or fines by food safety regulators. While we are subject to quality audits and inspections at our stores, there can be no assurance that our internal controls and training will be fully effective in preventing these or any other negative food-related incidents and will ensure the quality of our products at all times. 

In addition, negative publicity in relation to real or perceived health concerns, such as food-borne illnesses, health epidemics, food quality, allergic reactions and other negative food-related incidents stemming from one store or a number of stores could materially adversely affect us, regardless of whether they pertain to our Core Brands or other brands within the QSR segment. The occurrence of any such incident at any of our stores may lead to public outrage and store closures, and our reputation, including in respect of any of our other stores and brands that are not affected by any such incident, could also be severely injured for an extended period of time. For instance, poultry vendors were suspected to have been supplying contaminated chicken meat in West Bengal, a key market for our KFC stores, which was widely publicized in 2018. This led to a sharp decline in sales of chicken and chicken products across the region, that affected sales at our KFC stores and resulted in a comparatively low SSSG for our KFC stores in Fiscal 2019. Similar such events in the future could also impact sales at our stores, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. This may also have an adverse effect on our ability to continue to maintain the required licenses, approvals and permits for operating our stores. Food-borne illnesses, such as E. coli, hepatitis A, trichinosis or salmonella and other food-borne illnesses have impacted the QSR industry in the past and could occur in the future. Further, veganism is also gaining momentum as the risk of animal-tohuman disease transmission has been highlighted by COVID-19 ( _Source: GlobalData Report_ ), which could lead to changes in consumer preferences, reduce consumption of our products and adversely affect our financial performance. These events could reduce the available supply of meat products or significantly raise the price of such meat products. 

Any adverse impact on, or interruption of, our operations or those of our third-party service providers as a result of health concerns arising from real or perceived food-borne illnesses, health epidemics, food quality or other negative food-related incidents, could significantly and adversely impact and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reputation and prospects. 

# **_15. The QSR industry in India is competitive, and our business and financial results may be adversely affected by actions of our competitors and our inability to respond to competition._** 

The QSR industry in India is competitive. We compete primarily with international QSR chains operating in India, such as McDonalds, Burger King, Domino’s Pizza, Starbucks, and Subway, as well as local restaurants and chains in the QSR segment such as Café Coffee Day and Chai Point. We generally compete on the basis of product and service quality, price and location, and the industry is often also affected by changes in consumer tastes, economic conditions, demographic trends and consumer disposable income. For instance, during and post the COVID-19 pandemic, cloud kitchens that are designed exclusively for deliveries, are expected to see a rapid growth. Longer-term strategies being adopted by the F&B industry include opening dark/ cloud kitchens to expand footprint at a lower cost ( _Source: GlobalData Report_ ). In the event we do not successfully adapt to these evolving formats or are required to expend significant resources to do so, we may be unable to remain competitive and maintain or grow our market share effectively. 

36 

In addition, international QSR chains have been introducing food products that cater to India specific palate while maintaining their core offerings, and have also been focusing on vegetarian or vegan options to cater to the growing market of healthconscious consumers. Our ability to compete depends on our ability to develop and launch new products, effectively market and advertise our products and respond to and appeal to consumer preferences, including with respect to the value, variety and quality of our products. For example, KFC offers rice bowls which are designed specifically for the customers in India. In addition, our existing or future competitors may offer products that are better priced or more appealing to consumer tastes or have more effective marketing and advertising programs than we do. If as a result of these or other reasons we are unable to maintain our competitive position, we could experience downward pressure on prices, lower demand for our products, reduced margins and loss of market share, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_16. There are outstanding litigation proceedings against our Company, Subsidiaries, Directors, and Promoters. Any adverse outcome in such proceedings may have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

There are outstanding legal proceedings against our Company, Subsidiaries, Directors, and Promoters, which are pending at various levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and other authorities. 

The summary of outstanding matters set out below includes details of criminal proceedings, tax proceedings, statutory and regulatory actions and other material pending litigation (as defined in the section “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 351) involving our Company, Subsidiaries, Directors, and Promoters. 

|**Nature of cases**|**Number of outstanding cases**|**Amount involved**<br>**(₹ million)* **|
|---|---|---|
|**_Litigation involving our Company_**|||
|**_Litigation against our Company_**|||
|Criminal proceedings|2|-|
|Actions by regulatory or statutory authorities|30|1.21|
|Indirect tax matters|8|19.45|
|Direct tax matters|8|0.28|
|**_Litigation filed by our Company_**|||
|Criminal proceedings|6|1.1|
|**_Litigation involving our Subsidiaries_**|||
|**_Litigation against our Subsidiaries_**|||
|Criminal proceedings|1|-|
|Indirect tax matters|5|35.09|
|Direct tax matters|6|185.18|
|**_Litigation involving our Corporate Promoter_**|||
|**_Litigation against our Corporate Promoter_**|||
|Actions by regulatory or statutory authorities|5|-|
|Indirect tax matters|7|151.94|
|Direct tax matters|11|69.22|
|**_Litigation filed by our Corporate Promoter_**|||
|Criminal Proceedings|1|3.3|
|**_Litigation involving our Directors**_**|||
|**_Litigation against our Directors_**|||
|Criminal proceedings|3<sup>#</sup>|1.2|
|Actions by regulatory or statutory authorities|2|-|
|Material civil proceedings|1|371.23|



_* To the extent quantifiable, excluding interest and penalty thereon_ 

_** Ravi Kant Jaipuria and Varun Jaipuria are the Non-Executive Directors as well as Individual Promoters of our Company._ 

_# Includes the complaint filed by Ritesh Agarwal against Ravi Kant Jaipuria and Varun Jaipuria_ 

For further information, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” beginning on page 351. 

Further, Ravi Kant Jaipuria, as the chairman of VBL, and Ravi Batra, as the chief risk officer & group company secretary (“ **CRO** ”) of VBL, have received summons dated January 20, 2021 and January 4, 2021, respectively, from SEBI requesting them to appear before the Investigating Authority to investigate certain matters with respect to certain dealings of securities of VBL. Consequently, the chairman and the CRO of VBL appeared before the Investigating Authority on January 29, 2021 and January 18, 2021, respectively, and submitted the relevant facts. The investigation is currently pending. 

There can be no assurance that these legal proceedings will be decided in our favor or in favor of our Subsidiaries, Directors, Promoters and Group Companies. In addition, we cannot assure you that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. Decisions in such proceedings adverse to our interests may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

37 

# **_17. We may undertake strategic acquisitions or investments, which may prove to be difficult to integrate and manage or may not be successful._** 

We have typically expanded our operations and increased our presence across India through acquisition of stores from our master franchisors or other co-franchisees of our Core Brands Business. For instance, we acquired certain stores from Yum in the last three Fiscals. For further information, see _“History and Certain Corporate Matters_ ” on page 164. 

In the future, we may consider making similiar strategic acquisitions of other stores and companies whose resources, capabilities and strategies are complementary to and are likely to increase our product portfolio and expand our distribution network. We may also enter into strategic alliances or joint ventures to explore such opportunities or make significant investments in entities that we do not control to capitalize on such business opportunities. However, such acquisitions or alliance may require us to incur significant costs in terms of royalty payments, lease obligations and other operating expenses, and there can be no assurance that such acquisitions will achieve the synergies we anticipate or that such investments will be successful. 

It is also possible that we may not identify suitable acquisition or investment candidates, or that if we do identify suitable candidates, we may not complete those transactions on terms commercially acceptable to us or at all. The inability to identify suitable acquisition targets or investments or the inability to complete such transactions may adversely affect our competitiveness or our growth prospects. 

If we acquire another company we could face difficulty in integrating the acquired operations. The key personnel of the acquired company may decide not to work for us, and we may also experience disputes in relation to such acquisitions and the relationships we may have with such companies. These difficulties could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and employees and increase our expenses. For instance, we invested in and set-up a joint venture, i.e. The Minor Food Group (India) Private Limited, in Fiscal 2015, and were unable to successfully operate the business in a profitable manner. As a result, we divested our entire shareholding in the entity with effect from March 26, 2021. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve the strategic purpose of such acquisition or operational integration or our targeted return on investment. 

# **_18. Any failure to maintain effective quality control systems or protocols for our supply chain or stores could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition._** 

A critical part of our success is the quality and safety of our products. Maintaining consistent food quality and preventing food contamination and other health hazards depends significantly on the effectiveness of the quality control systems, policies and guidelines that we and third-parties engaged by us maintain and comply with. During the COVID-19 crisis, we have also implemented additional standards of safety and hygiene protocols across our restaurants covering guest safety, crew safety, sanitization, social distancing, temperature checks and safe deliveries. There can be no assurance that the quality control systems or protocols that we or our suppliers have in place will prove to be effective. Any significant failure or deterioration of these quality control systems or protocols could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, due to the impact of COVID-19 and the government actions to contain it, most of our supply chains have been, and continue to be, impacted. There can be no assurance that there will not be further supply chain disruptions, or that the steps we are taking to mitigate such disruptions will be effective or achieve their desired results in a timely fashion. 

We could also be subject to civil and/or criminal liability and other regulatory consequences in the event that a health hazard were to be found at any of our stores as a result of a failure of the quality control systems or protocols that we, and our approved suppliers have in place, including the spread of any infection or disease. If such cases are determined against us, there could be an adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_19. Certain of our Group Companies and Subsidiaries have incurred losses in the past, which may have an adverse effect on our reputation and business._** 

Certain of our Group Companies and Subsidiaries have incurred losses in the last three Fiscals, as set forth below: 

|**Sr.**<br>**No**|**Name of Subsidiaries and Group Companies**|**P**<br>**(₹ milli**|**rofit/ (Loss) after tax**<br>**on, unless otherwise st**|**ated)**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**.**||**Fiscal 2019**|**Fiscal 2020**|**Fiscal 2021**|
|**_Our S_**|**_ubsidiaries_**||||
|**_1._**|RVEPL(Group)<sup>(1)</sup>|(136.56)|(329.44)|(82.39)|
|**_2._**|DFSPL|(23.96)|21.30|(63.30)|
|**_3._**|DASMPL|(499.46)|208.10|(157.35)|
|**_4._**|DIUPL<sup>(2)</sup>|(342.25)|(438.26)|(263.43)|
|**_Our _**|**_Group Companies_**||||
|1.|Chellarams|(1,836.95)<sup>#</sup>|(4,205.13)<sup>#</sup>|-|
|2.|DFIL|(104.66)|(220.79)|-|



38 

|**Sr.**<br>**N**|**Name of Subsidiaries and Group Companies**|**P**<br>**(₹ milli**|**rofit/ (Loss) after tax**<br>**on, unless otherwise st**|**ated)**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**o.**||**Fiscal 2019**|**Fiscal 2020**|**Fiscal 2021**|
|3.|DLPL|(359.70)|(456.37)|-|
|4.|LHL|(92.51)|(95.89)|-|
|5.|PCL|(312.35)|(357.79)|-|
|6.|SVS|(0.99)|(0.73)|-|
|7.|MFGPL|(91.35)|(2.13)|-|
|8.|AIPL|(0.35)<sup>*</sup>|(12.51)<sup>*</sup>|-|



_Notes: * Amount in US$ million._ 

_# Amount in Naira million._ 

_1.  Includes step down subsidiary i.e. Devyani International (Nigeria) Limited._ 

_2. Our Company divested its stake in Devyani International (UK) Private Limited with effect from February 17, 2021._ 

In addition, the statutory auditors of DIL Nigeria, have included certain qualifications in their audit report for the year ended March 31, 2020, with respect to its inability to repay certain loans, and excess of total liabilities over total assets resulting in negative equity indicating a material uncertainty regarding its ability to continue as a going concern. For further information, see “ _Risk Factor – Our Statutory Auditors have included certain adverse remarks/ qualifications/ matters of emphasis in our Audited Consolidated Financial Statements_ ” on page 34. 

Also see “ _Our Group Companies - Loss making Group Companies_ ” on page 195. There can be no assurance that our Group Companies will not incur losses in the future which may have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. 

**_20. Marketing and advertising campaigns that we contribute towards may not be effective in increasing the brand awareness of our Core Brands and the effectiveness of our competitors’ advertising and promotional programs could adversely affect the competitive position of our Core Brands._** 

Brand awareness is essential to our continued growth and financial success, and our revenues are heavily influenced by our brand marketing and advertising initiatives, as well as the marketing and advertising of our competitors. We are required to contribute 6.00% of our gross revenues per store (excluding applicable taxes), as directed by Yum, for advertising, promotion and marketing activities for our KFC and Pizza Hut stores. Further, under the Costa IDA, we are obligated to spend at least 2.00% of the sales (excluding GST) of our Costa Coffee stores on local marketing activities. 

We are required to consistently pay out these expenses to promote our Core Brands, and also make sustained investments in social media and other media platforms to market our other brands, as increasing the awareness of different brands we operate in is an important part of our strategy to expand our business into new regions and locations in India. However, these marketing and advertising campaigns may not be effective to the extent planned or at all and we may, therefore, fail to attract new customers and retain existing customers. In addition, we may fail to penetrate new target markets if these marketing and advertising programs are unsuccessful or not appropriately tailored to appeal to the target market or if other competitor brands increase spending on advertising and promotion or their marketing and advertising campaigns are more effective than ours. If these marketing and advertising campaigns are not as effective as our competitors, our ability to increase our brand awareness and our competitive position could be adversely affected, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_21. Changes in consumer preferences and food habits as well as negative perception of the QSR industry could decrease the demand for our products and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our ability to offer products that are tailored to suit the regional tastes and preferences and meet customer needs enables us to maintain a competitive position in the market. To the extent permitted under our material agreements we offer a wide range of vegetarian offerings and regionalized products across our Core Brands as described in the “ _Our Business_ ” on page 120. We continue to expand our Core Brands Business and collaborate with Yum to introduce innovative products in India. This wide choice and variety in our menu help us to drive the frequency with which customers visit our stores. However, while we undertake various measures to adapt and provide for changing consumer preferences due to various reasons including shifts in consumer demographics, economic conditions, dietary habits, trends in food sourcing or food preparation or acceptance of our brand, we cannot assure you that these measures would be viable or successful in the future. 

In addition, there is growing concern among consumers, public health professionals and government agencies about the long-term health problems associated with certain conditions, such as obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, high cholesterol, high sodium, high trans-fat, high sugar and hypertension which, have been linked to fast food products such as those sold in our stores and other QSR brands. These health concerns could reduce demand for our products and may prompt government regulations that would introduce new or increase existing taxes on fast food products among other measures, which may increase the prices, further affecting the demand. Any sudden changes in the regulatory environment relating to our products as a result of these or other 

39 

developments could require us to implement changes to our operations or could negatively impact our ability to sell and market our products profitably. 

Any failure to successfully anticipate and address changing customer preferences and negative public perceptions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_22. We rely on third-party logistics providers for transportation, supply and delivery of most of our ingredients, packaging materials as well as other necessary supplies and if they fail to deliver, there may be disruptions or delays in our services, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We rely on third-parties for logistics services in each of the regions we are located in across India and abroad, including for transporting our ingredients and packaging materials from warehouses to our stores. These services are critical to our supply chain and our ability to manage supply chain risk and distribution costs, as well as maintain control and traceability over our products. We also intend to utilize third-party logistics infrastructure including warehouses and transportation, as part of our strategy to penetrate new markets in key metropolitan areas and cities across India. However, our third-party logistics provider’s ability to provide us with these services effectively is dependent on a number of factors and to the extent that any of our third-party logistics providers experience any disruptions or delays in operations due to, for example, insufficient labour or transportation resources, non-compliance with licensing or permit requirements, breakdowns in transportation or other factors which are beyond our and their control such as those affecting road transportation or its infrastructure, political unrest, bad weather conditions and natural disasters, our supply chain could be disrupted and our ability to source ingredients and packaging materials and deliver products to our stores could be disrupted, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If we are required to transport our ingredients or packaging materials using alternative resources, deliveries to certain of our stores may be disrupted or delayed, which could adversely affect our operations and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_23. Increasing cost of raw materials and other costs could adversely affect our profitability._** 

Most ingredients used in our products are subject to price fluctuations as a result of inflation, seasonality, global supply and demand, weather conditions, demand in local and international markets, fluctuations in currency exchange rates and tax incentives and other factors. We have no control over fluctuations in the price and availability of ingredients, packaging materials or variations in products caused by these factors and they could impact the prices imposed by our suppliers, making the cost of ingredients or packaging materials more expensive for us and increase the prices of our products for our customers, which may reduce demand and therefore affect our overall financial performance. In addition, as a result of COVID-19, we have modified the quality of our packaging to cater to the increase in delivery customers and customers opting for take-away in restaurants, which has also increased our packaging costs. Any increases in cost of ingredients or packaging materials and other costs including manufacturing cost could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We have no control over fluctuations in the price and availability of ingredients caused by these factors. Although we engage in long-term contracting and undertake other measures to counteract fluctuations in the price of our ingredients and packaging materials, there can be no assurance that we can completely budget for or predict any changes in these prices, which may increase the risk to our business and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_24. Increases in labour costs in India or our failure to attract, motivate and retain qualified store managers and personnel could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

As at March 31, 2021, we had an employee base of 9,356 employees and our employee benefits expense represented 13.73%, 13.69% and 11.53% of our total expenses for Fiscal 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. Our success therefore depends in part on our ability to manage our labour costs and its impact on our margins. In this respect, we have to continuously monitor the productivity levels of our employees. 

In addition, the salaries and wages of our store employees are subject to wage inflation and other macroeconomic factors, as well as government regulation like minimum wages that can cause salaries and wages of our employees to increase. As our store network continues to expand, an increasing number of individuals will be employed by our stores. Any organizational changes, including changes in salaries and wages and other employee benefits that are, or are perceived to be negative, could result in an increased attrition rate. Any further increase in minimum wage requirements or changes in labour regulations in India and outside operation having a similar impact would increase our labor costs, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and profitability. In addition, the Indian Parliament has recently approved the Code on Social Security, 2020 (the “ **Code on Social Security** ”) which would impact the contributions we make towards provident fund and gratuity. The effective date from which the changes are applicable is yet to be notified and the rules are yet to be finalized, but the Company will carry out an evaluation of the impact of the Code on Social Security and record the same in our financial statements in the period in which the Code of Social Security becomes effective and the related rules are published. 

40 

Furthermore, we must continue to attract, motivate and retain qualified managers with the qualifications to succeed in our industry and the motivation to engage with our people-centric operating culture, which we view as a principle component of our ability to enhance customer experience at our stores. In addition, our success also depends on the skills of our employees and the effectiveness of our training programs to ensure maintenance of quality and uniformity of our service. While we have not yet experienced significant labour shortages and have continuously recruited new staff, we cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to retain or hire an adequate workforce, at the appropriate times, or that our staff may not be recruited by any of our competitors, which in turn may delay openings of our new stores or result in lower quality service in existing restaurants, adversely impacting customer experience which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, if we are unable to continue to recruit and retain sufficiently qualified managers who can motivate our employees to sustain high service levels, our business and our growth could be adversely affected. A delay in recruiting or the inability to retain qualified managers may also delay the planned openings of new stores or result in high employee turnover in existing stores, which could harm our business operations. 

# **_25. If we are unable to protect credit card or debit card data or any data related to any other electronic mode of payment, or any other personal information that we collect, our reputation could be significantly harmed._** 

The use of electronic payment methods and collection of other personal information exposes us to an increased risk of privacy and security breaches as well as other risks. We have experienced security breaches in which payment related data and personal information is stolen in the past and can make no assurance that this will not happen in the future. Although we use secure private networks to transmit confidential information, third parties may have the technology or know-how to breach the security of the customer information transmitted in connection with credit and debit card sales and use of e-wallets, and our security measures and those of technology suppliers may not effectively prohibit others from obtaining improper access to this information. If a person is able to circumvent our security measures or otherwise gain access to the confidential information that we collect, they may be able to destroy or steal valuable information or otherwise disrupt our operations. We may become subject to claims for purportedly fraudulent transactions arising out of the actual or alleged theft of credit or debit card information or other confidential information, and we may also be subject to lawsuits or other proceedings relating to these types of incidents. Any such claim or proceeding could cause us to incur significant unplanned expenses, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, adverse publicity resulting from these allegations could significantly harm our reputation and may have a material adverse effect on us and our stores. 

Moreover, we receive and process certain personal financial and other information about our customers and employees when we accept credit cards for payment. While we do not store customers’ credit and debit card payment information, the use and handling of this information is regulated by evolving and increasingly demanding laws and regulations in India. If our security and information systems are compromised as a result of data corruption or loss, cyberattack or a network security incident or our employees, or suppliers fail to comply with these laws and regulations, and this information is obtained by unauthorized persons or used inappropriately, it could subject us to litigation and government enforcement actions, damage our reputation, cause us to incur substantial costs, liabilities and penalties and/or result in a loss of customer confidence, any and all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_26. We may be unable to detect, deter and prevent all instances of fraud or negligence or other misconduct committed by our employees or other third parties, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We usually receive and handle relatively large amounts of cash in our daily operations as is common in the QSR industry. Instances of fraud, theft or other misconduct with respect to cash can be difficult to detect, deter and prevent, and could subject us to financial losses and harm our reputation. Although we have controls in place with respect to the handling of cash, we may be unable to prevent, detect or deter all such instances of misconduct. Any such misconduct committed against our interests, which may include past acts that have gone undetected or future acts, may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_27. Failure to obtain or maintain or renew licenses, registrations, permits and approvals in a timely manner or at all may adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

As part of our business and operations in India and overseas, we are required to obtain and maintain various licenses and permits from local and government authorities to roll out new stores and run our existing business. Some of our key approvals _inter alia_ , include licenses under the FSSA, approval from the department of police, approval of state pollution control boards under the Air Act and the Water Act, trade/ health license and no objection certificate from the fire department of respective states, as applicable. Obtaining licenses and permits is a time-consuming process and subject to frequent delays. Our government licenses and permits are also subject to numerous conditions, some of which are onerous and require us to incur expenditure. In addition, we will need to apply for renewal of certain approvals, licenses, registrations and permits, which expire or seek new approvals, licenses, registrations and permits from time to time, as and when required in the ordinary course of our business. For further information, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 161. 

41 

While we have obtained a significant number of approvals, licenses, registrations and permits from the relevant authorities, we are yet to receive or apply for certain approvals, licenses, registrations, permits or renewals. For example, for some of our stores (i) renewal of fire license/ no-objection required in terms of the state specific laws is pending; (ii) we are yet to apply for trade licenses, and in certain cases, renewal of trade licenses, from the relevant municipal authorities is pending; and (iii) we are yet to renew the eating house licenses from the relevant police departments. Apart from the above, licenses and approvals may be rejected by the authorities empowered to grant such licenses and approvals for our stores for reasons, including but not limited to, inadequacy of documents required to be submitted with the application and initiation of online application process by such authorities. For further details, see “ _Government and other Approvals”_ on page 161. 

Any delay in receipt or non-receipt of such approvals, licenses, registrations, permits or their renewals could result in cost and time overrun or could adversely affect our related operations. In addition, in such circumstances, the relevant authorities may direct us to close our stores, initiate criminal actions against us, restrain our operations, impose fines or penalties or initiate legal proceedings for our inability to renew/ obtain approvals in a timely manner or at all. Apart from the above, in relation to some of our stores (specially the stores in malls), the store lease agreements and leave and license agreements place the obligation of obtaining certain building related approvals on the lessor and any failure by the lessor to obtain such approvals may adversely affect our related operations of our stores at such places. 

Our failure to retain or renew our licenses and permits or comply with its conditions, each in a timely manner may mean we become subject to fines or sanctions or that we are required to shut down a restaurant, which would require us to incur additional cost and would adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

# **_28. We have incurred significant indebtedness, and an inability to comply with repayment and other covenants in our financing agreements could adversely affect our business and financial condition._** 

We have entered into agreements with certain banks for short-term and long-term facilities. As of March 31, 2021, we had total borrowings (consisting of long-term borrowings and short-term borrowings) of ₹ 4,633.27 million, certain of which contain restrictive covenants, including requirements that we obtain consent from the lenders prior to undertaking certain matters including altering our capital structure, change in shareholding, further issuance of any shares, effecting any scheme of amalgamation or reconstruction, changing the management and dilution of Promoters’ shareholding. Further, in terms of security, we are required to create a mortgage or charge over our immovable properties and hypothecation of our movable properties and furnish guarantees by the Promoters. Additionally, we are required to, among others, maintain the prescribed debt coverage ratio, net total debt, fixed asset coverage ratio and net external debt. In the past, we have been non-compliant with certain financial covenants under our loan agreements and there can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with these financial or other covenants in the future or that we will be able to obtain consents necessary to take the actions that we believe are required to operate and grow our business. In particular, our subsidiary Devyani International (Nigeria) Limited has previously been unable to comply with its financial covenants under its facility agreements with a certain lender, and has also defaulted in its debt repayment obligations, resulting in a restructuring of the loan. The consequences of not being in compliance with terms and conditions of the loan agreements including the financial covenants could be acceleration of maturity of the facility sanctioned to us and declaring all amounts outstanding, enforcement of security and exercising by the lenders of any right available to them under such loan agreements. Further, any fluctuations in the interest rates or downgrade in the credit ratings assigned to our debt instruments may directly impact the interest costs of such loans. Our ability to make payments on and refinance our indebtedness will depend on our continued ability to generate cash from our future operations. We may not be able to generate enough cash flow from operations or obtain enough capital to service our debt. For further information, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” beginning on page 312. 

Any failure to comply with the conditions and covenants in our financing agreements that is not waived by our lenders or guarantors or otherwise cured could lead to a termination of our credit facilities, foreclosure on our assets, acceleration of all amounts due under such manufacturing facilities or trigger cross-default provisions under certain of our other financing agreements, any of which could adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to conduct and implement our business plans. 

# **_29. We have certain contingent liabilities that have not been provided for in our financial statements, which if they materialize, may adversely affect our financial condition._** 

As of March 31, 2021, our contingent liabilities that have not been accounted for in our financial statements, were as follows: 

|**Particulars**|**Amount**<br>**(**₹**million)**|
|---|---|
|**Contingent Liabilities and Other Claims**||
|**(a) Claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts **<sup>**(1)**</sup>||
|**(i) Claims made by sales tax authorities, service tax authorities and income tax authorities**||
|Value added tax|44.17|
|Service tax|10.37|
|Income tax|184.73|



42 

|**Particulars**|**Amount**<br>**(**₹**million)**|
|---|---|
|**Total**|**239.27**|
|**(ii) Others (miscellaneous claims in relation to the Company’s operations) **<sup>**(1)**</sup>|30.44|
|**(b) Others**||
|Commitments – Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and not provided for (net of<br>advance)|494.40|



_Notes:_ 

_1. The Group is party to various legal proceedings in the normal course of business and does not expect the outcome of these proceedings to have any adverse effect on the consolidated financial statements and hence no provision has been recorded against these legal proceedings at this stage. Pending resolution of the respective proceedings, it is not practicable for the Group to estimate the timings of cash out flows, if any, in respect of the above as it is determinable only on receipt of judgements / decisions pending with various forums/ authorities. Accordingly, the abovementioned contingent liabilities are disclosed at an undiscounted amount._ 

If a significant portion of these liabilities materialize, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further information, see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Statements_ ” on page 281. 

# **_30. Any disruption in the operation of our commissary site could affect the operations of our stores._** 

One of the key functions of our business for Costa Coffee stores and stores of our other brands is the manufacture and/or distribution of all food items and other consumables used in the stores by our own commissary based in Gurgaon. Our commissary produces and co-ordinates the delivery of fresh food to some stores in India. A failure in our operational and delivery systems, shortages or interruption in the supply of food (caused by weather or other conditions) and a resultant failure to maintain the frequency of deliveries to the stores or the quality of produce delivered would be likely to impact the ability of stores to service the end customer, thus reducing overall volume of sales. Deliveries from our commissary to our stores could also be impacted by reasons beyond our control, such as a strike by transporters, loaders or fuel stations. Furthermore, any unavailability or breakdown of equipment, such as refrigerators and dough kneading machines, utilised in our commissaries could lead to an interruption in the supply of food items to our stores which would have a material adverse effect on our sales. A reduction in the volume of our sales due to a failure in our manufacturing and delivery processes would be likely to have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_31. Our inability or failure to recognize, respond to and effectively manage the accelerated impact of social media could materially adversely affect our business._** 

In recent years, there has been a marked increase in the use of social media platforms in India, including blogs, social media websites and applications, and other forms of Internet-based communications which allow individuals access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons. Many social media platforms immediately publish the content for their subscribers and participants post, often without filters or checks on accuracy of the content posted. The dissemination of inaccurate information online could harm our business, reputation, prospects, financial condition and operating results, regardless of the information’s accuracy. The damage may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. Other risks associated with the use of social media include improper disclosure of proprietary information, negative comments about our brands, exposure of personally identifiable information, fraud, hoaxes or malicious exposure of false information. We have previously been subject to allegations of fraud targeting one of our stores, and such claims were made on social media. For further information, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 356. The inappropriate use of social media by our customers or employees or suppliers or other third parties could increase our costs, lead to litigation or result in negative publicity that could damage our reputation and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_32. We are dependent on a number of key personnel, and the loss of or our inability to attract or retain such persons could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are dependent on our Promoters, Directors, senior management and other key personnel for setting our strategic business direction and managing our business. Our Directors including Ravi Kant Jaipuria, and Varun Jaipuria, and our Whole-time Director (President & CEO), Virag Joshi and other senior members of our management team have significant experience in the F&B industry. Our ability to meet continued success and future business challenges depends on our ability to attract, recruit and retain experienced, talented and skilled professionals. Without a sufficient number of skilled employees, our operations and manufacturing quality could suffer. Competition for qualified personnel with established experience in the industry is intense, both in retaining our existing employees and when replacing or finding additional suitable employees. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting suitable employees. The loss of the services of our key personnel or our inability to recruit or train a sufficient number of experienced personnel or our inability to manage the attrition levels in different employee categories may have an adverse effect on our financial results and business prospects. 

43 

**_33. Certain matters in the license shareholders’ agreements entered into by our Company and certain of our shareholders, with Yum India may adversely affect our business operations._** 

Our Company and certain of our shareholders, namely, RJ Corp and Ravi Kant Jaipuria, have entered into the LSAs providing a guarantee for the due and punctual performance of our Company’s obligations and liabilities under the various TMAs and TLAs. Pursuant to the LSAs, the aforesaid shareholders are required to indemnify Yum for losses incurred as a result of failure of our Company to comply with the terms and conditions of the TLAs and TMAs. Such indemnity is limited to the aforesaid shareholders and is not a guarantee by all other shareholders of the Company, including those who may acquire Equity Shares of our Company going forward. Invoking these guarantees under the LSAs may adversely affect our business operations and performance and may require such shareholders to incur certain costs to meet their obligations under these agreements. Further, while these LSAs imposed absolute share transfer restrictions and other restrictions on RJ Corp and Ravi Kant Jaipuria, our Company and certain shareholders (RJ Corp, Ravi Kant Jaipuria, Khandwala Finstock Private Limited, Capital India Corp LLP, Manju Dawar, Raghav Gupta) have entered into the LSA Amendment Agreement which relaxed certain share transfer restrictions for shareholders of our Company as on the date of the LSA Amendment Agreement to enable them to trade on the stock exchanges post listing of the Equity Shares. However, the LSA Amendment Agreement, despite relaxing the share transfer restrictions on shareholders of our Company as on the date of the LSA Amendment Agreement, imposes certain transfer restrictions on our Promoters for the Equity Shares held by them and also requires our Promoters and Promoter Group to collectively hold at all times 51% of the issued and paid-up share capital of our Company. Such restrictions on our Promoters and Promoter Group, as applicable, may impact the ability of our Company to raise capital in future through issuance of equity shares. For details regarding the LSAs and the LSA Amendment Agreement, see “ _Our Business – Key Agreements”._ 

**_34. Our Subsidiary, DASMPL, has faced certain issues in relation to its operation and management, and there is no assurance that we will be able to resolve these issues in a timely manner or at all._** 

Our Company holds 51% of the share capital of our Subsidiary, DASMPL, while the remaining 49% is held by High Street Food Services Private Limited (“ **HSFPL** ”). We have in the past faced issues with HSFPL in relation to the operation and management of DASMPL on account of non-cooperation by HSFPL’s nominee directors and lack of support from HSFPL as a shareholder of DASMPL. For instance, nominee directors of HSFPL appointed on the board of DASMPL have not attended certain board meetings of DASMPL in certain fiscals. As a result, the annual accounts of DASMPL for some fiscals were not approved by HSFPL’s nominee directors. Further, HSFPL, on certain occasions, has also not attended DASMPL’s general meetings in its capacity as a shareholder of DASMPL. DASMPL, as a result, may not have been in compliance, and may not be able to comply in future, with its contractual requirements under the shareholders’ agreement entered into by and among our Company, DASMPL, HSFPL and those under its constitutional documents. Consequently, this may result in delays and noncompliance (including those relating to certain regulatory filings) on part of DASMPL from time to time. While our Company has made efforts to resolve these issues with HSFPL, there is no assurance that our Company will be able to resolve these issues in a timely manner or at all. 

**_35. We have in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus included certain non-GAAP financial and operational measures related to our operations and financial performance that may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across the QSR industry. We rely on certain assumptions and estimates to calculate such measures, therefore such measures may not be comparable with financial, operational or industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other similar companies._** 

Certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other industry measures relating to our operations and financial performance, such as EBITDA, have been included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. We have computed and disclosed such non-GAAP financial and operational measures, and such other statistical and operational information relating to our operations and financial performance in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, as we consider such information to be useful measures of our business and financial performance, and because such measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and others to evaluate the operational performance of the QSR businesses, many of which provide such non-GAAP financial and operational measures, and other related statistical and operational information, and we may not continue to disclose such information in the future. 

These non-GAAP financial and operational measures, and such other related statistical and operational information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to financial and operational measures, and other related statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other QSR companies. 

Further, as the industry in which we operate continues to evolve, the measures by which we evaluate our business may change over time. While these numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable estimates, our internal tools have a number of limitations, some of which may be beyond our control, and our methodologies for tracking these measures may change over time. Such supplemental financial and operational information is therefore of limited utility as an analytical tool, and investors are cautioned against considering such information either in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements disclosed elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see 

44 

“ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Non-GAAP Measures_ ” on page 331. 

# **_36. Inability to maintain adequate internal controls may affect our ability to effectively manage our operations, resulting in errors or information lapses._** 

As we continue to expand, our success depends on our ability to effectively utilize our resources and maintain internal controls. We may need to modify and improve our financial and management control processes, reporting systems and procedures and other internal controls and compliance procedures to meet our evolving business needs. If we are unable to improve our controls, systems and procedures, they may become ineffective and adversely affect our ability to manage our operations resulting in errors or information lapses that affect our business. Our efforts in improving our internal control systems may not result in eliminating all risks. If we are not successful in discovering and eliminating weaknesses in our internal controls, our ability to manage our business effectively may materially and adversely be affected. 

# **_37. Any failure or disruption or breaches of our information technology systems or an inability to adapt to newer systems could adversely impact our business and operations._** 

Our business is dependent upon increasingly complex and interdependent information technology systems, including internetbased systems, to support business processes including day to day operations, supply chain and restaurant management. For example, we equip all of our restaurants with a centrally controlled digital menu board, self-ordering kiosks and handheld POS systems; use POS cash register software system to record all sales transactions at our restaurants and verify sales data; provide delivery through own and third party applications; and use information technology to manage our business and measure and monitor key metrics for operational performance, sales and profitability. The complexity of our computer systems may make them potentially vulnerable to breakdown, malicious intrusion and computer viruses, or data security breaches, whether by employees or others, that may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. We have experienced certain minor disruptions to our information technology systems in the past and we cannot assure you that we will not encounter disruptions in the future. Any such disruption may result in the loss of key information or disruption of our business processes, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

In addition, as technology systems are consistently evolving, our operations are partially impacted by our ability to respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices in a cost-effective and timely manner. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully implement new technologies or adapt our processing systems to evolving customer requirements or emerging industry standards. Changes in technology may make newer solutions more competitive than ours or may require us to make additional capital expenditure to upgrade our facilities and technology. If we are unable, for technical, legal, financial or other reasons, to adapt in a timely manner to changing market conditions, evolving customer requirements or technological changes, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

# **_38. Our Promoters will continue to retain majority shareholding in us after the Offer, which will allow them to exercise significant influence over us and potentially create conflicts of interest._** 

As on date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters hold approximately 77.32% of the paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. Accordingly, our Promoters will continue to exercise significant influence over our business policies and affairs and all matters requiring shareholders’ approval, including the composition of our Board, the adoption of amendments to our constitutional documents, the approval of mergers, strategic acquisitions or joint ventures or the sales of substantially all of our assets, and the policies for dividends, lending, investments and capital expenditures. This concentration of ownership also may delay, defer or even prevent a change in control of our Company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of these stockholders. The interests of the Promoters as our controlling shareholders could conflict with our interests or the interests of its other shareholders. We cannot assure you that the Promoters will act to resolve any conflicts of interest in our favour. 

# **_39. If we are unable to comply with health, safety and environmental regulations, and any other regulations, our business, results of operations and reputation could be adversely affected._** 

As a preparer of food products for human consumption, we are subject to health, safety and environmental laws and regulations, including regulations promulgated and enforced by local, national and international authorities. These directives, laws and regulations relate to water discharges, air emissions, waste management, noise pollution and workplace and product health and safety and the use of plastics, among others. Health, safety and environmental legislation in India and elsewhere has tended to become broader and stricter, and enforcement has tended to increase over time. For example, as a part of a national campaign to rid of plastic waste in India, in June 2019, the GoI announced its intention to eliminate single-use plastic by 2022. This required us to incur additional costs to adapt our operations and eliminate straws and lids from our products. Any failure to comply with health, safety and environmental requirements by us or sub-franchisees, including in obtaining and retaining applicable licenses and permits, may lead to fines and other sanctions and even restaurant closures, as well as damage our reputation. If health, safety and environmental laws and regulations in India change or are further strengthened in the future, the extent and timing of investments required to maintain compliance may differ from our internal planning and may limit the 

45 

availability of funding for other investments. In addition, if the costs of compliance with health, safety and environmental laws and regulations continue to increase and it is not possible for us to reflect these additional costs in the price of our products, our profitability could be adversely affected. 

# **_40. There have been delays and defaults in payment of statutory dues of our Company._** 

There have been certain delays ranging from a day to 519 days in payment of statutory dues in the past three Fiscals and defaults in payment of statutory dues of our Company for Fiscal 2021. The instances of non-payment of statutory dues included provident fund liability of ₹ 0.25 million, ₹ 15.69 million on which tax was not deducted and ₹ 0.58 million in lieu of professional tax were not paid until March 31, 2021. While no penalties have been imposed on us for such delay and nonpayment of statutory dues by the concerned regulatory authorities, there is no assurance that penalties, if any, will not be imposed on us in future. Further, while we continue to pay all statutory dues which become payable in a timely manner, we cannot assure you that there will not be any defaults or delay in payments of statutory dues in future. 

# **_41. Any disruption in power supply to our stores or increase in power and fuel tariffs may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We have significant power requirements for continuous running of our operations and business. Our power and fuel costs as a percentage of our revenue from operations was 6.55%, 6.33% and 5.74% in Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. In particular, our stores have significant electricity and fuel requirements and any interruption in power and fuel supply to our stores may disrupt our operations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We depend on third parties for all of our power and fuel requirements. Since we have significant power consumption, any unexpected or significant increase in our power tariffs could increase the operating costs of our stores. In certain of the regions in which we operate there are limited number of electricity providers, and in some instances only one, and to the extent there is a price increase, we do not expect to be able to find a cost-effective substitute, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_42. A failure by us to protect and strengthen the brands under our Other Business could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The continued growth of stores operated under our Other Businesses depends on consumers’ perception of and strength of the brand and the trademarks, service marks and other intellectual property relating to our own brands ‘Vaango’ and ‘Food Street’, as well as other proprietary information relating to our products. We have registered certain trademarks in India for the ‘Vaango’ and ‘Food Street’ brands, among others, and may apply for such registrations in the future. The registration of intellectual property including trademarks is a time-consuming process and there can be no assurance that any registration applications we may pursue will be successful and that such registration will be granted to us. If we fail to register the appropriate intellectual property, or our efforts to protect relevant intellectual property prove to be inadequate, the value attached to our brand and proprietary property could deteriorate, which could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

In particular, similar trade names by third parties may result in confusion among our customers, and we are exposed to the risk that eateries in India and elsewhere could pass off their stores as stores of our Other Business. In the event of such unauthorized use, we may be compelled to pursue legal action for the protection of our brands and intellectual property, which may divert our attention and resources thereby affecting our business operations. 

# **_43. We may be unable to accurately forecast demand for our products, which could have a material adverse impact on our brand, profit margins and results of operations._** 

The supply of ingredients and packaging materials for our food products is based primarily on forecasts and requirements prepared directly by our RGMs on a store by store basis. These forecasts are based on past sales as well as anticipated demand, which is based to a certain extent on the subjective assessment of the RGMs. We also provide our suppliers with periodic forecasting schedules as part of our distribution and supply agreements with them. We do have the ability to distribute any excess supply to nearby stores but an inability to accurately forecast demand for our food products could lead to excess supply or a shortage in the supply of ingredients and packaging materials from our approved suppliers, which would have a material adverse impact on our brand, profit margins and results of operations. In addition, if we are unable to accurately forecast demand on a daily basis at store level, this might lead to wastage since many of our products are perishable, which may result in an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. This could also occur as a result of unexpected events, such as the COVID-19 crisis and the resultant lockdown in India. The reduction in level of business activity due to COVID-19 pandemic led to write offs of food inventory and related commitments since our inventory includes food items which are perishable and exceptional in nature. 

46 

**_44. Our Company and Corporate Promoter have faced certain issues with share transfer agents and registrar in the past in relation to transfer and credit of certain equity shares of our Company and some of our corporate records are not traceable or rectifiable._** 

DJ Agri Industries Private Limited (“ **DJ Agri** ”), which held 8,590 equity shares bearing face value of ₹ 10 each of our Company, merged into our Corporate Promoter (with effect from April 1, 2019) and the equity shares of our Company held by DJ Agri were transferred to our Corporate Promoter pursuant to a scheme of amalgamation. The demat account of DJ Agri was maintained with Karvy Stock Broking Limited (“ **KSBL** ”). However, since pursuant to SEBI orders dated November 22, 2019 and November 24, 2020, the activities of KSBL were restricted. Despite submitting all requisite original documents twice, the instructions for transfer of the aforesaid 8,590 equity shares bearing face value of ₹ 10 each from DJ Agri to our Corporate Promoter have not been issued by KSBL till date. As KSBL has since been taken over by an entity regulated with NSDL and SEBI, our Corporate Promoter is making continuous efforts to get these equity shares transferred in its name in due course of time. 

Certain Form(s) 2 filed by our Company in the past had factual inaccuracies, which included certain typographical errors with respect to the total number of equity shares, date of allotment, total consideration, and price of allotment of equity shares mentioned in such Form(s) 2 for certain allotments made in the years 1992, 2001, 2002. Further, our Company is not able to trace records of a Form 32 that were required to be filed by our Company with the Registrar of Companies in the past, pertaining to a period when the records at Registrar of Companies were not computerized. We have been unable to trace the Form 32 required to be filed under the erstwhile Companies Act, 1956 for regularization of our Director, Ravi Kant Jaipuria. While our Company made efforts to conduct a physical search at the jurisdictional Registrar of Companies for the missing Form 32, the same could not be traced because of lockdown restrictions and curfew imposed on account of the COVID-19 pandemic. Accordingly, reliance has been placed on the shareholders’ resolution passed at the AGM held on September 30, 1996 for the regularization of Ravi Kant Jaipuria, as a director of our Company. There is no assurance that these records would be traceable or rectifiable, or the Company will not be subject to penalties for the same, in the future. 

# **_45. Some of our Promoters as well as some Directors on our Board and their relatives hold Equity Shares and are therefore interested in the Company’s performance in addition to their remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Some of our Promoters as well as some Directors of our Company and their relatives are interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses, to the extent of their shareholding in our Company and a property acquired by our Company from our Corporate Promoter. We cannot assure you that our Promoters and Directors will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. Our Promoters and Directors may take or block actions with respect to our business which may conflict with the best interests of our Company or that of minority shareholders. For further information on the interest of our Promoters and Directors of our Company, other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or normal remuneration or benefits, see “ _Our Management_ ” and “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group_ ” on pages 176 and 186, respectively. 

# **_46. We have had negative cash flows in the past, and may have negative cash flows in the future. Negative cash flows could adversely affect our cash flow requirements, our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans, thereby affecting our financial performance._** 

We have in the past, and may in future, experience negative cash flows from investing and financing activities. Set forth below is a table of selected information from our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements of cash flows for Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021: 

|**Particulars**||**Fiscal**<br>||
|---|---|---|---|
||**2019**|**2020**<br>**(**₹**million)**|**2021**|
|Net cash from/ (used in) operating activities|2,777.62|3,007.16|2,395.57|
|Net cash from/ (used in) investing activities|(1,676.74)|(974.29)|(3,585.96)|
|Net cash from/ (used in) financing activities|(1,305.04)|(2,226.15)|1,419.82|



For further information, see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Statements_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on pages 198 and 315, respectively. We cannot assure you that our net cash flows will be positive in the future. 

Negative cash flows over extended periods, or significant negative cash flows in the short term, could materially impact our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans. As a result, our cash flows, business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. 

47 

# **_47. We have issued Equity Shares at prices that may be lower than the Offer Price in the last 12 months._** 

We have issued and allotted Equity Shares at a price which may be lower than the Offer Price in the period of 12 months preceding the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For further details, see “ _Capital Structure – Notes to the capital structure – Equity Share capital history of our Company_ ” on page 74. We cannot assure you that the Equity Shares issued in the future will be at or lower than the Offer Price. Further, the price at which Equity Shares have been issued by us in the preceding one year is not necessarily indicative of the Offer Price. 

# **_48. We have entered into, and may continue to enter into, related party transactions which may not always enable us to achieve the most favourable terms._** 

We have entered into transactions with related parties in the past and from, time to time, we may enter into related party transactions in the future. These transactions principally include remuneration to our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel. In addition, we have recently also divested our shareholding in our erstwhile subsidiary, DIUPL pursuant to a share purchase agreement dated February 17, 2021 entered by and among our Company, DIUPL, and Arctic International Private Limited, Mauritius, a wholly owned subsidiary of our Corporate Promoter and also a member of Promoter Group, for a consideration of USD 50,000 (equivalent to ₹ 3.60 million), determined based on an independent third-party valuation report. For further information relating to our related party transactions, see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 38: Related Party Disclosures_ ” on page 275. While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, we cannot assure you that we might have obtained more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. Further, it is likely that we may enter into additional related party transactions in the future. Such related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. 

# **_49. Our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of Net Proceeds are not appraised by any independent agency, which may affect our business and results of operations._** 

We intend to use the Net Proceeds for the purposes described in “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 92 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Our funding requirements are based on management estimates and our current business plans and has not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. The deployment of the Net Proceeds will be at the discretion of our Board. However, the deployment of the Net Proceeds will be monitored by a monitoring agency appointed pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations. We may have to reconsider our estimates or business plans due to changes in underlying factors, some of which are beyond our control, such as interest rate fluctuations, changes in input cost, inability to identify suitable location for our stores at favourable terms and other financial and operational factors. 

Accordingly, prospective investors in the Offer will need to rely upon our management’s judgment with respect to the use of proceeds. If we are unable to deploy the Net Proceeds in a timely or an efficient manner, it may affect our business and results of operations. 

**_50. We are subject to a number of market, business, financial, legal and regulatory risks and uncertainties with respect to our international operations that could have a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations._** 

We operate certain stores of KFC, Pizza Hut and other brands in Nepal and Nigeria. Revenue generated from our stores outside India represented 8.42%, 9.83%, and 10.17% of our revenue from operations in Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. Our operations outside India are subject to a number of market, business and financial risks and uncertainties, including those related to geopolitical and economic instability, foreign currency exchange and interest rate fluctuations, competitive product offerings, local preferences, and workforce instability. Such risks and uncertainties may adversely impact our operations in these markets and, as a result, our sales, market share and operating profits from our international operations may be adversely affected. Further, in the event we are unable to meet our contractual obligations towards our franchisor due to these or any other factors, it may trigger breach consequences under our franchisee arrangements, which may adversely affect our ability to continue these operations with respect to our KFC and Pizza Hut stores. 

**_51. The insurance policies we maintain may be insufficient to cover future costs and losses the incurrence or magnitude of which are unforeseen or unpredictable and could result in an adverse effect on our business operations, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We maintain insurance which we believe is typical in our industry in India and in amounts which we believe to be commercially appropriate for a variety of risks. However, such insurance may not be adequate to cover all losses or liabilities that may arise from our operations, particularly when the loss suffered is not easily quantifiable. Our insurance policies contain exclusions and limitations on coverage, as a result of which, we may not be able to successfully assert our claims for any liability or loss under the said insurance policies. Additionally, there may be various other risks and losses for which we are not insured because such risks are either uninsurable or not insurable on commercially acceptable terms. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that in the future, we will be able to maintain insurance of the types or at levels which we deem necessary or adequate or at premiums which we deem to be commercially acceptable. The occurrence of an event for which we are not insured, where the 

48 

loss is in excess of insured limits occurs or where we are unable to successfully assert insurance claims from losses, could result in uninsured liabilities. Further, despite such uninsured losses we may remain obligated for any financial indebtedness or other obligations related to our business. Any such uninsured losses or liabilities could result in an adverse effect on our business operations, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_52. Our Promoters or Directors may enter into ventures that may lead to real or potential conflicts of interest with our business._** 

Our Promoters or Directors may become involved in ventures that may potentially compete with our Company, subject to the provisions and disclosure requirements provided under the code of conduct for board of directors and senior management personnel, the Companies Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations. The interests of our Promoters and Directors may conflict with the interests of our other Shareholders and our Promoters or Directors may, for business considerations or otherwise, cause our Company to take actions, or refrain from taking actions, in order to benefit themselves instead of our Company’s interests or the interests of its other Shareholders which may be harmful to our Company’s interests or the interests of our other Shareholders, which may materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_53. Our Company will not receive the entire proceeds from the Offer. Our Corporate Promoter, RJ Corp and our Shareholder, Dunearn are selling Equity Shares in the Offer and will receive proceeds as part of the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer includes an offer for sale of 125,333,330 Equity Shares by the Selling Shareholders. The proceeds from the Offer for Sale will be paid to the Selling Shareholders, in proportion of their respective portion of the Offered Shares transferred pursuant to the Offer, and we will not receive any such proceeds. For further details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” and “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” beginning on pages 74 and 92, respectively. 

# **_54. Industry information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from a third party industry report commissioned by our Company. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical, financial and other industry information is either complete or accurate._** 

We have used the report titled “ _India – The Future of Foodservice to 2025_ ” dated March 2021 (the “ _GlobalData Report_ ”), prepared and issued by GlobalData, for purposes of inclusion of such information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and commissioned by our Company at an agreed fees. This report is subject to various limitations and based upon certain assumptions that are subjective in nature. None of our Company, the Book Running Lead Managers or any other person connected with the Offer has independently verified such information. Although we believe that the data may be considered to be reliable, the accuracy, completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed and dependability cannot be assured. While we have taken reasonable care in the reproduction of the information, the information has not been prepared or independently verified by us, or the BRLMs or any of our or its respective affiliates or advisors and, therefore, we make no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of such facts and statistics. Further, there is no assurance that such information is stated or compiled on the same basis or with the same degree of accuracy as may be the case elsewhere. In addition, statements from third parties that involve estimates are subject to change, and actual amounts may differ materially from those included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_55. We face foreign exchange risks that could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows._** 

We have operations in Nepal and Nigeria outside of India. In addition, we import store equipment and purchase certain ingredients from suppliers outside India, and are therefore, exposed to foreign exchange risk between the Indian Rupee and U.S. dollars and other foreign currencies. There can be no assurance that such measures will enable us to avoid the effect of any adverse fluctuations in the value of the Indian Rupee against other relevant foreign currencies. Any significant fluctuation in the value of the Indian Rupee against such currencies including as noticed recently in the case of the US Dollar, may adversely affect our results of operations. Any appreciation of foreign currencies against the Indian Rupee may result in reduction of our margins and consequently have an adverse effect on business and result of operations. 

# **_56. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

We have not declared dividend in the past three Fiscals or in the current Fiscal. For further information, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 197. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. The declaration and payment of dividends will be recommended by the Board of Directors and approved by the Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act, 2013. The dividend distribution policy of our Company was approved and adopted by our Board on March 17, 2021. We may retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of the business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the 

49 

future. Accordingly, realization of a gain on Shareholders’ investments will depend on the appreciation of the price of the Equity Shares. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will appreciate in value. 

# **_57. Our operations may involve certain transactions in or with countries or persons that are subject to U.S. and other sanctions._** 

U.S. law generally prohibits U.S. persons from directly or indirectly investing or otherwise doing business in or with certain countries that are the subject of comprehensive sanctions and with certain persons or businesses that have been specially designated by the OFAC or other U.S. government agencies. Other governments and international or regional organizations also administer similar economic sanctions. Although we believe we have compliance systems in place that are sufficient to block prohibited transactions, there can be no assurance that we will be able to fully monitor all of our transactions for any potential violation. We may enter into transactions with suppliers or logistics providers who may be doing business with countries to which certain OFAC-administered and other sanctions apply, such as Iran. There can be no assurance that we will be able to fully monitor all of our transactions for any potential violation. If it were determined that transactions in which we participate violate U.S. or other sanctions, we could be subject to U.S. or other penalties, and our reputation and future business prospects in the United States or with U.S. persons, or in other jurisdictions, could be adversely affected. We rely on our staff to be up-to-date and aware of the latest sanctions in place. Further, investors in the Equity Shares could incur reputational or other risks as the result of our customers’ dealings in or with countries or with persons that are the subject of U.S. sanctions. 

# **EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

# **RISKS RELATING TO INDIA** 

**_58. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as Indian GAAP, U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which investors may be more familiar with and may consider material to their assessment of our financial condition._** 

Our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements for Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021, have been prepared and presented in conformity with Ind AS. Ind AS differs in certain significant respects from Indian GAAP, IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. If our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements were to be prepared in accordance with such other accounting principles, our results of operations, cash flows and financial position may be substantially different. Prospective investors should review the accounting policies applied in the preparation of our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements, and consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between these accounting principles and those with which they may be more familiar. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting standards on the financial disclosures presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

In addition, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“ **MCA** ”) has vide notification dated March 30, 2019 notified ‘Ind AS 116 – Leases’ and we were required to adopt Ind AS 116 from April 1, 2019. Therefore, our audited consolidated financial statements for Fiscals 2020 and 2021 have been prepared using Ind AS 116, while our audited consolidated financial statements for Fiscal 2019 was prepared based on applicable accounting standards AS 17 “Leases”, and does not reflect the application of Ind AS. We adopted Ind AS 116, effective annual reporting period beginning April 1, 2019 and applied the standard to our leases using the modified retrospective approach, under which the cumulative effect of initially applying the standard, is recognized on the date of initial application, i.e. April 1, 2019. However, for the purpose of preparing Restated Consolidated Financial Statements, Ind AS 116 has been applied using the modified retrospective approach with effect from April 1, 2018. For further information on such impact, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis on the Financial Conditions and Results of Operations – Changes in Accounting Policies in the last three financial years_ ” on page 330. 

Therefore, our audited consolidated financial statements for Fiscal 2019 are not comparable with the Restated Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the year ended March 31, 2019, as included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

The adoption of Ind AS 116, had a material impact on our financial statements. The major impact on the consolidated financial statements for the years ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2021, were on finance costs, depreciation and amortization expenses, rent expenses, profit before tax, profit after tax, total comprehensive income, earnings per share, EBITDA and other financial ratios. For further information on such impact, see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 36: Leases_ ” on page 272. The governmental and regulatory bodies in India may continue to notify such new accounting standards, regulations and/or policies. There can be no assurance that any such changes in accounting standards, regulations or policies would not lead to different accounting methods, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

50 

# **_59. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia, Russia and elsewhere in the world in recent years has adversely affected the Indian economy. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby negatively affect the Indian economy. Financial disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on our principal markets. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. Following the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union (“ **Brexit** ”), there remains significant uncertainty around the terms of their future relationship with the European Union and, more generally, as to the impact of Brexit on the general economic conditions in the United Kingdom and the European Union and any consequential impact on global financial markets. For example, Brexit could give rise to increased volatility in foreign exchange rate movements and the value of equity and debt investments. 

In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy as well as a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term effect of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. Any significant financial disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_60. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or outbreak of global pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war in India or globally may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighboring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_61. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located elsewhere, including India. Adverse economic developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficit, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 

We are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in which we operate. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. Demand for our products may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional and global economies. Economic growth in the countries in which we operate is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports, global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall which affects agricultural production. Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Also, a change in the government or a change in the economic and 

51 

deregulation policies could adversely affect economic conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular and high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our revenues, and as such decrease our operating margins. 

# **_62. If there is any change in laws or regulations, including taxation laws, or their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect our financial statements._** 

Any change in Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. For instance, the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2019, prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. According to this Act, companies can henceforth voluntarily opt in favor of a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which would ultimately reduce the tax rate (on gross basis) for Indian companies from 30% to 22% (exclusive of applicable health and education cess and surcharge). Any such future amendments may affect our ability to claim exemptions that we have historically benefited from, and such exemptions may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. 

The Finance Act, 2020 (“ **Finance Act** ”), has, amongst others things, provided a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime, including, without limitation, a simplified alternate direct tax regime. For instance, dividend distribution tax ( **“DDT** ”) will not be payable by a domestic company in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by the company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident and are likely be subject to tax deduction at source. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source from such dividend. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. 

Further, a draft of the Personal Data Protection Bill, 2019 has been introduced before the Lok Sabha on December 11, 2019, which is currently being referred to a joint parliamentary committee by the Parliament. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

In addition, we are subject to tax related inquiries and claims. We may be particularly affected by claims from tax authorities on account of income tax assessment, service tax and GST that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into one unified rate of interest with effect from July 1, 2017 and all subsequent changes and amendments thereto. 

Further, the Government of India has notified the Finance Act, 2021 (“ **Finance Act** ”) which has introduced various amendments to taxation laws in India. There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. 

# **_63. New banking requirements that have been implemented in India may inhibit our ability to effectively manage or move our funds to satisfy our business needs._** 

The Reserve Bank of India published a release on November 2, 2020 to supplement its circular on August 6, 2020 revising existing instructions on opening current accounts by the banks. The revised instructions aim primarily to enhance management of exposure to the banking system through prohibiting the banks to open current accounts for customers who maintain cash credit/overdraft facility from the banking system, setting forth requirements for opening current accounts for customers who do not have cash credit/overdraft facility from any bank and imposing on the banks a duty to monitor all current accounts and cash credit/overdraft facilities regularly to ensure compliance with the revised instructions. The release on November 2, 2020 refers to the requirement in the August 6, 2020 circular that the banks are to ensure compliance with the revised instructions by November 5, 2020, which elicited responses from the banks seeking clarifications on operational concerns regarding their existing current accounts. The Reserve Bank of India published a release on December 14, 2020, wherein it permitted banks to 

52 

open specific accounts which are stipulated under various statutes and instructions of other regulatory departments, without any restrictions. An indicative list of such accounts has been enumerated in the circular. The circular also mandates the banks to monitor all current accounts and cash credit/overdraft facilities regularly, at least on a half yearly basis, to ensure compliance with instructions contained in previous circulars. Our Company currently has an overdraft facility and may therefore be limited in its ability to open new current accounts or maintain existing current accounts with the banks under the reviewed instructions, which may in turn inhibit our ability to effectively manage or move our funds to satisfy our business needs, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_64. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For further information, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 400. 

# **_65. A downgrade in ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. India’s sovereign rating decreased from Baa2 with a “negative” outlook to Baa3 with a “negative” outlook by Moody’s and from BBB with a “stable” outlook to BBB with a “negative” outlook (Fitch) in June 2020; and from BBB “stable” to BBB “negative” by DBRS in May 2020. India’s sovereign ratings from S&P is BBB-with a “stable” outlook. Any further adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_66. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us._** 

We are incorporated under the laws of India and all of our Directors and key management personnel reside in India. A majority of our assets, and the assets of certain of our Directors, key management personnel and other senior management, are also located in India. Where investors wish to enforce foreign judgments in India, they may face difficulties in enforcing such judgments. India exercises reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions, such as United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong. In order to be enforceable, a judgment obtained in a jurisdiction which India recognises as a reciprocating territory must meet certain requirements of Section 13 and Section 44A of the Civil Procedure Code, 1908 (the “ **CPC** ”). Further, the CPC only permits enforcement of monetary decrees not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes or, other charges of a similar nature or in respect of a fine or other penalty. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions not recognised as a reciprocating territory by India, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, cannot be enforced or executed in India. Even if a party were to obtain a judgment in such a jurisdiction, it would be required to institute a fresh suit upon the judgment in India and would not be able to enforce such judgment by proceedings in execution. Further, the party which has obtained such judgment must institute the new proceedings within three years of obtaining the judgment. As a result, the investor may be unable to: (i) effect service of process outside of India upon us and such other persons or entities; or (ii) enforce in courts outside of India judgments obtained in such courts against us and such other persons or entities. 

It cannot be assured that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it views the amount of damages awarded as excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. A party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval from the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered pursuant to the execution of such foreign judgment. 

# **_67. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our services at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our clients thereby reducing our margins._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of transportation, wages, raw materials and other expenses relevant to our business. 

53 

High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our clients, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or increase the amount of fees for services to pass the increase in costs on to our clients. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Further, the Government of India has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

# **_68. Our business may be adversely affected by changes in general macroeconomic and demographic factors in India._** 

Our business results depend on a number of general macroeconomic and demographic factors in India which are beyond our control. In particular, our revenue and profitability are strongly correlated to consumer discretionary spending, which is influenced by general economic conditions, unemployment levels, the availability of discretionary income and consumer confidence, particularly in the cities and communities where our restaurants are located. Recessionary economic cycles, a protracted economic slowdown, a worsening economy, increased unemployment, increased food prices, increased energy prices, rising interest rates or other industry-wide cost pressures could also affect consumer behaviour and spending for restaurant dining occasions and lead to a decline in our sales and earnings. In particular, the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic has led to an economic downturn and a decrease in consumer discretionary spending in India and globally. India's GDP real growth rate declined to 4% in Fiscal 2020 and is estimated to decline to -10.3% in Fiscal 2021 due to the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, which led to the imposition of lockdown restrictions beginning in the last quarter of Fiscal 2020 that are expected to continue through the first quarter of Fiscal 2021, causing a contraction in the economy. It is estimated that India's GDP growth rate will resume to its pre-COVID-19 level by Fiscal 2022. 

In addition, increases in petrol, diesel, natural gas, electricity and other energy costs, and increases in borrowing costs with rising interest rates, could also result in our customers having lower disposable income and reduce the frequency with which they dine out or spend on each dining out occasion. Any significant decrease in our customer footfalls or average ticket price as a result of these or other factors could negatively impact our financial performance. Demographic factors, such as population concentrations in key metropolitan areas and cities where our restaurants are located, could also impact our brand awareness and customer footfalls in our restaurants. The QSR segment of the restaurant industry may also be affected by industry-specific developments, such as changes in trends relating to growing infrastructure spending and investment in retail space that result from changes in national, regional and local economic conditions. In addition, the government has imposed and is expected to continue to impose the heightened restrictive measures in relation to sanitization spaces, dining facilities, delivery services and other related areas following the COVID-19 pandemic, and market participants in the restaurant industry, including the QSR brands, are likely to incur higher operating costs to ensure compliance with any such measures in the future. Any adverse developments in relation to the QSR industry in India as a result of these or other factors could also adversely impact our future growth prospects. 

Unfavourable changes in the above factors or in other business and economic conditions affecting our customers could increase our costs, reduce customer footfalls in some or all of our restaurants or decrease average ticket prices or impose practical limits on the pricing of our products, any of which could lower our profit margins and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_69. We may be affected by competition law in India and any adverse application or interpretation of the Competition Act could in turn adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, as amended (the “ **Competition Act** ”), regulates practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India. Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition is considered void and may result in the imposition of substantial monetary penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or provision of services, shares the market or source of production or provision of services in any manner by way of allocation of geographical area, type of goods or services or number of customers in the relevant market or in any other similar way or directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. If it is proved that the contravention committed by a company took place with the consent or connivance or is attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other officer of such company, that person shall be also guilty of the contravention and may be punished. 

On March 4, 2011, the Government of India issued and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to and pre-approved by the Competition Commission of India (the “ **CCI** ”). Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued the Competition Commission of India (Procedure in regard to the transaction of business relating to 

54 

combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. The Competition Act aims to, among other things, prohibit all agreements and transactions, which may have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. 

The applicability or interpretation of the Competition Act to any merger, amalgamation or acquisition proposed or undertaken by us, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by CCI for alleged violation of provisions of the Competition Act may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operation. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain approval for any future acquisitions on satisfactory terms, or at all. If we are affected directly or indirectly by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act or any proceedings initiated by the CCI or any other relevant authority (or any other claim by any other party under the Competition Act) or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution under the Competition Act, including by way of financial penalties, our reputation may also be materially and adversely affected. 

# **RISKS RELATING TO THE OFFER AND THE EQUITY SHARES** 

# **_70. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares preemptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction the investors are located in do not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor's benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emption rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in us would be reduced. 

# **_71. Rights of shareholders of companies under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Our Articles of Association, composition of our Board, Indian laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive and widespread as shareholders' rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

# **_72. Your percentage of ownership may be diluted in the future._** 

We may be required to finance our growth through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by our Company, including a primary offering, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in the Company. Any future issuances of Equity Shares (including under the ESOP Schemes) or the perception that such issuance may occur, including to comply with the minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of the Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that the shareholders will not dispose of the Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of your investment in the Equity Shares. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales may occur may also affect the market price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_73. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of income arising on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares held as investments in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Any capital gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares on a Stock Exchange held for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to long term capital gains in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as whether the sale is undertaken on or off the Stock Exchanges, the quantum of gains and any available treaty relief. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of Securities Transaction Tax (“ **STT** ”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer. STT will be levied on the seller and/or the purchaser of the Equity Share and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. Further, any capital gains realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India as well as STT. 

55 

Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will not be chargeable to tax in India in cases where relief from such taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident read with the Multilateral Instrument (“ **MLI** ”), if and to the extent applicable, and the seller is entitled to avail benefits thereunder. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

No dividend distribution tax is required to be paid in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source pursuant to any corporate action including dividends. 

Similarly, any business income realised from the transfer of Equity Shares held as trading assets is taxable at the applicable tax rates subject to any treaty relief, if applicable, to a non-resident seller. Additionally, in terms of the Finance Act, 2018, which has been notified on March 29, 2018 with effect from April 1, 2018, the tax payable by an assessee on the capital gains arising from transfer of long term capital asset (introduced as section 112A of the Income-Tax Act, 1961) shall be calculated on such long-term capital gains at the rate of 10%, where the long-term capital gains exceed ₹100,000, subject to certain exceptions in case of a resident individuals and HUF. 

Further, the Finance Act, 2019 has made various amendments in the taxation laws and has also clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non -delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. These amendments were notified on December 10, 2019 and have come into effect from July 1, 2020. 

Our Company cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect on our Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_74. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and may experience price and volume fluctuations following the completion of the Offer, an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for our Equity Shares will develop or, if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book building process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described in “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 97. This price may not necessarily be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares after the Offer is completed. You may not be able to sell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer price at the time of listing and may as a result lose all or part of your investment. 

Our Equity Shares are expected to trade on NSE and BSE after the Offer, but there can be no assurance that active trading in our Equity Shares will develop after the Offer, or if such trading develops that it will continue. Investors may not be able to sell our Equity Shares at the quoted price if there is no active trading in our Equity Shares. 

There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past, and the trading price of our Equity Shares after the Offer could fluctuate significantly as a result of market volatility or due to various internal or external risks, including but not limited to those described in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. The market price of our Equity Shares may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including, among others: 

- the failure of security analysts to cover the Equity Shares after this Offer, or changes in the estimates of our performance by analysts; 

- the activities of competitors and suppliers; 

- future sales of the Equity Shares by us or our shareholders; 

- investor perception of us and the industry in which we operate; 

- our quarterly or annual earnings or those of our competitors; 

- developments affecting fiscal, industrial or environmental regulations; 

- the public’s reaction to our press releases and adverse media reports; and 

- general economic conditions. 

A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

56 

# **_75. Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Offer._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors' book entry, or 'demat' accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately six Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors' ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors' demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

# **_76. Future sales of Equity Shares or perceived potential sales of the Equity Shares by our Promoters may adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares._** 

After the completion of the Offer, our Promoters will own, directly, more than 51% of our outstanding Equity Shares. Upon expiry of the lock-in period provided under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, our Promoters will be eligible to sell part or all of the Equity Shares held by it. Future sales of a large number of the Equity Shares by our Promoter, either in one sale or over a series of sales, could adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares. Similarly, the perception that any such secondary sale may occur could adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares. No assurance may be given that our Promoters will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future, or that the market price of the Equity Shares will not be adversely affected by any such disposal, pledge or encumbrance of their Equity Shares. 

**_77. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid, and Retail Individual Bidders are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after the Bid/Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise or withdraw their bids at any time during the Bid/Offer Period and until the Bid/Offer Closing Date, but not thereafter. Therefore, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors will not be able to withdraw or lower their Bids following adverse developments in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or otherwise at any stage after the submission of their bids. 

# **_78. U.S. holders should consider the impact of the passive foreign investment company rules in connection with an investment in our Equity Shares._** 

A foreign corporation will be treated as a passive foreign investment company (“ **PFIC** ”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes for any taxable year in which either: (i) at least 75% of its gross income is “passive income” or (ii) at least 50% of its gross assets during the taxable year (based on of the quarterly values of the assets during a taxable year) are “passive assets,” which generally means that they produce passive income or are held for the production of passive income. 

Our Company believes it was not a PFIC for fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, and does not expect to be a PFIC for the current year or any future years. However, no assurance can be given that our Company will or will not be considered a PFIC in the current or future years. The determination of whether or not our Company is a PFIC is a factual determination that is made annually after the end of each taxable year, and there can be no assurance that our Company will not be considered a PFIC in the current taxable year or any future taxable year because, among other reasons, (i) the composition of our Company’s income and assets will vary over time, and (ii) the manner of the application of relevant rules is uncertain in several respects. Further, our Company’s PFIC status may depend on the market price of its Equity Shares, which may fluctuate considerably. 

# **_79. Compliance with provisions of Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act may affect payments on the Equity Shares._** 

The U.S. “Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act” (or “ **FATCA** ”) imposes a new reporting regime and potentially, imposes a 30% withholding tax on certain “foreign passthru payments” made by certain non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries). 

If payments on the Equity Shares are made by such non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries), this withholding may be imposed on such payments if made to any non-U.S. financial institution (including an intermediary) that is not otherwise exempt from FATCA or other holders who do not provide sufficient identifying information to the payer, to the extent such payments are considered “foreign passthru payments”. Under current guidance, the term “foreign passthru payment” is not 

57 

defined and it is therefore not clear whether and to what extent payments on the Equity Shares would be considered “foreign passthru payments”. The United States has entered into intergovernmental agreements with many jurisdictions (including India) that modify the FATCA withholding regime described above. It is not yet clear how the intergovernmental agreements between the United States and these jurisdictions will address “foreign passthru payments” and whether such agreements will require us or other financial institutions to withhold or report on payments on the Equity Shares to the extent they are treated as “foreign passthru payments”. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the consequences of FATCA, or any intergovernmental agreement or non-U.S. legislation implementing FATCA, to their investment in Equity Shares. 

58 

