# **SECTION II - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risks described below may not be exhaustive or the only ones relevant to us, the Equity Shares or the industry segments in which we currently operate. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently do not deem material may arise or may become material in the future. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial implication of any of the risks mentioned below. If any or a combination of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are not currently deemed material, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. Further, some events may be material collectively rather than individually._ 

_In order to obtain a complete understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Industry Overview”, “Our Business”, “Key Regulations and Policies”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments” on pages 127, 154, 178, 277 and 308, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and our business and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. Potential investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. Potential investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to legal and regulatory environment which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involves risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. See “Forward- Looking Statements” on page 20. Unless the context requires otherwise, all financial information included herein is derived from our Restated Financial Statements included in “Financial Statements” beginning on page 218._ 

_Unless stated otherwise, industry and market data used in this section has been obtained or derived from the report titled “Report on Pesticides Industry” dated October 2022, prepared and issued by CARE Advisory Research and Training Limited (“_ **_Company Commissioned CareEdge Report_** _”) (which is a paid report and was commissioned by us in connection with the Offer). Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the Company Commission CareEdge Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year. For more information, see – Risk Factor – Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus contain information from Company Commissioned CareEdge Report which has been exclusively commissioned and paid for by our Company and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in the Offer is subject to inherent risks” on page 55. Also see, “Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information and Market Data and Currency of Presentation – Industry and Market Data” on page 17._ 

# **INTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

# **1.** **_The outbreak of the COVID-19 Pandemic could have a significant effect on our results of operations and could negatively impact our business, revenues, financial condition and result of operations._** 

The rapid outbreak of the COVID-19 Pandemic, has severely impacted the physical and financial health of the people across the globe and our business could be materially and adversely affected by the outbreak of the present public health epidemics. To prevent the contagion in the country, 4 phases of nationwide lockdown was announced by the Government of India. During the first lockdown, the Company operations were shut for few days and demand of our Company’s products and services has seen a slowdown during that period. 

The spread of COVID-19 Pandemic may impact our Company’s operations. A slowdown in global economic growth or in economic growth in India (including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic) could exert downward 

31 

pressure on the demand for our product and services, which could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, the emergence of second and third waves of COVID-19 Pandemic had created concern all over the country and had resulted in fresh restrictions in across the country, including free movement of people, closure of offices and banking channels or working on the limited capacities, thereby hampering businesses and day to day functioning of companies. To combat this COVID 19 Pandemic, presently, various state governments of India, after assessing the situation of COVID-19 Pandemic in India, had again imposed partial lockdown or full lockdown and had taken several initiatives for social distancing in various parts of the states of the country, barring certain essential services. These measures have impacted and may further impact our workforce and operations, the operations of our consumers, and those of our respective distributors, retailers, vendors and suppliers. 

Given that the COVID -19 Pandemic and its impact remain a rapidly dynamic situation, the actual impact on our Company’s business will depend on future developments, including, among other things, any new information concerning the severity of the COVID -19 Pandemic and any action to contain its spread or mitigate its impact. While, our Company continue to monitor the developments of the COVID-19 Pandemic situation closely, assess and respond proactively to minimize any adverse impacts on the financial position, cash flows and operating results of our Company, it is possible that the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected due to the COVID-19 Pandemic. If the COVID-19 Pandemic situation persists or worsens, it may adversely impact our Company’s business and the financial condition. 

As these are unforeseen circumstances, it may give rise to risks that we may not have anticipated. If the outbreak of any of these pandemic or other severe pandemic, continues for an extended period, occur again and/or increases in severity, it could have an adverse effect on economic activity worldwide, including India, and could materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

**2.** **_We require certain approvals and licenses in the ordinary course of business, including certain registrations from the Central Insecticides Board and Registration Committee (“CIB&RC”) for our agrochemicals and any failure to successfully obtain such registrations or maintain our statutory and regulatory permits and approvals required to operate our business and manufacturing facility would adversely affect our operations, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are required to obtain and maintain various statutory and regulatory permits, approvals, licenses and registrations to operate our business, certain of which have been applied for and certain of which are due to expire in the near future. In particular, we are engaged in the manufacture of agrochemicals and our products are required to obtain regulatory pre-approval. As per Section 9 of the Insecticides Act, any person desiring to import or manufacture any insecticide may apply to the registration committee, i.e. CIB&RC, for registration of such insecticide and there is a separate registration for each insecticide. Accordingly, we provide each of our agrochemicals to the CIB&RC for their approval where they check the composition and purity profile of our agrochemicals before granting registrations. In addition, under Section 13 of the Insecticides Act, any person desiring to manufacture, sell, stock or exhibit for sale or distribute any insecticide, is required to make an application to the licensing officer for the grant of license. In particular, for our Company, we obtain licenses under Section 13 of the Insecticides Act from the Department of Agriculture, Gujarat, which makes periodic visits to inspect the infrastructure facilities available at our manufacturing facility as well as our agrochemicals. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have obtained registrations and license to manufacture agrochemicals from the CIB&RC Gujarat for 470 agrochemicals, out of which 269 agrochemical formulations and 6 agrochemical technicals are for sale in India and overseas markets and 195 agrochemical formulations are exclusively for sale in overseas markets. 

In addition, as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have applied to CIB&RC for registration of 18 agrochemical formulations and 17 agrochemical technicals, which are pending at various stages. For further information such as validity and other details of registrations and license to manufacture agrochemicals from the CIB&RC Gujarat, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 313. Although, we have duly obtained such approvals for manufacturing and distribute in India and in the international markets, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain or obtain the necessary approvals or registrations in the future in a timely manner or at all. 

32 

There may be instances where we have not applied for or obtained licenses or registrations in the ordinary course of business. While no legal action has been initiated against us in respect of these licenses and registrations, we cannot assure you that the absence of such licenses will not result in a regulatory authority taking any action against us, which may impact our business and operations. In the future, we will be required to renew such permits and approvals and obtain new permits and approvals for any proposed operations or products. While we believe that we will be able to renew or obtain such permits and approvals as and when required, there can be no assurance that the relevant authorities will issue any of such permits or approvals in the time-frame anticipated by us or at all. Further, these permits, licenses and approvals could be subject to several conditions, and we cannot assure you that we would be able to continuously meet such conditions or be able to prove compliance with such conditions to the statutory authorities, and this may lead to cancellation, revocation or suspension of relevant permits, licenses or approvals. Some of our licenses and approvals expire from time to time in the ordinary course of business and there can be no assurance that we will be able to apply and obtain such approvals, licenses or renewals in a timely manner or that the approvals, licenses, permits and registrations may not be revoked in the event of any non-compliance with any terms or conditions imposed thereof. For further information, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 313. An inability to renew, maintain or obtain any required permits, licenses, registrations or approvals may result in the interruption of a part or all of our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**3.** **_We are subject to strict technical specifications, quality requirements, regular inspections and audits by our customers and our failure to comply with the quality standards and technical specifications prescribed by such customers may lead to loss of business from such customers and could negatively impact our reputation, which would have an adverse impact on our business prospects and results of operations._** 

We are engaged in the manufacture of agrochemicals that are used in the manufacture of fungicides, herbicides, insecticides, plant growth regulators (PGR), micro fertilizers, and antibiotic. The manufacture of agrochemical formulations is complex, and we may experience problems during the manufacture of agrochemicals for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, manufacturing quality concerns, problems with raw materials, lack of technical know-how, natural disaster related events or other environmental factors. If our vendors fail to provide the raw materials or supply the same to our competitors, the manufacture of our agrochemicals could be disrupted, delayed or interrupted leading to adverse effect on our business, reputation, goodwill, results of operations and financial condition. Given the nature of our products and the sector in which we operate, our customers have stringent standards for product quality. Any failure on our part to maintain the applicable standards and manufacture products according to prescribed specifications, may lead to loss of business and reputation of our Company, rejection of the product, which will require us to incur additional cost, which will not be borne by the customer, to replace the rejected product, and loss of customer which could have adverse effect on our reputation, business and our financial condition. Additionally, it could expose us to monetary liability and, or, litigation 

**4.** **_We typically do not enter into long-term agreements with majority of our customers, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Though we have had repeat orders from customers and have developed long-term relationships with certain customers, we typically do not enter into long-term contracts with our customers. In the absence of long-term contracts, there can be no assurance that our existing customers will continue to purchase our products and any loss of our customers will have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Customers with whom we do not have long-term agreements may choose to cease sourcing our products. In the event a customer ceases to use us as its preferred supplier for products that were specifically created for them, we cannot assure you that we will be successful in marketing those products to another customer. This could lead to a surplus of those products in our inventory. We are also exposed to risks of lower sales volume or lower price realization on such volumes depending on prevailing market conditions, as a result of such short-term arrangements. Our relationship with our customers are therefore dependent to a large extent on our ability to regularly meet customer requirements, including price competitiveness, efficient and timely product deliveries, consistent product quality and minimum production capacity. In the event we are unable to meet such requirements in the future, it may result in decrease in orders or cessation of business from affected customers. 

33 

**5.** **_Our inability to identify and understand evolving industry trends, technological advancements, customer preferences and develop new products to meet our customers’ demands may adversely affect our business._** 

R&D is integral to our business and we are continuously engaged in trying to develop new processes for manufacturing agro-chemical products or improve or further optimise and streamline the process of the production of various agrochemical products. Our R&D efforts may not result in new technologies or products being developed on a timely basis or meet the needs of our customers as effectively as competitive offerings. We have invested substantial effort, funds and other resources towards our R&D. In Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022, and in the four months ended July 31, 2022, our expenditure towards R&D was ₹ 0.22 million, ₹ 0.12 million, ₹ 0.26 million and ₹ 1.88 million, respectively. However, our ongoing investments in R&D for new processes may result in higher costs without a proportionate increase in revenues. Delays in any part of the process, our inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for our products or failure of a product to be successful at any stage could adversely affect our business. Consequently, any failure on our part to successfully introduce new processes may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, our competitors may develop competing technologies that gain market acceptance before or instead of our products. Further, to enable smooth operations at our R&D centre, we are also highly dependent on skilled workforce. The loss of the services of such skilled personnel or our inability to recruit or train a sufficient number of experienced personnel may have an adverse effect on our financial results and business prospects. 

Further, the agro-chemicals industry is characterised by technological advancements, price fluctuations and intense competition. The laws and regulations applicable to our products, and our customers’ product and service needs, change from time to time, and regulatory changes may render our products and technologies non-compliant or obsolete. Our ability to anticipate changes in technology and regulatory standards, understand industry trends and requirements, changes in consumer preferences and to address unidentified needs among our current and potential customers in a timely manner, is a significant factor in our ability to remain competitive. This depends on a variety of factors, including, meeting development, production, certification and regulatory approval schedules; execution of internal and external performance plans; availability of supplier produced raw materials for production; performance of suppliers; hiring and training of qualified personnel; validation/ approval of costs incurred on R&D; achieving cost and production efficiencies; identification of emerging regulatory and technological trends in our target end markets; validation and performance of innovative technologies; and the level of customer interest in new technologies and products. There can be no assurance that we will be able to secure the necessary technological knowledge, through our own R&D or through technical assistance agreements or through strategic acquisitions that will allow us to continue to develop our product portfolio or that we will be able to respond to industry trends by developing and offering cost effective products. We may also be required to make significant investments in R&D, which may strain our resources and may not provide results that can be monetized. If we are unable to obtain such knowledge in a timely manner, or at all, we may be unable to effectively implement our strategies, and our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

**6.** **_Our business is subject to climatic conditions and is cyclical in nature. Seasonal variations and unfavourable local and global weather patterns may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

As an agrochemical company, our business is sensitive to weather conditions such as rains, drought, floods, cyclones and natural disasters, as well as events such as pest infestations. There is growing concern that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may have an adverse impact on global temperatures, weather patterns and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. Our results of operations are significantly affected by weather conditions in the agricultural regions in which our products are used. The most important determinant of our sales is the volume of crops planted. Adverse conditions early in the season, especially drought conditions, can result in significantly lower than normal plantings of crops and therefore lower demand for crop protection products. This can result in our sales in a particular region varying substantially from year to year. 

Weather conditions can also result in earlier or later sowings and affect the levels of pest infestations, which may affect both the timing and volume of our sales or the product mix. Adverse weather conditions may also cause volatility in the prices of commodities, which may affect growers’ decisions about the types and quantum of crops to plant and may consequently affect the sales of our crop protection products. The increasing concern over climate change may also result in enhanced regional and global legal and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of 

34 

greenhouse gases, as well as more stringent regulation of water rights. In the event that such regulations are enacted and are more aggressive than the sustainability measures that we are currently undertaking to improve our energy efficiency, we may experience significant increases in our costs of operations. 

In addition, sales of agrochemical formulations in India are typically seasonal due to the monsoon. For example, demand for pesticides is generally higher during the monsoon season and majority of our product sales take place typically between the months of June and November. As a result of such seasonal fluctuations, our sales and results of operations may vary by fiscal quarter and may not be relied upon as indicators of the sales or results of operations of other fiscal quarters, or of our future performance. 

**7.** **_Any unscheduled, unplanned or shutdowns in our manufacturing operations could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Any unscheduled, unplanned or prolonged disruption of our manufacturing operations, including, power failure, fire and unexpected mechanical failure of equipment, obsolescence, labour disputes, strikes, lockouts, earthquakes and other natural disasters, industrial accidents or any significant social, political or economic disturbances, or infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could reduce our ability to manufacture our products and adversely affect sales and revenues from operations in such period. While we have not encountered any material disruptions or power failure, fire and unexpected mechanical failure of equipment, obsolescence, labour disputes, strikes, lockouts, earthquakes and other natural disasters, industrial accidents or any significant social, political or economic disturbances, or infectious disease outbreak in the past three years, which have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, however the occurrence of any such incidents could also result in a destruction of certain assets, and adversely affect our results of operations. Any such disruption may interrupt our operations, which may interfere with manufacturing process, requiring us to either stop our operations or repeat activities that may involve additional time and increase our costs. However, other than impact of COVID-19 to the operations of the Company during the nationwide lockdown, our Company has not experienced any significant disruptions to its operations in the past three years. 

Although we take precautions to minimize the risk of any significant operational problems at our manufacturing facility, our customer, dealer and/or distributor relationships, business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by any disruption of operations at our manufacturing facility, including due to any of the factors mentioned above. Our operations are dependent on our reactors, machines, and equipment for manufacturing our products. Any significant malfunction or breakdown of our machinery may entail significant repair and maintenance costs and cause delays in our operations. In addition, we may be subject to manufacturing disruptions due to contraventions by us of any of the conditions of our regulatory approvals, which may require our manufacturing facility to cease, or limit, production until the disputes concerning such approvals are resolved. As certain regulatory approvals are site specific, we may be unable to transfer manufacturing activities to another location immediately. We may also be required to carry out planned shutdowns of our facility for maintenance, statutory inspections and testing, or may shut down certain facility for capacity expansion and equipment upgrades. Further, we may also face protests from local citizens at our existing facility or while setting up new facility, which may delay or halt our operations. 

Similarly, there is no assurance that those of our manufacturing facility unaffected by an interruption will have the capacity to increase their output to manufacture products for the affected manufacturing facility, to the extent that all outstanding orders will be fulfilled in a timely manner. In the event of prolonged interruptions in the operations of our manufacturing facility, we may have to import various supplies and products or purchase them locally in order to meet our production requirements, which could affect our profitability. 

**8.** **_Inability to meet the quality standard norms prescribed by the central and state governments in India as well as governments of other countries where we export our products, could result in the sales of our products being banned or suspended or becoming subject to significant compliance costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows._** 

The quality of agrochemicals manufactured in India are open to independent verification by Government agencies including the respective governments of the countries where we export our products. Regulatory authorities, including the relevant state authorities under the Insecticides Act, may carry out inspection of our premises, plant, equipment, machinery, manufacturing or other processes and sample checks on any material or substance in relation to our product 

35 

at short notice or without notice. The Government authorities could impose fines or issue us show cause notices if the samples are not in conformity with the prescribed quality norms. Any failure on quality control and/ or the required level of packaging disclosures by our Company could lead to suspension of sales of those batches and/ or product or our products being banned for sales. Except, one of our product Emamectin Benzoate 1.9% EC was banned by Licensing Authority and Deputy Agriculture Director on November 25, 2021 as the same was not found in accordance with the Pesticide Medicine Act, 1968 Rule 3(5), our Company has not faced any suspension/ ban on sale of any product in the past due to failure to meet prescribed quality standards and which had material adverse effect on effect on our financial results and business prospects, though certain show cause notices and proceedings have been initiated by Government agencies in India in relation to misbranded products, there can be no assurance that our products will not face any suspension/ ban in the future. For further, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 308. Any such order passed by the governmental authorities could generate adverse publicity about our Company and our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

**9.** **_Our operations are subject to environmental and workers’ health and safety laws and regulations. We may have to incur material costs to comply with these regulations or suffer material liabilities or damages in the event of an incidence or non-compliance of environment and other similar laws and regulations which may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our operations are subject to extensive environmental and hazardous waste management laws and regulations in India, including the Environmental Protection Act, 1986, as amended (the “ **Environment Act** ”), the Air Act, the Water Act, the Hazardous and Other Wastes (Management and Trans boundary Movement) Rules, 2016, as amended, and other regulations promulgated by the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change, Government of India (“ **MoEF** ”) and various statutory and regulatory authorities and agencies in India. 

The agro-chemical industry is subject to strict regulations with respect to a range of environmental matters including limitations on land use, licensing requirements, management of materials used in manufacturing activities, the storage of inflammable and hazardous substances and associated risks, the storage, treatment and disposal of wastes, remediation of contaminated soil and groundwater, air quality standards, water pollution and discharge of hazardous materials into the environment. For details of the key regulations applicable to our business in India, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 178. 

Although, our Company has installed soil bio reactor which is used to treat the wastewater / sewage water and remove pollutants from the wastewater, dust or other pollutants into the water that exceed permitted levels and cause damage to others may give rise to liabilities towards the government and third parties, and may result in our incurring costs to remedy any such wastewater/ sewage water. Environmental laws and regulations in India have become and continue to be more stringent, and the scope and extent of new environmental regulations, including their effect on our operations, cannot be predicted with any certainty. In case of any change in environmental or pollution regulations, we may be required to invest in, among other things, environmental monitoring, pollution control equipment, and emissions management and other expenditure to comply with environmental standards. While we have not encountered with any incidence or non-compliance of environment and other similar laws and regulations in the past three years, which have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, however any failure on our part to comply with any existing or future regulations applicable to us may result in legal proceedings, including public interest litigation, being commenced against us, third party claims or the levy of regulatory fines. Further, any violation of the environmental laws and regulations may result in fines, criminal sanctions, revocation of operating permits, or shutdown of our manufacturing facility. 

**10.** **_We depend on the success of our relationships with our customers. Our revenue is generated from certain of our key customers, and the loss of one or more such customers, the deterioration of their financial condition or prospects, or a reduction in their demand for our products could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

We have developed strong and long-term relationships with various large and multinational corporations that has helped us expand our product offerings and geographic reach. Accordingly, we are dependent on such large and multinational corporations and our business depends on the continuity of our relationship with these customers. We are dependent on a limited number of customers for a significant portion of our revenues. In Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 

36 

2022, and in the four months ended July 31, 2022, our top 10 customers contributed ₹399.98 million, ₹526.79 million, ₹ 757.65 million and ₹ 480.39 million, respectively of our total revenues from operations and represented 20.18%, 17.42%, 19.22% and 21.74%, respectively, of our total revenues from operations in such periods. There can be no assurance that our significant customers in the past will continue to place similar orders with us in the future. A significant decrease in business from any such key customer, whether due to circumstances specific to such customer or adverse market conditions affecting the agro-chemical industry or the economic environment generally, may affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our reliance on a select group of customers may also constrain our ability to negotiate our arrangements, which may have an impact on our profit margins and financial performance. The deterioration of the financial condition or business prospects of these customers could reduce their requirement of our products and result in decrease in the revenues we derive from these customers. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain historic levels of business from our significant customers, or that we will be able to significantly reduce customer concentration in the future. In addition, our revenues may be adversely affected if there is an adverse change in any of our customers supply chain strategies or a reduction in their sourcing of products we offer, or if our customers decide to choose our competitors over us or if there is a significant reduction in the volume of our business with such customers. Maintaining strong relationships with our customers is, therefore, essential to our business strategy and to the growth of our business. The loss of one or more of our significant customers or a reduction in the amount of business we obtain from them could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

# **11.** **_Our inability to collect receivables and default in payment from our customers could result in the reduction of our profits and affect our cash flows._** 

Our operations involve extending credit for extended periods of time to our customers, dealers and distributors in respect of our products, and consequently, we face the risk of non-receipt of these outstanding amounts in a timely manner or at all, particularly in the absence of long-term arrangements with customers, dealers and distributors. Our credit terms vary from 0 days to 90 days for our customers, dealers and distributors. While our customers typically provide us with letter of credits, we cannot guarantee that our customers, dealers and distributors will not default on their payments. Our inability to collect receivables from our customers, dealers and distributors in a timely manner or at all in future, could adversely affect our working capital cycle and cash flows. In Fiscals 2020, 2021, 2022 and for the four months period ended July 31, 2022, our trade receivables were  ₹ 333.29 million, ₹ 361.82 million, ₹ 859.82 million and ₹ 1,455.30 million, respectively, which represented  16.73%, 11.92%, 21.70% and 65.80%, respectively, of our total income for such periods. Further, 9.17%, 5.26%, 4.03% and 1.50% of our trade receivables were pending beyond a period of 180 days in Fiscals 2020, 2021, 2022 and for the four months period ended July 31, 2022, respectively. Our receivable turnover day was 61 days, 44 days and 80 days in Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively, and any increase in our receivable turnover days will negatively affect our business. Further, bad debts amounted to ₹ 2.25 million, ₹ 0.22 million, nil in Fiscals 2020, 2021, 2022, respectively and nil for the four months period ended July 31, 2022, respectively. If we are unable to collect customer receivables or if the provisions for doubtful receivables are inadequate, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Macroeconomic conditions could also result in financial difficulties, including insolvency or bankruptcy, for our customers and dealers, and as a result could cause customers and dealers to delay payments to us, request modifications to their payment arrangements, that could increase our receivables or affect our working capital requirements, or default on their payment obligations to us. In particular, farmers may be adversely affected by a number of factors beyond their control, such as, severe monsoon, drought or low prices for their crops, which could affect their financial condition and consequently their ability to pay the dealers for products that have already been sold to them and used by them. An increase in bad debts or in defaults by our customer and dealers may compel us to utilize greater amounts of our operating working capital and result in increased interest costs, thereby adversely affecting our results of operations and cash flows. 

**12.** **_Increasing use of alternative pest management and crop protection measures such as bio technology products, pest resistant seeds or genetically modified crops may reduce demand for our products and adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

37 

Alternative pest management and crop protection measures, such as, organic farming, bio technology products, pest resistant seeds or genetically modified crops may reduce the demand of our agro-chemicals products. The growth and acceptance of such alternative pest management and crop protection products and measures by consumers may have an adverse effect on the sales of chemical pesticides which may, in turn, affect the financial condition and results of operations of our Company. Zero budget natural farming is another such alternative to crop protecting chemicals which is a farming methodology that involves no use of chemical fertilizers. The concept was referred to in the Union Budget for Fiscal 2019 of the Government of India. Implementation of the said program may impact the sale of our agrochemical formulations, thereby causing a decline in the business operations and revenue of our Company. Further, genetically modified crops are crops whose DNA has been altered to provide them with certain desirable characteristics. The characteristics are usually targeted at higher yields, lower sensitivity to weather conditions, and resistance to common pests. In particular, significant research is being carried out to develop and commercialize seed traits that carry resistance to many of the pests, such as insects and fungi, for which farmers currently use crop protection products. Successful commercialisation of such traits may result in lower demand for certain of our products. 

Conversely, there have been instances of species of weeds and insects evolving to have resistance to crop protection products designed to control or eradicate them. Such resistance may result in reduced demand for the affected product, which may not be offset by increased sales of alternative products. If we fail to adapt our product range to respond to such developments, demand for our products or their price may decline and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**13.** **_Our lenders have imposed certain restrictive conditions on us under our financing arrangements. This may limit our ability to pursue our business and limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or industry._** 

As of September 30, 2022, our total outstanding borrowings on a consolidated basis (including non-fund based facilities availed by our Company) was ₹ 656.09 million. For further details, please see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 274. Our indebtedness could have several important consequences, including but not limited to the following: 

- a portion of our cash flow will be used towards repayment of our existing debt, which will reduce the availability of cash to fund working capital needs, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate requirements; 

- our ability to obtain additional financing in the future or renegotiate or refinance our existing indebtedness on terms favorable to us may be limited 

- our ability to obtain additional financing in the future at reasonable terms may be restricted; 

- fluctuations in market interest rates may affect the cost of our borrowings, as some of our loans are at variable interest rates; and 

- we may be more vulnerable to economic downturns, may be limited in our ability to withstand competitive pressures and may have reduced flexibility in responding to changing business, regulatory and economic conditions. 

Our financing agreements governing our borrowings include conditions and restrictive covenants that require us to obtain consents, no-objections or waivers from lenders prior to carrying out specified activities or entering into certain transactions. Such restrictive covenants, among other things, require our Company to obtain the approval of the relevant lender for _inter alia_ change in capital structure, ownership, management, control or beneficial ownership, effecting any scheme of amalgamation or reconstitution, alteration to the constitutional documents of the Company, restructuring or changing the management, changing our shareholding pattern. While we have obtained necessary consents from our lenders as required under our loan/financing documentation, for undertaking the Offer and related actions, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain such approvals in the future to undertake such activities as and when required or to comply with such covenants or other covenants in the future. 

Further, these debt obligations are typically secured by a combination of security interests. We are required to create charge over our present and future current assets and certain of our movable and immovable fixed assets and furnish guarantees from certain members of our Promoters and Promoter Group. The security allows our lenders to inter-alia sell the relevant assets in the event of our default. Further, our financing agreements also stipulate inter alia financial covenants required to be maintained by us during the duration of the facilities. There can be no assurance that our 

38 

lenders will not enforce the event of default clauses forming part of our borrowing arrangements and recall the loans and/or facilities advanced to us in the future. Further, a majority of our outstanding indebtedness have floating rates of interest. Any fluctuations in the interest rates may directly impact the interest costs of such loans and could adversely affect our financial condition. 

Any failure to service our indebtedness, perform any condition or covenant or comply with the restrictive covenants could lead to a termination of one or more of our credit facilities, default, acceleration of amounts due under such facilities and cross-defaults under certain of our other financing agreements, any of which may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

**14.** **_An adverse change in the regulations governing our business or the development of our products and their usage by our customers, including the development of licensing requirements and technical standards and specifications or the imposition of onerous requirements, may have an adverse impact on our operations._** 

Regulations and policies implemented by the Government of India as well as the countries to which we export our products can affect the demand for, expenses related to and availability of our products. In particular, since a portion of our revenues are derived from exports, any amendments to the export-import policies of the Government may potentially impact the business of our Company. We have incurred and expect to continue incurring costs for compliance with such laws and regulations. Any changes in government regulations and policies, such as the withdrawal of or changes in tax benefits, incentives and subsidies levied by India or other countries, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Protectionist measures, including countervailing duties and tariffs and government subsidization adopted or currently contemplated by governments in some of our export markets could adversely affect our sales. 

Further, regulatory requirements with respect to our products and the products of our customers are subject to change. The Government of India has from time to time determined that the use of certain pesticides will likely involve risk to human beings and animals and have prohibited or restricted the manufacture, import, formulation, transportation, sale and/or use of such pesticides in India. For instance, in 2018, the Department of Agriculture, Co-operation and Farmers Welfare, Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare, Government of India (“ **Ministry of Agriculture** ”), pursuant to a notification dated August 8, 2018 had imposed a ban on 18 pesticides in India for manufacture, import, formulate, transport, sell, use. Further, in May 2020, the Ministry of Agriculture has further issued a notification proposing to ban 27 insecticides in India for the import, manufacture, sale, transport, distribution and usage citing that several countries had already imposed a ban on these insecticides. 

Further, the Pesticide Management Bill, 2020, which is proposed as the successor to the Insecticides Act contains provisions for registration of pesticides and the evaluation criteria for such registration, regulation of advertisements by manufacturers and compensation for loss due to use of low quality pesticides, amongst other provisions. For details regarding certain key regulations applicable to our business in India, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 178. 

Further, we may be required to alter our manufacturing and/or distribution process, change our product portfolio and target markets and incur capital expenditure to achieve compliance with such new regulatory requirements applicable to us and our customers. We cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with the regulatory requirements. If we fail to comply with new statutory or regulatory requirements, there could be a delay in the submission or grant of approval for manufacturing and marketing new products or we may be required to withdraw existing products from the market. 

Moreover, if we fail to comply with the various conditions attached to such approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions once received, the relevant regulatory body may suspend, curtail or revoke our ability to market such products and/or we may be deemed to be in breach of our arrangements with our customers. Consequently, there is an inherent risk that we may inadvertently fail to comply with such regulations, which could lead to enforced shutdowns and other restrictions/ban imposed by the relevant authorities, as well as the withholding or delay in receipt of regulatory approvals for our new products, which may adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**15.** **_The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by the Selling Shareholders could be lower than the floor price._** 

39 

The Selling Shareholder’s average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares in our Company may be lower than the Floor Price of the Price Band as may be decided by the Company and the Selling Shareholders in consultation with the BRLMs. For further details regarding average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by the Selling Shareholders in our Company, please refer to the “ _Cover Page_ ” and chapter titled “ _Summary of the Offer Document_ ” on page 22. 

**16.** **_We derive almost all of our revenues from the sale of Formulations in the agro-chemicals industry and any reduction in the demand for such products or the agro-chemicals industry could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We derive all of our revenues from the sale of Formulations and our products have applications in the agro-chemicals industry. 

As a result, factors affecting the agro-chemicals industry or our customers, such as, (i) seasonality of demand for our customers’ products, which may cause our manufacturing capacities to be under utilised during specific periods; (ii) our customers’ failure to successfully market their products or to compete effectively; (iii) loss of market share, which may lead our customers to reduce or discontinue the purchase of our products; and (iv) economic conditions of the markets in which our customers operate, could have an adverse effect on our business and sales to our customers would decline substantially. Accordingly, any significant downturn in the agro-chemical industry could have a significant impact on our financial condition and our growth prospects. Further, our revenue from the sale of such products may also decline as a result of increased competition, regulatory action, patent litigation, pricing pressures or fluctuations in the demand for or supply of such products, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**17.** **_There are outstanding litigation proceedings against our Company, Promoters and our Directors. Any adverse outcome in such proceedings may have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

There are outstanding legal proceedings against our Company, Promoters and Directors, which are pending at various levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and other authorities. The summary of outstanding matters set out below includes details of criminal proceedings, tax proceedings, statutory and regulatory actions and other material pending litigation (as defined in the section “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 308) involving our Company, Directors, employees (in their capacity as employees of our Company) and Promoters. 

|**Name of Entity**|**Criminal**<br>**Proceeding**|**Tax**<br>**Proceeding**|**Statutory**<br>**or**<br>**Regulatory**<br>**Proceeding**|**Disciplinary**<br>**actions by**<br>**the SEBI or**<br>**Stock**<br>**Exchanges**<br>**against our**<br>**Promoters**|**Material**<br>**Civil**<br>**Litigation**|**Aggregate**<br>**Amount**<br>**Involved**<br>**(₹ in**<br>**million)***|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Company**|||||||
|Byour Company|31|-|-|-|2|39.58|
|Against our Company|1|-|1|-|2|69.79|
|**Directors (Other than**<br>**Promoters)**|||||||
|Byour Directors|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|Against the Directors|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|**Promoters**|||||||
|Byour Promoters|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|Against our Promoters|-|-|-|-|1|69.78|



_*To the extent quantifiable_ 

Further, except for an amount of ₹ 20.20 million pertaining to claims against our Company not-acknowledged as debt for infringement of patent, our Company did not have any contingent liabilities as on July 31, 2022. Out of total 

40 

contingent liabilities as of July 31, 2022 was ₹ 20.20 million, which as a percentage of our net worth was 2%. For further details of the contingent liabilities, please see “ _Restated Financial Information – Contingent Liabilities_ ” on page 258. 

There can be no assurance that these legal proceedings will be decided in our favor or in favor of our Company and Directors. In addition, we cannot assure you that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings that could divert our management’s time and attention and consume financial resources. Any adverse order or direction in these cases by the concerned authorities even though not quantifiable, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. For further details, please refer to “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 308. 

**18.** **_We intend to utilize a portion of the Net Proceeds to set up a manufacturing facility for technical products. We are yet to place orders for plant and machinery for the proposed manufacturing facilitiy. Any delay in undertaking such and not adhering to the schedule of implementation could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We intend to utilize a portion of our Net Proceeds to set up a manufacturing facility of technical products at Saykha Bharuch, Gujarat. The total estimated funds required for funding capital expenditure towards setting up of the Proposed Facility are approximately ₹1,728.00 million, as per Techno Economic Viability Study report dated September 2021 issued by Resurgent India Limited. The capital expenditure towards setting up of the Proposed Facility of ₹1,049.69 million will be met from the Net Proceeds and the balancing amount will be funded through new loan facility to be availed from the banks. We have placed orders for purchase of the machinery / equipment worth ₹ 394.96 million, as provided above, have been placed as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. Our Company depending on various factors, will finalise the suppliers for the proposed object which may not be the same from whom the quotation was obtained. While we have obtained the quotations from various vendors in relation to the plant, machinery and equipment, most of these quotations are valid for a certain period of time and may be subject to revisions. We cannot assure that we will be able to procure plant, machinery and equipment within the cost indicated by such quotations and set up a manufacturing facility as per our schedule of implementation. For details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” at page 98. 

**19.** **_We face competition from both domestic as well as multinational corporations and our inability to compete effectively could result in the loss of customers, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects._** 

We face competition from both domestic and multinational corporations. Our failure to obtain new customers or to retain or increase our existing market share or effectively compete could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Competition in our business is based on pricing, relationships with customers, product quality and customization. We are exposed to the risk of losing market share to cheaper imports from other countries, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We also face pricing pressures from multinational companies that are able to produce chemicals at competitive costs and consequently, supply their products at cheaper prices. We are unable to assure you that we shall be able to meet the pricing pressures imposed by such multinational competitors which would adversely affect our profitability. 

Additionally, some of our competitors in the agro-chemicals segment may have greater financial resources, technology, R&D capability, greater market penetration and operations in diversified geographies and product portfolios, which may allow our competitors to better respond to market trends. Accordingly, we may not be able to compete effectively with our competitors across our product portfolio, which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. We may also incur significant expense in preparing to meet anticipated customer requirements that we may not be able to recover or pass on to our customers. Increased competition may force us to improve our process, technical, product and service capabilities and/or lower our prices or result in loss of customers, which may adversely affect our profitability and market share, in turn, affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. There is no assurance that we will remain competitive with respect to technology, design, quality or cost. 

41 

**20.** **_We may be subject to significant risks and hazards when operating and maintaining our manufacturing facility, including the manufacture, usage and storage of various flammable, corrosive or hazardous substances, for which our insurance coverage might not be adequate._** 

Certain of the raw materials that we use as well as our finished goods are corrosive and flammable and require specialized handling and storage, failing which we may be exposed to fires or other industrial accidents. While our Company believes that it has necessary controls, processes and insurance in place, any failure of such systems, mishandling of hazardous chemicals or any adverse incident related to the use of these chemicals or otherwise during the manufacturing process or storage of products and certain raw materials, may cause industrial accidents, fire, loss of human life, damage to our and third-party property and, or, environmental damage for which our insurance coverage may not be adequate. If any industrial accident, loss of human life or environmental damage were to occur, we could be subject to significant penalties, other actionable claims and, in some instances, criminal prosecution. In addition to adversely affecting our reputation, any such accidents, may result in a loss of property of our Company and/or disruption in our manufacturing operations entirely, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition to natural risks such as earthquake, flood, lightning, cyclones and wind, other hazards, such as fire, structural collapse and machinery failure are inherent risks in our operations. These and other hazards can cause significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property, plant and equipment and contamination of, or damage to, the environment and may result in the suspension of operations. 

**21.** **_Our manufacturing facility is concentrated in a single region and the inability to operate and grow our business in this particular region may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and future business prospects._** 

Our manufacturing facility is located at Kerala GIDC Estate, Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. Consequently, any materially adverse social, political or economic development, natural calamities, civil disruptions, or changes in the policies of the state government or local governments in this region could adversely affect, amongst others, manufacturing operations and transport operations, and require a modification of our business strategy, or require us to incur significant capital expenditure or suspend our operations. Any such adverse development affecting continuing operations at our manufacturing facility could result in significant loss due to an inability to meet customer contracts and production schedules, which could materially affect our business reputation within the industry. The occurrence of, or our inability to effectively respond to, any such events or effectively manage the competition in the region, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and future business prospects. 

**22.** **_Our inability to effectively manage our growth or to successfully implement our business plan and growth strategy could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We have experienced stable growth over the past three years. Our revenue from operations has grown at a CAGR of 41.02% from ₹ 1,982.22 million in Fiscal 2020 to ₹ 3,942.08 million in Fiscal 2022 and our Profit after tax has grown at a CAGR of 63.30% from ₹ 107.59 million in Fiscal 2020 to ₹ 286.90 million in Fiscal 2022. However, there can be no assurance that our growth strategy will be successful or that we will be able to continue to expand further, or at the same rate. 

The success of our business will depend greatly on our ability to effectively implement our business and growth strategy. Our growth depends on our ability to, amongst other factors, focus on R&D and process innovation to expand our product portfolio, grow customer base and revenue share with existing customers, focus on cost optimization, capitalize on industry opportunities, grow our portfolio of Formulations products, and expand our business and geographical footprint through inorganic growth. For further information, see “ _Our Business – Key Strategies_ ” on page 158 Our ability to achieve growth will be subject to a range of factors, including our ability to identify trends and demands in the industry; compete with existing companies in our markets; consistently exercise effective quality control; recognition of our brand in the new regions; hire and train qualified personnel; and ability to transport our finished products efficiently. Many of these factors are beyond our control and there is no assurance that we will succeed in implementing our strategies. Our future growth also depends on expanding our sales and distribution network to enter new markets, and recognition of our existing and recently introduced brands. We may face increased 

42 

risks when we enter new markets in India and internationally, and may find it more difficult to hire, train and retain qualified employees in new regions. 

In addition, we may have difficulty in finding reliable suppliers with adequate supplies of raw materials meeting our quality standards and dealers/ distributors with efficient distribution networks. As a result, the products we introduce in new markets may be more expensive to produce and/ or distribute and may take longer to reach expected sales and profit levels than in our existing sales and profit levels, which could affect the viability of these operations or our overall profitability. 

Our expansion plans and business growth could strain our managerial, operational and financial resources. Our ability to manage future growth will depend on our ability to continue to implement and improve operational, financial and management information systems on a timely basis and to expand, train, motivate and manage our workforce. There can be no assurance that our personnel, systems, procedures and controls will be adequate to support our future growth. Failure to effectively manage our expansion may lead to increased costs and reduced profitability and may adversely affect our growth prospects. Our inability to manage our business and implement our growth strategy could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and profitability. 

**23.** **_We are dependent upon the experience and skill of our management team and a number of key managerial personnel. If we are unable to attract or retain such qualified personnel, this could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are dependent on a highly qualified, experienced and capable management team for setting our strategic business direction and managing our business. Our Chairman, and our Directors and several of our key managerial personnel have extensive experience in the agro-chemicals sector. Our ability to meet continued success and future business challenges depends on our ability to attract, recruit and retain experienced, talented and skilled professionals. Without a sufficient number of skilled employees, our operations and manufacturing quality could suffer. Our experienced sales team has also developed a number of dealer relationships that would be difficult to replace. 

Competition for qualified technical personnel and operators as well as sales personnel with established dealer relationships is intense, both in retaining our existing employees and when replacing or finding additional suitable employees. Competition among agro-chemical companies for qualified employees, particularly R&D personnel, is intense and the ability to retain and attract qualified individuals is critical to our success. As of September 30, 2022, we had 314 permanent employees. Although the weighted average attrition rate of our employees (based on age demographics) was 43.16% and 26.67%, respectively, in Fiscal 2022 and the six months ended September 30, 2022, respectively, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to recruit and retain qualified and capable employees. Except for Vishal Domadia who resigned from the post of Whole time Director on October 22, 2021 due to preoccupation as Chief Financial Officer of the Company and Priyanka Choubey who has resigned from the post of Company Secretary of the Company due to personal reasons, we have not experienced any resignations among our KMPs in the past three financial years. 

The loss of the services of our key personnel or our inability to recruit or train a sufficient number of experienced personnel or our inability to manage the attrition levels in different employee categories may have an adverse effect on our financial results and business prospects. Further, if we cannot hire additional qualified personnel or retain them, our ability to expand our business may be impacted. As we intend to continue to expand our operations and develop new products, we will need to continue to attract and retain experienced management, R&D and sales personnel. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting suitable employees. 

**24.** **_We are dependent on third party transportation and logistics providers. Any disruptions in logistics and transportation or significant increase in freight charges could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our success depends on the timely supply and transport of the various raw materials required for our manufacturing facility and of our finished products from our manufacturing facility to our customers, depots and dealers, which are subject to various uncertainties and risks. Further, we have not entered into any agreements with transportion and logistics providers and hence we do not have negotiation powers for price or availability of services. Any shortage / 

43 

non availibilty of transport suppliers in our vicinity will led to delay delivery of our products. We use third party transportation providers for the supply of our raw materials and delivery of our products to domestic customers and depots. We are also dependent on such third party freight and transportation providers for the delivery of our products to customers outside India. Transportation strikes, if any, could have an adverse effect on supplies and deliveries to and from our dealers, customers and suppliers. In addition, raw materials and finished products may be lost or damaged in transit for various reasons including occurrence of accidents or natural disasters. Any unforeseen delays in transit time would result in failure to meet our shipment deadlines, which may result in an increase in supply chain costs, such as storage and warehousing. 

Any delay in delivery of raw materials and products could result in the customers and dealers refusing to accept our products, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

In addition, any compensation received from insurers or third-party transportation providers may be Insufficient to cover the cost of any delays and will not repair damage to our relationships with our affected dealers. We may also be affected by an increase in fuel costs, as it will have a corresponding impact on freight charges levied by our thirdparty transportation providers. Our freight and handling charges were ₹26.44 million, ₹42.06 million ₹ 54.96 million and ₹ 18.35 million, respectively, in Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022, and the four months ended July 31, 2022, respectively, and represented 1.33%, 1.39%, 1.39% and 0.83%, respectively, of our revenue from operations in such periods. This could require us to expend considerable resources in addressing our distribution requirements, including by way of absorbing these excess freight charges to maintain our selling price, which could adversely affect our results of operations, or passing these charges on to our customers, which could adversely affect demand for our products. 

Transportation strikes may have an adverse effect on supplies and deliveries to and from our customers and suppliers. In addition, raw materials and products may be lost or damaged in transit for various reasons including occurrence of accidents or natural disasters. Failures to maintain a continuous supply of raw materials or to deliver our products to our customers in an efficient and reliable manner could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any recompense received from insurers or third-party transportation providers may be insufficient to cover the cost of any delays and may damage our relationships with our affected customers. In case our transportation and logistics service providers are unable to perform their services, we cannot assure you that we will be able to deploy suitable alternative transportation services at favourable rates in a timely manner. Further, any increase in fuel costs could have a corresponding impact on freight charges which we may not be able to pass on to our customers. Any significant increase in our freight costs which we are unable to pass on to our customers may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**25.** **_Our failure to keep our technical knowledge confidential could erode our competitive advantage. Further, failure to maintain confidential information of our customers, any frauds, theft or embezzlement by our employees, suppliers, contractors or dealers could adversely affect our results of operations and, or, damage our reputation._** 

We possess extensive technical knowledge about our products. Our technical knowledge is a significant independent asset, which may not be adequately protected by intellectual property rights such as patent registration. As a result, we cannot be certain that our technical knowledge will remain confidential in the long-run. Certain technical knowledge may be leaked, either inadvertently or wilfully, at various stages of the manufacturing process. A significant number of our employees have acpcess to confidential processes, product and customer information and there can be no assurance that this information will remain confidential. Moreover, certain of our employees may leave us and join our various competitors. Although we seek to enforce non-disclosure clauses in our employee agreements/ appointment letters, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully enforce such agreements. 

Our operations may be subject to incidents of theft. We may also encounter some inventory loss on account of employee/ contractor/ dealer/ vendor fraud, theft, or embezzlement. Although we have set up various security measures in our manufacturing facilities such as deployment of security guards and operational processes such as periodic stock taking, there can be no assurance that we will not experience any fraud, theft, employee negligence, loss in transit or similar incidents in the future, which could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 

44 

In the event that the confidential technical information in respect of our products or business becomes available to third parties or to the public, any competitive advantage we may have over other companies could be harmed. If a competitor is able to reproduce or otherwise capitalize on our technology, it may be difficult, expensive or impossible for us to obtain necessary legal protection. Consequently, any leakage of confidential technical information could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects. 

# **26.** **_Our inability to expand or effectively manage our distribution network may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We have established an extensive distribution network that comprised over 4,362 dealers, as of September 30, 2022. Our ability to expand and grow our product reach significantly depends on the reach and effective management of our distribution network. We continuously seek to increase the penetration of our products by appointing new dealers targeted at different customer groups and geographies. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully identify or appoint new dealers or effectively manage our existing dealers network. If the terms offered to such dealers by our competitors are more favourable than those offered by us, dealers may decline to distribute our products and terminate their arrangements with us. We may be unable to appoint replacement dealers in a timely fashion, or at all, which may reduce our sales volumes and adversely affect our results of operations. 

Further, our competitors may have access to a wider base of farmers than us, or have exclusive arrangements with certain dealers who may be unable to stock and distribute our products, which may limit our ability to expand our distribution network. We typically do not have exclusive arrangements with our dealers and while we offer them certain incentive schemes to sell our products, we may not be able to effectively implement them across our distribution network. Similarly, our competitors may adopt innovative distribution models, which could be more effective than traditional distribution models resulting in a reduction in the sales of our products. 

We may also face disruptions in the delivery of our products for various reasons beyond our control, including poor handling by dealers of our products, transportation bottlenecks, natural disasters and labour issues, which could lead to delayed or lost deliveries. In addition, failure to provide dealers with sufficient inventories of our products may result in a reduction in the sales of our products. If our dealers fail to distribute our products in a timely manner, or adhere to the terms of the dealers agreement, or if our dealers agreements are terminated, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

**27.** **_Any change in Government policies towards the agriculture sector or a reduction in subsidies and incentives provided to farmers could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

We expect that state and central government policies will continue to affect the income available to farmers to purchase crop protection products. Consequently, any changes in Government policies relating to the agriculture sector such as the reduction of government expenditure towards agriculture, the withdrawal of or changes in incentives and subsidies provided to farmers, export restrictions on crops, adverse changes in commodity prices or minimum support prices could affect the ability of farmers to spend on crop protection products, which in turn could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

India, undertook state wide protests and demonstrations against the implementation of The Essential Commodities (Amendment) Act, 2020, The Farmers (Empowerment and Protection) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Act, 2020, and The Farmers’ Produce Trade and Commerce (Promotion and Facilitation) Act, 2020, which disrupted production in the agricultural sector, and consequently impacted our supplies. Subsequently, the Supreme Court of India has by way of its order dated January 12, 2020 stayed the implementation of these legislations. 

We cannot assure you that the implementation of these legislations or any other similar laws, regulations or policies, may not have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations in the future. 

**28.** **_The value of our brands may be diluted if there is a change in the brand name for a product it is known for with the farmers, quality concern, negative publicity which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

45 

Our brands are among our important assets, some of which have been established for many years. We believe our brands serve in attracting customers to our products over those of our competitors. Our products are marketed throughout India through our brands, many of which are well known to farmers. Our business is dependent on the trust of farmers that they have in the quality of our products as well as on our ability to protect our brand value. We believe that continuing to develop awareness of our brands, through focused and consistent branding and marketing initiatives, among brand customers and farmers, is important for our ability to increase our sales volumes and our revenues, grow our existing market share and expand into new markets. 

We also believe most of our brands, including our key branded formulations like Nliaayan, Padgham, Spandiko, Sajaag and Yommex command a strong brand recall in India due to our long presence in the Indian market. Decrease in product quality due to reasons beyond our control or allegations of product defects, even when false or unfounded, could tarnish the image of our brands and may cause farmers to choose other products. Our reputation and brands could also be affected by socially motivated groups, which could lead to a decline in our sales volume. In addition, the considerable expansion in the use of social media over recent years has compounded the impact of negative publicity. As a result, any adverse publicity involving our brands, our products or us may impair our reputation, dilute the impact of our branding and marketing initiatives and adversely affect our business and our prospects. 

**29.** **_Any reduction in the demand for our products could lead to underutilization of our manufacturing capacity. We may also face surplus production of a particular product due to various reasons including inaccurate forecasting of customer requirements, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

We face the risk that our customers might not place any order or might place orders of lesser than expected size or may even cancel existing orders or make change in their policies which may result in reduced quantities being manufactured by us. Cancellations, reductions or instructions to delay production (thereby delaying delivery of products manufactured by us) by customers could adversely affect our results of operations by reducing our sales volume leading to a reduced utilization of our existing manufacturing capacity. 

Further, we make significant decisions, including determining the levels of business that we will seek and accept, production schedules, personnel requirements and other resource requirements, based on our estimates of customer orders. The changes in demand for their products (which are in turn manufactured by us) could reduce our ability to estimate accurately future customer requirements, make it difficult to schedule production and lead to over production and utilization of our manufacturing capacity for a particular product. The requirements of our customers are not restricted to one type of product and therefore variations in demand for certain types of products also requires us to make certain changes in our manufacturing processes thereby affecting our production schedules. This may lead to over production of certain products and under production of some other products resulting in a complete mismatch of capacity and capacity utilization. Any such mismatch leading to over or under utilization of our manufacturing facilities could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

**30.** **_We are subject to risks associated with rejection of supplied products, and consequential claims and associated product liability costs due to defects in our products, which could generate adverse publicity or adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition._** 

Our business inherently exposes us to potential product liability claims, and the severity and timing of such claims are unpredictable. We face the risk of loss resulting from, and the adverse publicity associated with, product liability lawsuits, whether or not such claims are valid. While our products are extensively tested before being commercialized, there is no certainty of their long-term effects on soil or water supplies and any adverse effects caused by such products could adversely affect our business and reputation. We may also be subject to claims resulting from manufacturing defects or negligence in storage or handling, which may lead to the deterioration of our products, or from defects arising from deterioration in our quality controls. Product liability claims, regardless of their merits or the ultimate success of the defense against them, are expensive. Even unsuccessful product liability claims would likely require us to incur substantial amounts on litigation, divert our management’s time, adversely affect our goodwill and impair the marketability of our products. 

46 

A successful product liability claim that is excluded from coverage or exceeds our policy limits may require us to pay substantial sums and may adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. In addition, insurance coverage for product liability may become prohibitively expensive in the future. As a result, it is possible that, in the future, we may not be able to obtain the type and amount of coverage we desire at an acceptable price and selfinsurance may become the sole commercially reasonable means available for managing the product liability risks of our business. 

# **31.** **_Shortage or non-availability of essential utilities such as electricity and water could affect our manufacturing operations and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our business operations are heavily dependent on continuous and supply of electricity and water which are critical to our manufacturing operations. While our power requirements are met through local state power grid through interstate open access and the solar power panels installed in our manufacturing facility, we cannot assure you that these will be sufficient and, or, that we will not face a shortage of electricity despite these arrangements. Further, any shortage or non-availability of water or electricity could result in temporary shut-down of a part, or all, of our operations at the location experiencing such shortage. Such shut-downs could, particularly if they are for prolonged periods, have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **32.** **_Resistance from farmers to crop protection chemicals and the inappropriate application of our products from farmers may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Some crop protection chemical products, which may include some of our products, are facing increased resistance from certain activist groups because of concerns over their alleged effects on food safety and the environment. These groups attempt to influence and, in some cases, litigate against governmental regulatory bodies to restrict the use of crop protection chemical products in their jurisdictions. Further, there can be no assurance that such resistance would not continue to spread in the future and any future resistance could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, farmers are required to be educated with the latest information on crop management, such as the appropriate kind of pesticide, its dosage and quantity and the frequency of its application, in order to apply pesticides, including our products, appropriately and effectively. Although majority of our packaging contains information about the optimum dosage and usage method, lack of education and awareness among farmers may lead to an inappropriate application of our products, which could result in crop damage, and other serious consequences. 

There can be no assurance that incidents involving inappropriate use of our products will not occur in the future, or that farmers will be adequately educated on the safe use of our products. Any inappropriate application of our products could result in a potential consumer dispute and adversely affect our brand image, prospects, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **33.** **_Changes in technology may render our current technologies obsolete or require us to incur substantial capital expenditure._** 

Our industry rapidly changes due to technological advances and scientific discoveries. These changes result in the frequent introduction of new products and significant price competition. If our technologies become obsolete, and we are unable to effectively introduce new products or processes, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Although we strive to keep our technology, facility and machinery current with the latest international standards, the technologies, facilities and machinery we currently employ may become less competitive or even obsolete due to advancement in technology or changes in market demand, which may require us to incur substantial capital expenditure. The cost of implementing new technologies and upgrading our manufacturing facility could be significant. If our competitors introduce superior technology and we cannot make enhancements to ours to remain competitive, either because we do not have the resources to continually improve our technology by adequately investing in R&D or for any other reason, our competitive position, and in turn our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**34.** **_Any adverse revision to our credit rating by rating agencies may adversely affect our ability to raise additional financing, interest rates and other commercial terms at which such funding is available._** 

47 

Our Company’s bank loan facilities of amounting to ₹ 1,550.50 million are domestically rated by CRISIL Ratings Limited as CRISIL BBB-/ Positive (Outlook revised from ‘Stable’; rating reaffirmed) as on February 09, 2022. We may experience a downgrade in our credit ratings in future. Any downgrade in our credit ratings by rating agencies, international or domestic, may increase our costs of accessing funds and adversely affect our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such funding is available. This could have an adverse effect on our business and future financial performance, our ability to obtain financing for capital expenditures or other purposes and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

**35.** **_We cannot assure you that we will be able to secure adequate financing in the future on acceptable terms, in time, or at all. Our failure to obtain sufficient financing could result in delay or abandonment of our business plans and this may have an adverse effect on our growth and operations._** 

We may require additional funds in connection with future business expansion and development initiatives. In addition to the net proceeds of this offering and our internal accruals, we may need other sources of funding to meet these requirements, which may include entering into new debt facilities with lending institutions. If we decide to raise additional funds through the issuance of debt, our interest obligations will increase, and we may be subject to additional covenants. Such financing could cause our debt to equity ratio to increase or require us to create additional charges or liens on our assets in favour of lenders. We cannot assure you that we will be able to secure adequate financing in the future on acceptable terms, in time, or at all. Our failure to obtain sufficient financing could result in delay or abandonment of our business plans and this may have an adverse effect on our future growth and operations. 

**36.** **_Our management will have broad discretion in how we apply the Net Proceeds and there is no assurance that the Objects of the Offer will be achieved within the time frame expected, or at all, or that the deployment of Net Proceeds in the manner intended by us will result in any increase in the value of your investment._** 

We intend to use the Net Proceeds for the purposes described under the “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 98. The Objects of the Offer comprise (a) funding capital expenditure towards setting up of a manufacturing facility at Saykha, Bharuch, Gujarat, (b) funding incremental working capital requirements of our Company, (c) Repayment and/or prepayment, in full and/or part, of certain borrowings of our Company and (d) for general corporate purposes (the amount utilised for general corporate purposes shall not exceed 25% of the Gross Proceeds). Except funding capital expenditure towards setting up of a manufacturing facility at Saykha, Bharuch, Gujarat which is based on Techno Economic Viability Study report dated September 2021issued by Resurgent India Limited, our fund requirements and deployment of Net Proceeds are based on internal management estimates. Further our Objects of the Offer have not been appraised by any bank, financial institution or other independent agency. Our management will have broad discretion to revise our business plans, estimates and budgets from time to time. Consequently, our funding requirements and deployment of funds may change, which may result in rescheduling of the proposed utilization of Net Proceeds and increasing or decreasing expenditure for a particular activity, subject to compliance with applicable law and the investment policies approved by our management. Further, pursuant to Section 27 of the Companies Act, 2013, any variation in the Objects of the Offer would require a special resolution of the shareholders and the promoter or controlling shareholders will be required to provide an exit opportunity to the shareholders who not agree to such proposal to vary the Objects of the Offer, in accordance with applicable law. 

In case of increase in actual expenses or shortfall in requisite funds, additional funds for a particular activity will be met by any means available to us, including internal accruals and additional equity and/or debt arrangements. If actual utilization towards the Objects of the Offer is lower than the proposed deployment, such balance will be used for future growth opportunities, including funding other existing objects, if required. If estimated utilization of the Net Proceeds is not completely met in a fiscal year, it shall be carried forward. 

In addition, as the Offer includes an offer for sale of Equity Shares by the Selling Shareholders, the proceeds from the Offer for Sale will be remitted to the Selling Shareholders and our Company will not benefit from such proceeds. 

**37.** **_Our historical installed capacities and capacity utilization of our facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus need not be an indication of future production capacity and capacity utilization. Further, our existing capacities are under utlised._** 

48 

The historical installed capacities and capacity utilization of our facility included in this Red Herring Prospectus is based on various factors, including existing operational needs, availability of raw materials, potential plant utilization levels, downtime resulting from scheduled maintenance activities, demand of agrochemical formulations due seasonality or weather conditions, unscheduled breakdowns, as well as other factors affecting operational efficiencies. However, there can be no assurance that the entire capacity will be available to us at all times or that actual production levels and utilisation rates will bear resemblance or be in line with historical performance. Our future production levels may therefore vary significantly from the historical data. 

Our capacity utilisation in the five months period ended August 31, 2022 was 37.95%, and it was 34.87%, 66.47% and 65.62% for financial years ended March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020, respectively. _(Source: Certificate dated September 23, 2022 by Devang Shah, Chartered Engineer)._ 

Therefore, undue reliance should therefore not be placed on our installed capacity or historical capacity utilization information for our existing facility included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “ _Our Business_ ” on page 154. 

**38.** **_The success of our business strategy depends on our ability to enhance our own brands and product portfolio. If we fail to maintain and enhance our brand and reputation, consumers’ recognition of our brands, and trust in us, our business may be materially and adversely affected._** 

Our brand and reputation are among our most important assets and we believe our brands serve in attracting consumers to our products in preference over those of our competitors. Enhancing our own brands, including various schemes, advertisement and digital marketing is a key component of our business strategy. Consumers in existing or new markets may be unfamiliar with our brand and products and we may need to build or increase brand awareness in the relevant markets by increasing investments in advertising and promotional activities than we originally planned. We face, and will continue to face, competition with established brands in the new markets we intend to enter. We have incurred, and may continue to incur in the future, significant expenditures for advertising and marketing campaigns in an effort to build brand awareness and achieve preference over competing products. We may not be successful in our efforts to expand our brand presence and we cannot guarantee that our advertising and marketing campaigns will result in customer or consumer acceptance of our brands. Our success in marketing our products also depend on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing market environment. For four months period ended July 31, 2022, the Fiscals ended March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020, we have incurred a marketing expenditure (including schemes, brokerage and commissions) of ₹ 17.03 million, ₹ 35.03 million, ₹ 45.62 million and ₹ 32.13 million, respectively representing 0.77%, 0.88%, 1.50% and 1.61% of our total revenue. Further, product defects, consumer complaints, or negative publicity or media reports involving us, or any of our products could harm our brand and reputation and may dilute the impact of our branding and marketing initiatives and adversely affect our business and prospects. The impact of our marketing initiatives may not be as effective as we anticipate. If we do not successfully maintain, extend and expand our reputation and brand image, then our brands, product sales, financial condition, future cash flows and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

**39.** **_A portion of our revenues are denominated in foreign currencies. As a result, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange risks which may adversely impact our results of operations._** 

We have exposure to foreign exchange related risks since a portion of our revenue from operations are in foreign currencies. In the last three Fiscals we have had customers across various countries such as Bangladesh, Uganda and Indonesia. For the four months ended July 31, 2022, and during Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, our revenues from exports constituted to 3.71%, 9.85%, 11.90% and 14.90%, respectively, of our revenue from operations and foreign rate fluctuations constituted to ₹ (0.33) million, ₹ 11.02 million, ₹ 1.56 million and ₹ 5.70 million, respectively amounting to -0.01%, 0.28%, 0.05% and 0.29%, respectively of our revenue from operations. Further, our top 5 countries contributed approximately, 3.38%, 8.46%, 10.65% and 13.38%, respectively, of our revenues from operations. We may, suffer losses on account of foreign currency fluctuations in our exports, since we may be able to revise the prices, for foreign currency fluctuations, only on a periodic basis and may not be able to pass on all losses on account of foreign currency fluctuations to our consumers. 

49 

The exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and the USD and other foreign currencies has changed considerably in recent years and may fluctuate substantially in the future and the India Rupee has generally depreciated against the USD. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and other currencies could have an adverse impact on our financial condition. Any appreciation or depreciation of the Indian Rupee against these currencies can impact our results of operations. 

# **40.** **_Our inability to manage our inventory and foresee accurate demand for our products for a future period may adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operation and our financial performance._** 

The estimations on demands of our products are typically based on our projections, inventory levels at our distribution networks, our understanding of the anticipation of consumption and spending by our consumers. If we overestimate demand for our products, we may face difficulty in storage of such products due to lower shelf life and complications with respect to storage of agrochemical formulations. Further, if we are unable to provide our products to our consumers due to any disruptions of our manufacturing facility or shortage of raw materials, we may incur the risk of customers choosing products from our competitors over our products. While we closely monitor our inventory requirements for our product, we may be exposed to various risks including the aforementioned risks. All of these factors could adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operation and our financial performance. 

# **41.** **_Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or adequate to protect us against all material hazards, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our operations are subject to various risks including defects, malfunctions and failures of manufacturing equipment, fire, riots, strikes, explosions, loss-in-transit for our products, accidents and natural disasters. Our insurance may not be adequate to completely cover any or all of our risks and liabilities. While we believe that the insurance coverage which we maintain is in keeping with industry standards and would be reasonably adequate to cover the normal risks associated with the operation of our businesses, we cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. Below are the details of insurance coverage for the respective periods: 

|**Particulars**|**Four months**<br>**ended July 31,**<br>**2022**|**Fiscal 2022**|**Fiscal 2021**|**Fiscal 2020**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Property, plant and<br>equipment Inc. Land|937.79|533.70|502.00|310.20|
|%<br>of<br>insurance<br>coverage|135.98|91.30|124.77|128.55|
|Inventories|1,570.09|1,140.00|570.00|370.00|
|%<br>of<br>insurance<br>coverage|193.66|181.30|130.81|134.00|



We have not experienced any instances of uninsured losses for cash loss in transit or instances wherein the claims have exceeded the insurance coverage in respect of cash loss in transit for any of the four months ended July 31, 2022, Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 or Fiscal 2020. 

We apply for renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. Further, there is no assurance that the insurance premiums payable by us will be commercially viable or justifiable. 

For further information on our insurance arrangements, see “ _Our Business – Insurance_ ” on page 175. 

# **42.** **_We have certain contingent liabilities which, if materialized, may adversely affect our financial condition._** 

As at July 31, 2022, we had certain contingent liabilities, as set out in the table below. 

_<u>(₹ in million)</u>_ **<mark>As</mark>** **<u><mark>of July 31, 2022</mark></u>** 

**<mark>Particulars</mark>** 

50 

|Claims against the Companynon-acknowledged as debt for infringement ofpatent|20.20|
|---|---|
|OutstandingBank Guarantee|-|



If at any time we are compelled to pay all or a material proportion of these contingent liabilities, it would have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. For further details, see “ _Financial Information_ ” beginning on page 218. 

**43.** **_An inability to procure the desired quality, quantity of our raw materials in a timely manner and at reasonable costs, or at all, may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our ability to remain competitive, maintain costs and profitability depend, in part, on our ability to source and maintain a stable and sufficient supply of raw materials at acceptable prices. Our major raw materials include, _inter alia_ , mancozeb technical, chloropyriphos technical, lambda cyhalothrin tech, thiamethoxam tech. cypermethrin technical. For further information, see “ _Our Business –Raw Materials_ ” on page 172. The raw materials of our Company are bulk chemicals and accordingly, we depend on external suppliers for all these raw materials required for production and typically purchase raw materials on a purchase order basis and place such orders with them in advance on the basis of our anticipated requirements. As a result, the success of our business is significantly dependent on maintaining good relationships with our raw material suppliers. In Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022 and the four months ended July 31, 2022, the top 3 raw material suppliers (domestic) contributed ₹ 439.22 million, ₹ 688.28 million, ₹ 802.02 million and ₹ 557.93 million, respectively, aggregating to 28.04%, 28.62%, 25.01% and 28.55%, respectively, of the cost of material consumed in such periods. Absence of long-term supply contracts subject us to risks such as price volatility caused by various factors such as commodity market fluctuations, currency fluctuations, climatic and environmental conditions, production and transportation cost, changes in domestic as well as international government policies, and regulatory and trade sanctions. As a result, we continue to remain susceptible to the risks arising out of raw material price fluctuations, which could result in a decline in our operating margins. 

If we cannot fully offset increases in raw material prices with increases in the prices for our products, we will experience lower margins, which will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In the absence of such contracts we are also exposed to the risk of unavailability of certain raw materials in desired quantities and qualities, in a timely manner or at all. Further, we rely on historical trends and other indicators to purchase the required quantities of raw materials. We, therefore, run the risk of purchasing more raw materials than necessary, which could expose us to risks associated with prolonged storage of some of these materials, and materially affect our results of operations. 

**44.** **_We appoint contract labor for carrying out certain of our operations and we may be held responsible for paying the wages of such workers if the independent contractors through whom such workers are hired default on their obligations, and such obligations could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

In order to retain flexibility and control costs, in addition to our employees, we appoint independent contractors who in turn engage on-site contract labour for performance of certain of our operations in India. Although we do not engage these labourers directly, we may be held responsible for any wage payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractors. As of September 30, 2022, we had engaged third-party labourers in connection with our operations. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, under the Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970, as amended, we may be required to absorb a number of such contract labourers as permanent employees. Thus, an order from a regulatory body or court in this regard may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **45.** **_Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, future cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. The declaration and 

51 

payment of dividends will be recommended by the Board of Directors and approved by the Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable laws, including the Companies Act, 2013. We may retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of the business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. Accordingly, realization of gain on Shareholders’ investments will depend on the appreciation of the price of the Equity Shares. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will appreciate in value. 

# **46.** **_Certain Promoters, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel are interested in the Company’s performance in addition to their remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Certain of our Promoters, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel are interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses and such interests are to the extent of their shareholding in our Company as well as to the extent of any dividends, bonuses or other distributions on such Equity Shares, profit-based commission and their rights to nominate directors on our Board pursuant to such shareholding, amongst others. Further, our Promoters and Promoter Group will, after the Offer, continue to hold a significant stake in our Company. We cannot assure you that our Promoters, Directors and our Key Managerial Personnel will exercise their rights to the benefit and best interest of our Company. As shareholders of our Company, our Promoters or Directors or Key Managerial Personnel may take or block actions with respect to our business which may conflict with the best interests of the Company or that of minority shareholders. For further information on the interest of our Promoters and Directors of our Company, other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or normal remuneration or benefits, see “ _Our Management_ ”, “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group_ ” and “ _Financial Statements_ ” on pages 189, 209 and 218, respectively. 

# **47.** **_We will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. The Selling Shareholder will receive the entire proceeds from the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer includes a Fresh Issue and an Offer for Sale of Equity Shares by the Selling Shareholder. While our Company will receive the entire proceeds from the Fresh Issue, the entire proceeds from the Offer for Sale will only be paid to the Selling Shareholder and we will not receive any such proceeds. 

# **48.** **_We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with our Shareholders._** 

We have entered into various transactions with related parties. While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis and contain commercially reasonable terms, we cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. It is likely that we may enter into related party transactions in the future. There can be no assurance that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition or that we could not have achieved more favourable terms if such transactions had not been entered into with related parties. The percentage of the aggregate value of such related party transactions to our revenue from operations in Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022, and the four-month ended July 31, 2022, was 11.11%, 0.71%, 2.02% and 0.41%, respectively. 

We have availed unsecured loans from third parties including our Promoters and members of our Promoter Groups which may be recalled by the lenders at any time. As of September 30, 2022, such unsecured loans amounted to ₹ 81.84 million and our Company has paid interest of ₹ 9.59 million, ₹ 2.43 million, ₹ 4.81 million, and ₹ 2.11 million, to our Promoters and members of our Promoter Groups in Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022, and the four-month ended July 31, 2022 for such unsecured loans. 

For details on our related party transactions, see “ _Financial Statements – Restated Financial Statements – Note 36 – Disclosure of transactions with Related Parties, as required by Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS) - 24 Related Party Disclosures_ ” on page 258. 

52 

Details of related party transactions entered into by us during seven months period ended on July 31, 2022 and Fiscals 2022, 2021 and 2020, are as follows: 

|**Particulars**|**As at July**<br>**31, 2022**|**Fiscal**<br>**2022**|_(  _<br>**Fiscal**<br>**2021**|_₹ in million)_<br>**Fiscal**<br>**2020**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**a. Key Managerial Person**|||||
|**Remuneration Expenses:**|||||
|Rameshbhai Ravajibhai Talavia|1.20|3.15|2.44|2.04|
|Jamanbhai Hansarajbhai Talavia|1.08|2.92|2.42|2.04|
|Vishal Domadia|0.87|2.26|1.60|1.36|
|Jagdishbhai Ravjibhai Savaliya|0.68|1.89|1.58|1.36|
|Priyanka Choubey|-|0.20|0.27|0.22|
|Malvika Bhadreshbhai Kapasi|0.13|0.19|-|-|
|**Interest Expenses:**|||||
|Rameshbhai Ravajibhai Talavia|0.65|1.38|0.38|2.53|
|Jamanbhai Hansarajbhai Talavia|0.45|0.87|0.22|2.19|
|Vishal Domadia|0.18|0.58|0.73|2.03|
|Jagdishbhai Ravjibhai Savaliya|0.17|0.48|0.56|1.15|
|Manjulaben Rameshbhai Talavia|0.46|1.00|0.26|0.97|
|Muktaben Jamankumar Talavia|0.20|0.50|0.28|0.74|
|**Dividend Payments:**|||||
|Rameshbhai Ravajibhai Talavia|-|0.60|-|-|
|Jamanbhai Hansarajbhai Talavia|-|0.55|-|-|
|Vishal Domadia|-|0.09|-|-|
|Jagdishbhai Ravjibhai Savaliya|-|0.03|-|-|
|Manjulaben Rameshbhai Talavia|-|0.18|-|-|
|Muktaben Jamankumar Talavia|-|0.17|-|-|
|Domadia Artiben|-|0.01|-|-|
|Illaben Jagdishbhai Savaliya|-|0.002|-|-|
|Prafullaben Shantilal Savaliya|-|0.02|-|-|
|**Sitting Fees:**|||||
|Deepak Bachubhai Kanparia|0.01|0.03|0.01|-|
|Maheshkumar Balubhai Joshi|-|0.02|-|-|
|Bhaveshkumar Jayantibhai Ponkiya|0.01|0.01|-|-|
|Amisha Fenil Shah|0.01|0.01|-|-|
|**Loan Taken:**|||||
|Rameshbhai Ravajibhai Talavia|0.58|18.44|2.50|15.55|
|Jamanbhai Hansarajbhai Talavia|0.60|13.22|2.10|10.61|
|Vishal Domadia|-|0.80|-|-|
|Jagdishbhai Ravjibhai Savaliya|0.40|-|-|-|
|Manjulaben Rameshbhai Talavia|-|13.55|1.20|3.00|
|Muktaben Jamankumar Talavia|-|3.70|1.89|4.50|
|**Loan Repaid:**|||||
|Rameshbhai Ravajibhai Talavia|0.07|0.43|0.12|53.49|
|Jamanbhai Hansarajbhai Talavia|0.04|0.59|0.07|47.80|
|Vishal Domadia|0.02|2.18|0.55|24.22|
|Jagdishbhai Ravjibhai Savaliya|0.02|0.15|0.18|11.80|
|Manjulaben Rameshbhai Talavia|0.05|0.31|0.08|17.18|
|Muktaben Jamankumar Talavia|0.02|0.05|0.09|15.44|
|**Remuneration/ Reimbursement of expenses payable:**|||||
|Rameshbhai Ravajibhai Talavia|0.28|0.17|0.09|0.02|
|Jamanbhai Hansarajbhai Talavia|0.35|0.20|0.10|0.01|
|Vishal Domadia|0.30|0.17|0.07|0.01|



53 

|**Particulars**|**As at July**<br>**31, 2022**|**Fiscal**<br>**2022**|**Fiscal**<br>**2021**|**Fiscal**<br>**2020**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Jagdishbhai Ravjibhai Savaliya|0.18|0.13|0.07|0.01|
|Priyanka Choubey|-|-|0.02|-|
|Malvika Bhadreshbhai Kapasi|0.03|0.03|-|-|
|**Loan Outstanding:**|||||
|Rameshbhai Ravajibhai Talavia|25.45|24.28|4.90|2.14|
|Jamanbhai Hansarajbhai Talavia|17.33|16.32|2.81|0.56|
|Vishal Domadia|6.99|6.83|7.63|7.45|
|Jagdishbhai Ravjibhai Savaliya|6.79|6.23|5.90|5.52|
|Manjulaben Rameshbhai Talavia|17.73|17.32|3.08|1.70|
|Muktaben Jamankumar Talavia|7.56|7.38|3.23|1.15|
|**b.**<br>**Enterprise over which key management per**|**sonnel / their relatives h**|**ave significa**|**nt influences**||
|**Donation:**|||||
|DharmajFoundation|0.12|3.35|1.71|-|
|**c.**<br>**Entity having significant influence**|||||
|**Investment**|||||
|Khetipoint Private Limited|-|4.89|-|-|



**49.** **_Our business is working capital intensive. If we experience insufficient cash flows from our operations or are unable to borrow to meet our working capital requirements, it may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our business requires significant amount of working capital primarily as a considerable amount of time passes between purchase raw materials and sale of our finished products and the subsequent collection process viz. our customers. As a result, we are required to maintain sufficient stock at all times in order to meet manufacturing requirements, thus increasing our storage and working capital requirements. For example, the total working capital as on March 31, 2022 was ₹ 587.45 million, as on March 31, 2021, was ₹394.82 million and as on March 31, 2020, was ₹261.22 million. Consequently, there could be situations where the total funds available may not be sufficient to fulfil our commitments, and hence we may need to incur additional indebtedness in the future or utilize internal accruals to satisfy our working capital needs. Our future success depends on our ability to continue to secure and successfully manage sufficient amounts of working capital. Further, our ability to arrange financing and the costs of capital of such financing are dependent on numerous factors, including general economic and capital market conditions, credit availability from banks, investor confidence, the continued success of our operations and other laws that are conducive to our raising capital in this manner. 

As we pursue our growth plan, we may be required to raise additional funds by incurring further indebtedness or issuing additional equity to meet our capital expenditures in the future. If we experience insufficient cash flows or are unable to borrow funds on a timely basis, or, at all, to meet our working capital and other requirements, or to pay our debts, it could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Management of our working capital requirements involves the timely payment of, or rolling over of, our short-term indebtedness and securing new and additional loans on acceptable terms, or re-negotiation of our payment terms for, our trade payables, collection of trade receivables and preparing and following accurate and feasible budgets for our business operations. If we are unable to manage our working capital requirements, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. There can be no assurance that we will be able to effectively manage our working capital. Should we fail to effectively implement sufficient internal control procedures and management systems to manage our working capital and other sources of financing, we may have insufficient capital to maintain and grow our business, and we may breach the terms of our financing agreements with banks, face claims under crossdefault provisions and be unable to obtain new financing, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 

**50.** **_After the completion of the Offer, our Promoters along with the Promoter Group will continue to collectively hold substantial shareholding in our Company._** 

54 

After the completion of the Offer, our Promoters along with the Promoter Group will continue to collectively hold substantial shareholding in our Company. Our Promoters will continue to exercise significant influence over our business policies and affairs and all matters requiring shareholders’ approval, including the composition of our Board, the adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation, the approval of mergers, strategic acquisitions or joint ventures or the sales of substantially all of our assets, and the policies for dividends, lending, investments and capital expenditures. This concentration of ownership also may delay, defer or even prevent a change in control of our Company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of these shareholders. The interests of the Promoters as our controlling shareholder could conflict with our interests or the interests of its other shareholders. We cannot assure you that our Promoters will act to resolve any conflicts of interest in our favour and any such conflict may adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy or to operate our business 

**51.** **_Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus contain information from Company Commissioned CareEdge Report which has been exclusively commissioned and paid for by our Company and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in the Offer is subject to inherent risks._** 

Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus include information based on, or derived from, the Company Commissioned CareEdge Report or extracts of the Company Commissioned CareEdge Report prepared by CARE Advisory Research and Training Limited. We exclusively commissioned and paid for this report for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with the Offer. All such information in this Red Herring Prospectus indicates the Company Commissioned CareEdge Report as its source. Accordingly, any information in this Red Herring Prospectus derived from, or based on, the Company Commissioned CareEdge Report should be read taking into consideration the foregoing. 

Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. While industry sources take due care and caution while preparing their reports, they do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the data. Further, the Company Commissioned CareEdge Report is not a recommendation to invest / disinvest in any company covered in the Company Commissioned CareEdge Report. Accordingly, prospective investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on this information. In view of the foregoing, you may not be able to seek legal recourse for any losses resulting from undertaking any investment in the Offer pursuant to reliance on the information in this Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the Company Commissioned CareEdge Report. 

**52.** **_Certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance like EBITDA have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. These non-GAAP financial measures are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by Ind AS and may not be comparable._** 

Certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance like EBITDA, EBITDA margin, net debt etc., have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. These non-GAAP Measures are not a measurement of our financial performance or liquidity under Ind AS, Indian GAAP, or IFRS and should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to cash flows, profit/ (loss) for the year/ period or any other measure of financial performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity, profitability or cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities derived in accordance with Ind AS, Indian GAAP, or IFRS. These non-GAAP financial measures and other statistical and other information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to financial measures and statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other companies and are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by Ind AS and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. 

**53.** **_We are yet to receive certain registrations in connection with the protection of our intellectual property rights relating to our products. Such failure to protect our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our competitive position, business, financial condition and profitability._** 

55 

We are heavily dependent on our intellectual property. We have currently applied for certain registrations in connection with the protection of our intellectual property relating to the trademarks of our products and logo. Our inability to obtain these registrations may adversely affect our competitive business position. If any of our unregistered trademarks are registered in favor of a third party, we may not be able to claim registered ownership of those trademarks and consequently, we may be unable to seek remedies for infringement of those trademarks by third parties other than relief against “passing off” by other entities. In addition, in certain jurisdictions, marketing authorizations in relation to our products may be held by certain third parties with whom we have not directly entered into agreements to protect our rights in relation to such marketing authorizations. 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has certain pending trademark applications, details of which are disclosed in “ _Government and Other Approvals – Intellectual Property related approvals_ ” on page 314. The registration of any intellectual property rights is a time-consuming process, and there can be no assurance that any such registration will be granted. In the absence of such registration, competitors or other companies may challenge the validity or scope of our intellectual property. Unless our patent is registered, our ability to use our intellectual property rights may be restricted, which could materially and adversely affect our brand image, goodwill and business. Until such time that we receive registered patents, we can only seek relief against “passing off” by other entities. Accordingly, we may be required to invest significant resources in developing a new brand. Furthermore, the intellectual property protection obtained by us may be inadequate, we may be unable to detect any unauthorized use and we may need to undertake expensive and time-consuming litigation to protect our intellectual property rights and this may have an adverse effect on our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

While we intend to defend against any threats to our intellectual property, we cannot assure you that our trademarks, trade secrets or other agreements will adequately protect our intellectual property. We cannot assure you that trademark rights issued to or licensed by us in the past or in the future will not be challenged or circumvented by competitors or that such trademarks will be found to be valid or sufficiently broad to protect our processes or to provide us with any competitive advantage. Any inability to protect our proprietary information or other intellectual property, could adversely affect our business. 

**54.** **_All our operations are operated on industrial land allotted to us by Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation (“GIDC”) on a leasehold basis. Failure to comply with the conditions of use of such land could result in an adverse impact on our business and financial condition._** 

We carry out our business, research and operations on industrial land allotted to us by GIDC on a leasehold basis at Plot No. 408 to 411, Kerala GIDC Estate, Off NH-8, At: Kerala, Taluka Bavla, Ahmedabad – 382 220, Gujarat, India, in terms of which we are required to comply with certain ongoing conditions. Further, we have also acquired a parcel of land from GIDC at Plot no. DP/ 154, Saykha Industrial Estate/ Area, survey no(s). 80/1/P, 81/P, Saykha, Vagra, Bharuch, Gujarat, India on leasehold basis for our proposed manufacturing facility. If we fail to meet any such conditions, we may be required to incur liability. Further, according to the various statutory rules governing GIDC functioning, GIDC also retains the power to cancel allotment of land in the event of breach of any rules of allotment. Cancellation of the land allotted to us at Kerala GIDC Estate, Ahmedabad, Gujarat or at Saykha, Bharuch, Gujarat due to, among other things, non-compliance of the conditions of the offer-allotment letter could have an impact on our financial condition, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 

**55.** **_Any violation of the Metrology Act and the Metrology Rules by us may lead to fines and penalties, or seizure and forfeiture of our products which could adversely affect our business._** 

All of our packaged products are required to comply with the standards of weight, measurement and numbers prescribed under the Metrology Act and the Metrology Rules. For details, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 178. If we fail to comply with such standards, or fail to obtain a license from the respective controller as mandated under the Metrology Act, or fail to obtain the verification of weights and measures by the government approved test centers under the Metrology Act, fines and penalties may be imposed on us. For instance, we have currently not applied for the registration certificate issued under the Legal Metrology (Packaged Commodities) Rules, 2011, as amended. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain such registration in a timely manner or at all. For further information, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 313. In addition, there could be seizure and forfeiture of our products, which could adversely affect our operations. 

56 

**56.** **_Our Company has experienced negative cash flow from operating activities in prior periods and may continue to do so in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Our Company has experienced negative net cash flows from operating activities in the past, the details of which are provided below: 

|||||_(₹ in million)_|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Four**<br>**months**<br>**period ended July**<br>**31, 2022**|**Fiscal 2022**|**Fiscal 2021**|**Fiscal 2020**|
|Net cash from operatingactivities|(23.25)|164.11|128.83|20.45|
|Net cash from investment activities|(116.37)|(238.65)|(177.31)|(146.47)|
|Net cash from financingactivities|139.54|74.53|55.01|120.62|
|Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash<br>equivalent|(0.07)|(0.01)|6.54|(5.39)|



For details on the negative cash flows for the last three Fiscals and four months period ended on July 31, 2022, please refer to the chapter titled “ _Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations_ ” on page 277. We may incur negative cash flows in the future which may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

**57.** **_We have unsecured loans that may be recalled by the lenders at any time and we may not have adequate fund flows to make timely payments or at all._** 

We have availed unsecured loans which may be recalled by the lenders at any time. As of September 30, 2022, such loans amounted to ₹ 81.84 million. In the event that any lender seeks a repayment of any such loan, we would need to find alternative sources of financing, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. We may not have adequate working capital to undertake new projects or complete the ongoing projects. As a result, any such demand may materially and adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. For further details of unsecured loans, please see the section entitled “ _Financial Statements_ ” on page 218. 

**58.** **_Our Promoters have provided personal guarantees for financing facilities availed by our Company and may in the future provide additional guarantees and any failure or default by our Company to repay such facilities in accordance with the terms and conditions of the financing agreements could trigger repayment obligations._** 

We have obtained loans in the ordinary course of business for the purposes of working capital and other business requirements from our lenders. Our Promoters, Rameshbhai Ravajibhai Talavia, Jamankumar Hansarajbhai Talavia, Jagdishbhai Ravjibhai Savaliya and Vishal Domadia have provided personal guarantees to secure our existing borrowing and may post listing continue to provide such guarantees. For further details, please see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters- Guarantees given by Promoters offering its shares in the Offer for Sale_ ” on page 188. Our Promoters and Directors may continue to provide such guarantees and other security post listing. In case of a default under our loan agreements, any of the guarantees may be invoked, which could negatively impact the reputation and net worth of our Promoters and Directors. We may not be successful in procuring guarantees satisfactory to the lenders, and as a result may need to repay outstanding amounts under such facilities or seek additional sources of capital, which could affect our financial condition and cash flows. 

# **EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

**59.** **_Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, adverse application or interpretation of corporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by unfavorable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations applicable to us and our business. For further details of the laws currently applicable to us, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 178. New compliance requirements could increase our costs or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, 

57 

the manner in which new requirements will be enforced or interpreted can lead to uncertainty in our operations and could adversely affect our operations. Accordingly, our business, results of operations and prospects may be adversely impacted, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. 

Tax and other levies imposed by the central and state governments in India that affect our tax liability include central and state taxes and other levies, income tax, turnover tax, goods and services tax, stamp duty and other special taxes and surcharges which are introduced on a temporary or permanent basis from time to time. The final determination of our tax liabilities involves the interpretation of local tax laws and related regulations in each jurisdiction as well as the significant use of estimates and assumptions regarding the scope of future operations and results achieved and the timing and nature of income earned and expenditures incurred. Moreover, the central and state tax scheme in India is extensive and subject to change from time to time. 

Any change in Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. For instance, the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2019, a new tax legislation issued by India’s Ministry of Finance on September 20, 2019, prescribes a number of changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. According to this new legislation, companies can henceforth voluntarily opt for a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which reduces the rate of income tax payable to 22% subject to compliance with conditions prescribed, from the erstwhile 25% or 30% depending upon the total turnover or gross receipt in the relevant period. We have opted for the concessional tax regime and continue to be subject to other benefits and exemptions. Any such future amendments may affect our other benefits such as an exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemption for interest received in respect of tax free bonds, and long-term capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. 

There can be no assurance that governments in countries where we operate will not implement new regulations and policies requiring us to obtain approvals and licenses or other regulatory bodies, or impose onerous requirements and conditions on our operations. Any such changes and the related uncertainties with respect to the applicability, interpretation and implementation of any amendment or change to governing laws, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent in the jurisdictions in which we operate may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. It may also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. In addition, we may have to incur expenditures to comply with the requirements of any new regulations, which could materially harm our results of operations or cash flows. 

# **60.** **_Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia, United States, United Kingdom, Russia and elsewhere in the world in recent years has adversely affected the Indian economy. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby negatively affect the Indian economy. Financial disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on our principal markets. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. 

In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term effect of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. Any significant financial disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. These developments, or the 

58 

perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares.’ 

**61.** **_The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or outbreak of global pandemics, such as the COVID- 19 pandemic, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war in India or globally may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

# **62.** **_A slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer._** 

Our performance and the growth of our business are necessarily dependent on the health of the overall Indian economy. Any slowdown in the Indian economy or future volatility in global commodity prices could adversely affect our business. Additionally, an increase in trade deficit, a downgrading in India’s sovereign debt rating or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively affect interest rates and liquidity, which could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business. Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business, cash flows and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

India’s economy could be adversely affected by a general rise in interest rates, adverse weather conditions affecting agriculture, commodity and energy prices as well as various other factors. A slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect the policy of the GoI towards our industry, which may in turn adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to implement our business strategy. The Indian economy is also influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market conditions in Asia. A decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves may also affect liquidity and interest rates in the Indian economy, which could adversely impact our financial condition. A loss of investor confidence in other emerging market economies or any worldwide financial instability may adversely affect the Indian economy, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

Other factors which may adversely affect the Indian economy are scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing of our development and expansions; volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on India’s principal stock exchanges; changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies, like political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; occurrence of natural or man-made disasters; infectious disease outbreaks or other serious public health concerns; prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; and other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India. 

59 

**63.** **_Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as Indian GAAP, U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which investors may be more familiar with and may consider material to their assessment of our financial condition._** 

The Restated Financial Information have been prepared from the audited restated financial statements of our Company as at and for the four months period ended July 31, 2022 and as at and for the financial year ended March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020 which are prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (IndAS) specified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013, Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended from time to time and other accounting principles generally accepted in India (referred to as “Ind AS”). Ind AS differs in certain significant respects from Indian GAAP, IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. If our Restated Financial Information were to be prepared in accordance with such other accounting principles, our results of operations, cash flows and financial position may be substantially different. Prospective investors should review the accounting policies applied in the preparation of our financial statements, and consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between these accounting principles and those with which they may be more familiar. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

**64.** **_Adverse geopolitical conditions such as increased tensions between India and China, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Adverse geopolitical conditions such as increased tensions between India and China resulting in any military conflict in the region could adversely affect our business and operations. Such events may lead to countries imposing restrictions on the import or export of products. We could also be affected by the introduction of import tariffs in India, or in the countries to which we export our products, or changes in trade agreements between countries 

**65.** **_Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us, our Directors, the Book Running Lead Manager or any of their directors and executive officers in India respectively, except by way of a law suit in India._** 

We are incorporated under the laws of India and all of our Directors and key management personnel reside in India. All of our assets are also located in India. Where investors wish to enforce foreign judgments in India, they may face difficulties in enforcing such judgments. India exercises reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions. In order to be enforceable, a judgment obtained in a jurisdiction which India recognises as a reciprocating territory must meet certain requirements of the Civil Procedure Code, 1908 (the “ **CPC** ”). 

India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13, 14 and Section 44A of the CPC on a statutory basis. Section 44A of the CPC provides that where a certified copy of a decree of any superior court, within the meaning of that Section, obtained in any country or territory outside India which the government has by notification declared to be in a reciprocating territory, may be enforced in India by proceedings in execution as if the judgment had been rendered by a district court in India. However, Section 44A of the CPC is applicable only to monetary decrees and does not apply to decrees for amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalties and does not apply to arbitration awards (even if such awards are enforceable as a decree or judgment). 

Among other jurisdictions, the United Kingdom, United Arab Emirates, Singapore and Hong Kong have been declared by the government to be reciprocating territories for the purposes of Section 44A of the CPC. The United States has not been declared by the Government of India to be a reciprocating territory for the purposes of Section 44A of the CPC. A judgment of a court of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit upon the judgment under Section 13 of the CPC, and not by proceedings in execution. Section 13 of the CPC provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated upon except: (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction; (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case; (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable; 

60 

(iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice; (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud; and/ or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. The suit must be brought in India within three years from the date of judgment in the same manner as any other suit filed to enforce a civil liability in India. 

It cannot be assured that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it views the amount of damages awarded as excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. A party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval from the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered pursuant to the execution of such foreign judgment. 

# **66.** **_If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our products at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our clients thereby reducing our margins._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of transportation, wages, raw materials and other expenses relevant to our business. 

High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our clients, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or entirely offset any increases in costs with increases in prices for our products. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Further, the Government has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

# **67.** **_The outbreak of COVID-19, or outbreak of any other similar severe communicable disease could have a potential impact on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

The outbreak, or threatened outbreak, of any severe communicable disease (particularly COVID-19) could adversely affect the overall business sentiment and environment, particularly if such outbreak is inadequately controlled. The spread of any severe communicable disease may also adversely affect the operations of our consumers, distributors, retailers and suppliers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, future cash flows and results of operations. The outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in authorities implementing several measures such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines and lockdowns. These measures have impacted and may further impact our workforce and operations, the operations of our consumers, and those of our respective distributors, retailers, vendors and suppliers. While government-certified treatment and vaccines are available, there is currently medical uncertainty regarding COVID-19 and there is no assurance that the vaccination process shall be completed in India in a timely manner or that the vaccines shall be effective. Presently, certain countries have reinstated lockdown conditions due to a “third wave” of the COVID- 19 outbreak and the discovery of new strains of the coronavirus such as Delta and Omicron variant, and the Central Government and State Governments may reinstate complete lockdown conditions or impose additional restrictions. In case there is a rapid increase in severe cases of infections leading to deaths, where the measures taken by governments are not successful or are any bans imposed by the government in this regard are lifted prematurely, may cause significant economic disruption in India and in the rest of the world. The scope, duration and frequency of such measures and the adverse effects of COVID-19 remain uncertain and could be severe. Our ability to meet our ongoing disclosure obligations might be adversely affected, despite our best efforts. If any of our employees were suspected of contracting COVID-19 or any other epidemic disease, this could require us to quarantine some or all of these employees or disinfect the facilities. In addition, our revenue and profitability could be impacted to the extent that a natural disaster, health epidemic or other outbreak harms the Indian and global economy in general. The outbreak has significantly increased economic uncertainty. It is likely that the current outbreak or continued spread of COVID-19 will cause an economic slowdown and it is possible that it could cause a global recession. The spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices, and we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or steps on what we believe would be in the best interests of our employees, consumers and 

61 

suppliers. There is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the outbreak, and our ability to perform critical functions could be harmed. 

# **68.** **_We may be affected by competition laws, the adverse application or interpretation of which could adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, of India, as amended (“ **Competition Act”),** regulates practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India (“ **AAEC** ”). Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an AAEC is considered void and may result in the imposition of substantial penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or the provision of services or shares the market or source of production or provision of services in any manner, including by way of allocation of geographical area or number of consumers in the relevant market or directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an AAEC and is considered void. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. On March 4, 2011, the Government notified and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to and pre-approved by the Competition Commission of India (the “ **CCI** ”). 

Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued Competition Commission of India (Procedure for Transaction of Business Relating to Combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. The Competition Act aims to, among others, prohibit all agreements and transactions which may have an AAEC in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an AAEC in India. However, the impact of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements entered into by us cannot be predicted with certainty at this stage. However, since we pursue an acquisition driven growth strategy, we may be affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI or if any prohibition or substantial penalties are levied under the Competition Act, it would adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

# **RISK FACTORS RELATED TO OUR EQUITY SHARES** 

**69.** **_The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and we cannot be certain that an active trading market for the Equity Shares will develop or be sustained after this offering, and, following the offering, the price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate significantly, which could cause you to suffer substantial losses._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee that an active trading market will develop or be sustained after the offering. Nor can we predict the prices at which the Equity Shares may trade after the offering. The Offer Price of our Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. 

If purchase the Equity Shares in our initial public offering, you may not be able to resell them at or above the initial public offering price. We cannot assure you that the initial public offering price of the Equity Shares, or the market price following our initial public offering, will equal or exceed prices in privately negotiated transactions of our Equity Shares that may have occurred from time to time prior to our initial public offering. The market price of the Equity Shares may decline or fluctuate significantly due to a number of factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including: developments with respect to the spread or worsening of the COVID-19 pandemic; the impact of COVID19 on our business operations and our ability to be able to service clients, and the consequential impact on our operating results; actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; announcements about our earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations; the public’s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements and filings with the regulator; significant liability claims or complaints from our clients; changes in senior management or 

62 

key personnel; macroeconomic conditions in India; fluctuations of exchange rates; the operating and stock price performance of comparable companies; changes in our shareholder base; changes in our dividend policy; issuances, exchanges or sales, or expected issuances, exchanges or sales; changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; and changes in the regulatory and legal environment in which we operate; or market conditions in the construction and development industry and the domestic and worldwide economies as a whole, including in relation to the COVID-19 crisis. 

Any of these factors may result in large and sudden changes in the volume and trading price of the Equity Shares. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, shareholders have often instituted securities class action litigation against that company. If we were involved in a class action suit, it could divert the attention of management, and, if adversely determined, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **70.** **_Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to compliance with sectoral norms and certain other restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Further, unless specifically restricted, foreign investment is freely permitted in all sectors of the Indian economy up to any extent and without any prior regulatory approvals, but the foreign investor is required to follow certain prescribed procedures for making such investment. The RBI and the concerned ministries/departments are responsible for granting approval for foreign investment. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. 

In addition, pursuant to the Press Note 3 of 2020, dated April 17, 2020, issued by the DPIIT, which has been incorporated as the proviso to Rule 6(a) of the FEMA Rules, investments where the beneficial owner of the Equity Shares is situated in or is a citizen of a country which shares land border with India, can only be made through the Government approval route, as prescribed in the consolidated FDI policy circular of 2020 dated October 15, 2020, issued by DPIIT, and the FEMA Rules. Further, in the event of transfer of ownership of any existing or future foreign direct investment in an entity in India, directly or indirectly, resulting in the beneficial ownership falling within the aforesaid restriction/ purview, such subsequent change in the beneficial ownership will also require approval of the GoI. Furthermore, on April 22, 2020, the Ministry of Finance, GoI has also made similar amendment to the FEMA Rules. While the term “beneficial owner” is defined under the Prevention of Money-Laundering (Maintenance of Records) Rules, 2005 and the General Financial Rules, 2017, neither the foreign direct investment policy nor the FEMA Rules provide a definition of the term “beneficial owner”. The interpretation of “beneficial owner” and enforcement of this regulatory change involves certain uncertainties, which may have an adverse effect on our ability to raise foreign capital. Further, there is uncertainty regarding the timeline within which the said approval from the GoI may be obtained, if at all. 

We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained with or without any particular terms or conditions or at all. For further information, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 359. 

**71.** **_Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked instruments by us may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by the Promoter may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering of Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares including through exercise of employee stock options, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us or sales of our Equity Shares by the Promoter may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through 

63 

offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that we will not issue Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares or that our Shareholders will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

# **72.** **_The requirements of being a publicly listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a publicly listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the Listing Regulations which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. Further, as a publicly listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

**73.** **_Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company incorporated in India must offer its equity shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting on such resolution. 

However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for your benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of any such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of our Equity Shares, your proportional interests in our Company may be reduced. 

**74.** **_The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and the Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer. Further, the current market price of some securities listed pursuant to certain previous issues managed by the Book Running Lead Manager is below their respective issue prices._** 

The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions, and will be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholders in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager. Furthermore, the Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholders in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager through the Book Building Process. These will be based on numerous factors, including factors as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” beginning on page 118 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. 

In addition to the above, the current market price of securities listed pursuant to certain previous initial public offerings managed by the Book Running Lead Manager is below their respective issue price. For further details, see “ _Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures—Price information of past issues handled by the BRLMs_ ” beginning on page 324. The factors that could affect the market price of the Equity Shares include, among others, broad market trends, financial performance and results of our Company post-listing, and other factors beyond our control. We cannot assure 

64 

you that an active market will develop or sustained trading will take place in the Equity Shares or provide any assurance regarding the price at which the Equity Shares will be traded after listing. 

# **75.** **_Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Offer._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited with the Equity Shares within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately six Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise any delay in commencing trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. 

# **76.** **_QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/Issue Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Issue Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Issue within six Working Days from the Bid/Issue Closing Date, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Issue or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

# **77.** **_Rights of shareholders of companies under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Our Articles of Association, composition of our Board, Indian laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive and widespread as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as shareholders of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

# **78.** **_Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. The Income Tax Act levies taxes on such long-term capital gains exceeding ₹ 100,000 arising from sale of equity shares on or after April 1, 2018, while continuing to exempt the unrealized capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on such equity shares subject to specific conditions. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long-term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of a securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. Any gain realized on the sale of Equity Shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold other than on a recognized stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, will be subject to long term capital gains tax in India. 

65 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

Further, the Government of India has announced the union budget for the Fiscal 2022, pursuant to which the Finance Bill, 2021 (“Finance Bill”) has introduced various amendments. The Finance Bill has received assent from the President of India on March 28, 2021, and has been enacted as the Finance Act, 2021 (“Finance Act”). We have not fully determined the impact of these recent and proposed laws and regulations on our business. We cannot predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Act could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and prospects. Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. 

66 

