# **SECTION II-RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, the industry and segment(s) in which we operate or to India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known to us or are currently deemed immaterial, actually occur, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could suffer, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. To obtain a complete understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Industry Overview”, “Business”, “Restated Financial Statements” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” beginning on pages 107, 149, 204 and 267, respectively, as well as the financial, statistical and other information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and our business in terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in our Equity Shares._ 

_Our fiscal year ends on March 31 of each year, and references to a particular fiscal year are to the twelve months ended March 31 of that year._ 

_We have, in this Red Herring Prospectus, included various operational and financial performance indicators, some of which may not be derived from our Restated Financial Statements and may not have been subjected to an audit or review by our Statutory Auditor. The manner in which such operational and financial performance indicators are calculated and presented, and the assumptions and estimates used in such calculation, may vary from that used by other companies in India and other jurisdictions. Investors are accordingly cautioned against placing undue reliance on such information in making an investment decision and should consult their own advisors and evaluate such information in the context of the Restated Financial Statements and other information relating to our business and operations included in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information for the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021, and Fiscal 2020, included herein is derived from the Restated Financial Statements, included in this Red Herring Prospectus. Unless the context otherwise requires, in this section, references to “the Company” or “our Company”, “we”, “us”, or “our” refers to Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 17._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this Red Herring Prospectus has been obtained or derived from the CRISL Report. The CRISIL Report has been commissioned by us exclusively in connection with the Offer for a fee. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the CRISIL Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year. Also see, “Certain Conventions, Currency of Presentation, Use Of Financial Information And Market Data” on page 14._ 

_Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

# **Internal Risks** 

# **_Risks Related to the Business_** 

# **_1. Our business largely depends upon our top five customers, and the loss of such customers or a significant reduction in purchases by such customers will have a material adverse impact on our business._** 

We are a business to business (B2B) manufacturing company with an asymmetric dependence on a few customers. We derive a significant portion of our revenue from our top five customers, namely, Mahindra & Mahindra, Tata Motors, Toyota Kirloskar Auto Parts, BorgWarner and a Russian automobile manufacturer. Further, we are highly dependent on the revenue generated from Customer 1. We derived a significant portion of our revenue from operations, i.e., ₹ 988.45 million or 73.92% for the six months period ended September 30, 2022, from Customer 1. 

The table below sets forth the breakdown of our income from sale of goods across our top five customers, as a percentage of revenue from operations. The details of our top five customers in the table below is based on information for the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020: 

26 

|**Customer**|**Six mont**<br>**Septembe**<br>|**hs ended**<br>**r 30, 2022**<br>|**Fiscal**<br>|**2022**<br>|**Fiscal**<br>|**2021**<br>|**Fiscal**<br>|**2020**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Revenue**<br>**generated**<br>**_(in ₹_**<br>**_million)_**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Revenue**<br>**generated**<br>**_(in ₹_**<br>**_million)_**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Revenue**<br>**generated**<br>**_(in ₹_**<br>**_million)_**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Revenue**<br>**generated**<br>**_(in ₹_**<br>**_million)_**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|
|Customer 1|988.45|73.92|1,255.55|53.71|665.44|35.67|417.09|<br>26.22|
|Customer 2|66.07|4.94|165.39|7.08|85.73|4.59|66.31|<br>4.17|
|Customer 3|74.46|5.57|121.19|5.18|82.00|4.40|109.25|<br>6.87|
|Customer 4|110.07|8.23|328.24|14.04|616.16|33.02|575.04|<br>36.15|
|Customer 5<sup>*</sup>|Nil|Nil|263.49|11.27|283.27|15.18|215.16|<br>13.53|
|**Total**|**1,239.05**|**92.66**|**2,133.86**|**91.28**|**1,732.60**|**92.86**|**1,382.85**|<br>**86.94**|



_* The agreement entered into by the Company with Customer 5 (Russian automobile manufacturer) has expired on June 30, 2022_ 

Loss of all or a substantial portion of sales to any of our top five customers, for any reason (including, due to loss of contracts or failure to negotiate acceptable terms in contract renewals, loss of market share of these customers, lack of commercial success of a product whose key parts we manufacture, disputes with customers, adverse change in the financial condition of such customers, including due to possible bankruptcy or liquidation or other financial hardship, merger or decline in their sales, reduced or delayed customer requirements, facility shutdowns, labour strikes, geopolitical reasons or other work stoppages affecting production by such customers) and/or, continued reduction of prices for the aforementioned customers which is not off-set by an increase in volumes, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The aforementioned customers may demand price reductions, change their outsourcing strategy by moving more work in house, cease purchasing our products, or replace their existing systems and components with alternative systems and components which we do not supply. Further, one of our top five customers is a Russian automobile manufacturer. Given the recent Russian invasion of Ukraine and the consequent sanctions imposed on Russia, we may be unable to sell our products to Russian customers in the future. <mark>Consequently, for the six months period ended September 30, 2022, we did not generate any revenue from operation from the Russian automobile manufacturer. Further, our agreement with the Russian automobile manufacturer has expired on June 30, 2022 and as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have discontinued all business with the Russian automobile manufacturer</mark> . There can be no assurance that we will not lose all or a portion of sales to these customers, or that we will be able renew our agreements with any or all of these customers, or will be able to offset any reduction of prices to these customers with reductions in our costs or by obtaining new customers. We are also exposed to the risk of failure by our customers to successfully launch new product variants in a timely and cost-efficient manner which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_2. The geographical concentration of our exports to certain countries and the inability to operate and grow our business in such countries may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and future business prospects._** 

Our overseas sales are primarily dependent on two countries, China and Russia, which exposes us to risks of concentration. The revenue from exports to China and Russia, as a percentage of the overall revenue from exports and revenue from operations for the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 is follows: 

|**Six**<br>**Septe**<br>|**months en**<br>**mber 30,**<br>|**ded**<br>**2022**<br>|**F**<br>|**iscal 202**<br>|**2**<br>|**F**<br>|**iscal 202**<br> <br>|**1**<br>|**F**<br>|**iscal 202**<br>|**0**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**export**<br>**to China**<br>**and**<br>**Russia**<br>**_(in ₹_**<br>**_million)_**|**As a**<br>**percenta**<br>**ge of the**<br>**overall**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**export**|**As a**<br>**percenta**<br>**ge of the**<br>**overall**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operatio**<br>**ns**|**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**export**<br>**to China**<br>**and**<br>**Russia**<br>**_(in ₹_**<br>**_million)_**|**As a**<br>**percenta**<br>**ge of the**<br>**overall**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**export**|**As a**<br>**percenta**<br>**ge of the**<br>**overall**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operatio**<br>**ns**|<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**export**<br>**to China**<br>**and**<br>**Russia**<br>**_(in ₹_**<br>**_million)_**|<br> <br>**As a**<br>**percenta**<br>**ge of the**<br>**overall**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**export**|<br>**As a**<br>**percenta**<br>**ge of the**<br>**overall**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operatio**<br>**ns**|**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**export**<br>**to China**<br>**and**<br>**Russia**<br>**_(in ₹_**<br>**_million)_**|<br>**As a**<br>**percenta**<br>**ge of the**<br>**overall**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**export**|<br>**As a**<br>**percenta**<br>**ge of the**<br>**overall**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operatio**<br>**ns**|
|59.58|54.13%|4.46%|457.94|77.36%|19.59%|578.63|64.33%|31.01%|412.56|52.05%|25.94%|



Loss of all or a substantial portion of sales to any of our customers from these two countries, for any reason (including, due to any materially adverse social, political or economic development, civil disruptions, or changes in the policies of the state government or state or local governments in these countries, occurrence of COVID-19 infection and strict curbs), could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and future business prospects. 

Further, we serve a broad range of customers both in the Indian and overseas markets. The table below sets forth the breakdown of our income from sale of goods across geographic markets, as a percentage of our total sale of goods for the periods indicated. 

27 

|**Geographical**<br>**Location**|**Six months ended**<br>**September 30, 2022**|**Fiscal 2022**|**Fiscal 2021**|**Fiscal 2020**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|India|91.61%|73.70%|49.87%|48.12%|
|USA|3.82%|2.71%|10.66%|14.30%|
|China|4.54%|8.64%|16.46%|12.96%|
|Korea|-|3.24%|7.22%|10.49%|
|Russia|-|11.71%|15.79%|14.13%|
|Sweden|0.03%|-|-|-|
|**Total**|**100.00%**|**100.00%**|**100.00%**|**100.00%**|



The reduction in exports from USA and Korea in Fiscal 2022 was due to the end of the program with BorgWarner, USA, certain programs in South Korea and the increase in domestic business due to the launch of Mahindra Thar. Further, given the recent Russian invasion of Ukraine and the consequent sanctions imposed on Russia, there has been a reduction in imports from Russia, as a result, we may be unable to sell our products to these Russian customers in the future. There can be no assurance that we will be able to offset the loss of our Russian customers, which may adversely affect our business. 

# **_3. Our business could be adversely affected by volatility in the price or availability of raw materials and components._** 

Our Company uses a variety of raw materials and commodities (including aluminium, copper, nickel, plastic resins, steel, other raw materials and energy) and materials purchased in various forms such as peeled alloy steel bars, aluminium castings, steel forgings, magnets, steel and brass stampings, and plastic components in the production of our components. Semiconductor chips and allied components are not a major raw material used in our business operations. The details of cost of raw material and components consumed as a percentage of the revenue from operations for the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 is as follows: 

|**Six mont**<br>**September**|**hs ended**<br>**30, 2022**|**Fiscal**|**2022**|**Fiscal**|**2021**|**Fiscal**|**2020**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Cost of raw**<br>**material and**<br>**components**<br>**consumed**<br>**_(in ₹ million)_**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Cost of raw**<br>**material and**<br>**components**<br>**consumed**<br>**_(in ₹ million)_**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Cost of raw**<br>**material and**<br>**components**<br>**consumed**<br>**_(in ₹ million)_**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Cost of raw**<br>**material and**<br>**components**<br>**consumed**<br>**_(in ₹ million)_**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|
|546.71|40.89%|935.61|40.02%|689.04|36.93%|560.49|35.24%|



Further, the details of raw materials imported as a percentage of the total raw materials purchased for the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 is as follows: 

|**Country**|<br>**Six mont**<br>**September**|**hs ended**<br>**30, 2022**|**Fiscal**|**2022**|**Fisca**|**l 2021**|**Fiscal**|**2020**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Cost of raw**<br>**materials**<br>**imported (in**<br>**₹ million)**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of total raw**<br>**materials**<br>**purchased**|**Cost of raw**<br>**materials**<br>**imported (in**<br>**₹ million)**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of total raw**<br>**materials**<br>**purchased**|**Cost of**<br>**raw**<br>**materials**<br>**imported**<br>**(in ₹**<br>**million)**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of total raw**<br>**materials**<br>**purchased**|<br>**Cost of raw**<br>**materials**<br>**imported (in**<br>**₹ million)**|<br>**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of total raw**<br>**materials**<br>**purchased**|
|South<br>Korea|56.01|9.80%|93.22|9.60%|58.68|8.00%|47.12|8.00%|
|USA|55.59|9.80%|71.68|7.40%|39.80|5.50%|38.76|6.50%|
|China|25.10|4.40%|75.64|7.80%|54.22|7.40%|26.81|4.50%|
|Others|13.69|2.40%|15.79|1.60%|12.07|1.70%|12.26|2.10%|
|**Total **|**150.39**|**26.40%**|**256.33**|**26.40%**|**164.77**|**22.60%**|**124.95**|**21.10%**|



There is no certainty that we may not experience volatility in the cost or availability of such raw materials and commodities or in the cost or availability of utilities and natural resources used in our operations, such as power, water and fuel as well as increasing transportation costs in the future. We are also exposed to exchange rate fluctuations in connection with such raw materials and commodities. Due to the cost escalation clauses in our customer contracts, we have historically passed on the increase in costs of the raw materials i.e. steel and aluminium, on to our customers. However, our cash flows may still be adversely affected because of any gap in time between the date of procurement of those primary raw materials and date on which we can reset the component prices for our customers, to account for the increase in the prices of such raw materials. Further, some customers may challenge such increased costs. In the past, there have been delays in payments by our customers where our Company has had to bear such increased cost beyond the contractually stipulated reset period. There is no assurance that such events will not occur in the future and may impact our financial condition and results of operations. The discontinuation or lessening of our ability to pass through our raw material costs or otherwise mitigate these costs increases or obtain adequate supply of raw materials and components could adversely affect our business. From 

28 

time to time, commodity prices may also fall rapidly. If this happens, suppliers may withdraw capacity from the market until prices improve which may cause periodic supply interruptions. If these supply interruptions occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

**_4. We depend on some third party suppliers for certain key components and raw materials used for manufacturing our systems and components. A disruption in the supply of these key components and raw materials and failure of our suppliers and third- party logistics service providers to meet their obligations and could impact our on time supplies and input cost, if resourced from other suppliers._** 

We are dependent on some global suppliers for key components such as bearings, oil seals, carbon friction lining, ECU, friction discs and shift motor, etc. which are used for manufacturing systems and components in relation to our business. We are required to select suppliers for our customers, except those who specify the source of raw material, by taking into consideration their production capacities and financial condition and expect that they will deliver in accordance with our quality standards and comply with their contractual obligations with us. However, there can be no assurance that capacity limitations, industry shortages, labour or social unrest, weather emergencies, commercial disputes, government actions, riots, wars, pandemic, sabotage, cyberattacks, non-conforming parts, acts of terrorism, “Acts of God”, financial or operational instability of suppliers, or other problems that our suppliers experience will not result in occasional shortages or delays in their supply of raw materials to us. 

We were dependent primarily on suppliers in China for our raw material procurements, details of such contribution for the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, as a percentage of total raw material purchased is given below: 

|**Six mont**<br>**Septembe**|**hs ended**<br>**r 30, 2022**|**Fiscal**|**2022**|**Fiscal**|**2021**|**Fisca**|**l 2020**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**No. of**<br>**suppliers in**<br>**China**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of total raw**<br>**materials**<br>**purchased**|**No. of**<br>**suppliers in**<br>**China**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of total raw**<br>**materials**<br>**purchased**|**No. of**<br>**suppliers in**<br>**China**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of total raw**<br>**material**|**Contributio**<br>**n by our top**<br>**five raw**<br>**material**<br>**suppliers**<br>**(****_in ₹ million_) **|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of total raw**<br>**materials**<br>**purchased**|
|11|4.40%|12|7.80%|8|7.40%|8|4.50%|



If the available supply of such key component is insufficient to meet the needs of our manufacturing business or if there is an interruption in supply from our Chinese suppliers, including due to any unanticipated outage, shutdown and/or suspension of production at their facilities, change in political relationship between India and China or implementation of laws and policies impacting our relationship with our Chinese suppliers, our ability to continue our manufacturing processes could be adversely impacted which will have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company does not have any long term agreements with such suppliers and there has been no material adverse impact on our business and our result of operations. We purchase most of the raw materials used in our manufacturing process from a limited number of third-party suppliers. Details of the contribution by our top five raw material suppliers for the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 as a percentage of our total raw material during such period is given below: 

|**Six mont**<br>**Septembe**|**hs ended**<br>**r 30, 2022**|**Fiscal**|**2022**|**Fiscal**|**2021**|**Fiscal**|**2020**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Contributio**<br>**n by our top**<br>**five raw**<br>**material**<br>**suppliers**<br>**(****_in ₹ million_) **|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of total raw**<br>**material**|**Contributio**<br>**n by our top**<br>**five raw**<br>**material**<br>**suppliers**<br>**(****_in ₹ million_) **|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of total raw**<br>**material**|**Contributio**<br>**n by our top**<br>**five raw**<br>**material**<br>**suppliers**<br>**(****_in ₹ million_) **|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of total raw**<br>**material**|**Contributio**<br>**n by our top**<br>**five raw**<br>**material**<br>**suppliers**<br>**(****_in ₹ million_) **|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of total raw**<br>**material**|
|243.01|42.70%|384.82|39.67%|287.57|39.45%|290.55|49.07%|



While we do not enter into long term agreements with our suppliers, there is no assurance that if we experience a disruption of supplies, we will be able to source such commodities from alternative suppliers on similar commercial terms and within a reasonable timeframe. If we were to experience a significant or prolonged shortage of raw materials from any of our suppliers and could not procure the raw materials from alternative suppliers on similar commercial terms and within a reasonable timeframe, we would be unable to meet the production schedules for some of our products and could miss customer delivery expectations and future business from these customers. 

Our Company procures raw materials which are brought to our manufacturing facilities through third party logistics providers including shipping companies and overland transport companies. Similarly, our finished products are transported from our manufacturing facilities to distribution points including ports (and onwards by ship), by transportation vehicles which are not owned or controlled by us. The logistics service providers are, therefore, integral to our business operations. 

29 

We have over the years engaged the services of logistics service providers for our business operations. We do not, however, have any contractual arrangements with such third-party logistics service providers. While there have been no instances of failure of services of third party suppliers and third party logistics service providers which had a material adverse effect on our business operations in the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, we cannot assure you that they will continue to be available to us as required. If such third-party logistics service providers discontinue their services for a reasonable length of time and, if we are unable to obtain the services of other service providers, our business operations could be adversely impacted, at times, significantly. Any such acts could result in serious liability claims (for which we may not be adequately insured) which may, in addition to resulting in pecuniary liability also entail personal liability, which could significantly adversely impact our business operations and financial condition. 

# **_5. Delays or defaults in customer payments and receivables may adversely impact our profits and affect our cash flows._** 

Our operations involve extending credit for pre-agreed periods of time, for up to days, to our customers, and consequently, we face the risk of uncertainty regarding the receipt of these outstanding amounts. There is no assurance that we will accurately assess the creditworthiness of our customers. As of the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020, our outstanding trade receivables, as a percentage of our revenue from operations and the trade receivables turnover ratio was as follows: 

|**Six month**<br>|**s ended Sept**<br>**2022**<br>|**ember 30,**<br>|**As o**<br>|**f March 31,**<br>|**2022**<br>|**As o**<br>|**f March 31, 2**<br>|**021**<br>|**As o**<br>|**f March 31,**<br>|**2020**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Trade**<br>**receivables**<br>**_(in ₹_**<br>**_million)_**|<br>**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**<br>|**Trade**<br>**receivables**<br>**turnover**<br>**ratio**<sup>*****</sup><br>|**Trade**<br>**receivables**<br>**_(in ₹_**<br>**_million)_**|<br>**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Trade**<br>**receivables**<br>**turnover**<br>**ratio**<sup>*****</sup>|<br>**Trade**<br>**receivables**<br>**_(in ₹_**<br>**_million)_**|<br>**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**<br>|**Trade**<br>**receivables**<br>**turnover**<br>**ratio**<sup>*****</sup>|**Trade**<br>**receivables**<br>**_(in ₹_**<br>**_million)_**|<br>**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|<br>**Trade**<br>**receivables**<br>**turnover**<br>**ratio**<sup>*****</sup>|
|687.84|51.44%|2.20|526.25|22.51%|4.35|547.87|29.36%|4.77|234.06|14.71%|5.18|



***** _Trade Receivables turnover ratio: Revenue from operations over average Trade Receivable_ 

The trade receivables due for more than six months, for the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020, with our average write-off being ₹ Nil per annum, is as follows: 

|**Six months ended**<br>**September 30, 2022**|**March 31, 2022**|**March 31, 2021**|**March 31, 2020**|
|---|---|---|---|
|**Trade receivables****_(in ₹_**<br>**_million)_**|**Trade receivables****_(in ₹_**<br>**_million)_**|**Trade receivables****_(in ₹_**<br>**_million)_**|**Trade receivables****_(in ₹_**<br>**_million)_**|
|5.11|5.11|10.96|13.01|



The trade receivables and trade receivables turnover ratio, for our top five customers, for the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 is as follows: 

|**Customer**<br>**(Net of**<br>|**Six mont**<br>**Septembe**<br>|**hs ended**<br>**r 30, 2022**<br>|**Fiscal**<br>|**2022**<br>|**Fiscal**<br>|**2021**<br>|**Fiscal**<br>|**2020**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**advance)**|**Trade**<br>**receivables**<br>**(in ₹**<br>**million)**|**Trade**<br>**receivables**<br>**turnover**<br>**ratio**<sup>**^**</sup>|**Trade**<br>**receivables**<br>**(in ₹**<br>**million)**|**Trade**<br>**receivables**<br>**turnover**<br>**ratio**<sup>**^**</sup>|**Trade**<br>**receivables**<br>**(in ₹**<br>**million)**|**Trade**<br>**receivables**<br>**turnover**<br>**ratio**<sup>**^**</sup>|**Trade**<br>**receivables**<br>**(in ₹**<br>**million)**|**Trade**<br>**receivables**<br>**turnover**<br>**ratio**<sup>**^**</sup>|
|Customer 1|619.42|1.80|413.76|3.36|333.50|3.17|86.06|2.87|
|Customer 2|19.79|3.19|21.68|10.82|8.89|15.45|2.21|15.20|
|Customer 3|26.49|3.16|20.70|6.38|17.26|5.40|13.12|7.17|
|Customer 4|19.80|3.05|52.31|2.99|167.42|4.47|108.00|4.58|
|Customer 5<sup>*</sup>|-|-|12.53|28.51|5.96|95.05|-|-|



**_^_** _Trade Receivables turnover ratio: Revenue from operations over average Trade Receivable._ 

_* The agreement entered into by the Company with Customer 5 (Russian automobile manufacturer) has expired on June 30, 2022._ 

If such customers delay or default in making payments in the future, our profit margins and cash flows may be adversely affected. 

# **_6. We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which may adversely affect our results of operations and cause our quarterly results to fluctuate significantly._** 

We face foreign exchange rate risk to the extent that a part of our revenue, expenses, assets or liabilities are denominated in a currency other than the Indian Rupee. We report our results of operations in Indian Rupees. A portion of our equipment purchases, a portion of our travelling, shipping costs, commission and spares purchases, a portion of our material costs and third-party warehouse expenses are denominated in foreign currencies, while a significant portion of our revenue is also denominated in foreign currencies. For the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 our revenue from operations were denominated in foreign currencies, as per our Restated Financial Statements, and as given below: 

30 

||||_(in ₹ million)_|
|---|---|---|---|
|**Six months ended**|**Fiscal 2022**|**Fiscal 2021**|**Fiscal 2020**|
|**September 30, 2022**||||
|110.07|591.94|899.43|792.57|



Based on our geographical presence and business operations worldwide, we primarily deal in USD, Euro, CHF and GBP. Our foreign currency exposures, exchange rate fluctuations between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies, especially the USD, Euro, CHF and GBP, may have a material impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

We may suffer losses on account of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on the sale of our products to our international customers. We do not have any hedging policy in place to cover such losses. While we may be able to revise the prices on a periodic basis, we may not be able to pass on all losses on account of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations to our customers. Our net foreign exchange gain/(loss) for the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, as a percentage of our revenue from operations is as follows: 

|**Six mont**<br>**Septembe**|**hs ended**<br>**r 30, 2022**|**Fiscal**|**2022**|**Fiscal**|**2021**|**Fiscal**|**2020**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Net foreign**<br>**exchange**<br>**gain/(loss)**<br>**_(in ₹ million)_**|**Percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Net foreign**<br>**exchange**<br>**gain/(loss)**<br>**_(in ₹ million)_**|**Percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Net foreign**<br>**exchange**<br>**gain/(loss)**<br>**_(in ₹ million)_**|**Percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Net foreign**<br>**exchange**<br>**gain/(loss)**<br>**_(in ₹ million)_**|**Percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|
|1.92|0.14%|12.64|0.54%|(2.23)|(0.11)%|21.82|1.37%|



We cannot assure you that we will not experience losses, on account of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, and such losses may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_7. We have not yet placed orders in relation to the capital expenditure for the purchase of equipments/machineries for our manufacturing facilities. In the event of any delay in placing the orders, or in the event the vendor is not able to provide the equipments in a timely manner, or at all, it may result in time and cost overruns and our business, prospects and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

We intend to utilize a portion of the Net Proceeds for funding capital expenditure requirements towards the purchase of equipments/machineries for our manufacturing facilities. For details of tentative timeline for utilization of net proceeds, please see “ _Objects of the Offer - Utilization of Net Proceeds and Schedule of Deployment_ ” on page 87. While we have procured quotations from vendors in relation to the capital expenditure to be incurred, we have not entered into any definitive agreements with any of these vendors, except with respect to specific machinery worth ₹ 107.30 million (for which our Company has placed purchase orders) which is 7.12% of the estimated utilization, as certified by Smita Mehendaley, an independent chartered engineer. For details in respect of the foregoing, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 87. Such bids are valid for a certain period of time and may be subject to revisions, and other commercial and technical factors. We cannot assure you that we will be able to undertake such capital expenditure within the cost indicated by such bid or that there will not be cost escalations. 

Further, our management will have broad discretion in how we apply the Net Proceeds, including interim use of the Net Proceeds, and there is no assurance that the objects of the Offer will be achieved within the time frame expected or at all, or that the deployment of the Net Proceeds in the manner intended by us will result in any increase in the value of your investment. Further, the location for deployment of the equipment/machineries is as per management estimates and these equipment/machineries may be deployed in other facilities of our Company, as well. 

We confirm that any change or variation in the objects as stated in this Red Herring Prospectus will be made in accordance with Section 27 of the Companies Act. The actual amount and timing of our future capital requirements may differ from our estimates as a result of, among other things, unforeseen delays or cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, design changes and technological changes and other factors which may not be within the control of our management. In the event of any delay in placing the orders, or an escalation in the cost of acquisition of the equipments/ machineries or in the event the vendor is not able to provide the equipments/ machineries in a timely manner, or at all, we may encounter time and cost overruns. Further, if we are unable to procure the requisite equipments/ machineries (apart from the equipments/machineries to be procured from the Net Proceeds) from the vendors from whom we have procured bid, we cannot assure you that we may be able to identify alternate vendor to provide us with the materials which satisfy our requirements at acceptable prices. Our inability to procure the machinery and equipment at acceptable prices or in a timely manner, may result in an increase in capital expenditure, the proposed schedule of implementation and deployment of the Net Proceeds may be extended or may vary accordingly, thereby resulting in an adverse effect on our business, prospects and results of operations. 

**_8. We may not be successful in implementing our growth strategies, including our strategy to capture market opportunity in the growing EV market and other new initiatives._** 

31 

The success of our business depends on our ability to effectively implement our business growth strategies. See “ _Our Business – Our Strategies_ ” on page 154, for details on our growth strategies. Even if we have successfully executed our business strategies in the past, there can be no assurance that we will be able to execute our strategies on time and within the estimated budget, or that we will meet the expectations of targeted customers. As part of our growth strategy, we plan to increase our market share in both the Indian and overseas markets by catering significantly to EV OEMs. As on the date of the Red Herring Prospectus, we have been awarded a contract for the supply of EV transmission systems for one of the leading providers of EVs in India, however, supply pursuant to the contract has not started as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, we have been awarded a contract for supply of components for Hybrid Vehicles for a global OEM, however, this does not constitute one of the top five customers of the Company. However, the market for EVs is relatively new, rapidly evolving, characterized by rapidly changing technologies, price competition, additional competitors, evolving government regulation and industry standards, frequent new vehicle announcements and consumers’ willingness to adopt EVs. A decline in the trend towards electrification driven by changing consumer preference or any change in government policy, laws and regulations that reduces or eliminates support for electrification of vehicles, resulting in lower demand for EVs and consequently a significant reduction in production of EVs could have an adverse effect on our sales to EV OEMs and lead to a decline in our earnings from the EV market. Further, our inability to successfully implement our growth strategy to capture the EV market could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_9. Development of our technologically advanced systems and components involves a lengthy and expensive process with uncertain timelines and uncertain outcomes. We are dependent on the success of our R&D and the failure to develop new or improved products or process improvements, or production techniques could subject us to write-offs or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and have a negative impact on our competitive position._** 

Our future growth depends on our ability to continue to design, develop and commercialize innovative, viable and sustainable new automotive systems and components in a timely and cost-effective manner, improve our existing systems and components, or to develop process improvements that can shorten production time, improve quality and cost efficiency. The development and commercialization of new products is complex, time-consuming and costly, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. The automotive industry is characterized by advancements and disruptions in technology and changes in market demand can often render existing technologies and equipment obsolete and could require substantial new capital expenditures or subject us to write-offs. Due to the long lead times associated with development of many of the technologically advanced automotive systems and components, as well as the competitive advantage that can come from being the initial developer of a new product, it is important that we maintain a sufficiently large portfolio of systems and components and a product pipeline and manage their development processes so as to bring our systems and components to market on a timely basis. The launch of a new product is a complex process, the success of which depends on a wide range of factors, including the production readiness of our manufacturing facilities and manufacturing processes and those of our suppliers, as well as factors related to tooling, equipment, employees, initial product quality and other factors. Production shortfalls or production delays, if any, or our inability to accurately estimate the cost to design, develop and launch new products could result in our failure to effectively manage our manufacturing costs relating to these product program launches. If we are unable to bring enough products to market, or if products are brought to market after competing products are commercialized, our growth strategy may not be successful and our business would be adversely affected. As our orders are linked to specific vehicles/models and are not generally interchangeable with other models/vehicles, the discontinuation of, loss of business with respect to, or a lack of commercial success of, a particular vehicle model, for which we are a significant supplier could reduce our sales and affect our estimates of anticipated sales, which could in turn have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

The details of our total expenditure on R&D for the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 is as follows: 

|**Six mont**<br>**Septembe**<br>|**hs ended**<br>**r 30, 2022**<br>|**Fiscal**<br>|**2022**<br>|**Fiscal**<br>|**2021**<br>|**Fiscal**<br>|**2020**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Total**<br>**expenditure**<br>**_(in ₹ million)_**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Total**<br>**expenditure**<br>**_(in ₹ million)_**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Total**<br>**expenditure**<br>**_(in ₹ million)_**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Total**<br>**expenditure**<br>**_(in ₹ million)_**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|
|43.85|3.28%|176.60|7.55%|5.04|6.39%|43.49|2.73%|



Further, for the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, the details of our on-roll employees engaged in R&D activities is as follows: 

32 

|**Six mont**<br>**Septembe**<br>|**hs ended**<br>**r 30, 2022**<br>|**Fiscal**<br>|**2022**<br>|**Fisca**<br>|**l 2021**<br>|**Fisca**<br>|**l 2020**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**On-roll**<br>**employees**<br>**engaged in**<br>**R&D**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of total on-**<br>**roll**<br>**manpower**|**On-roll**<br>**employees**<br>**engaged in**<br>**R&D**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of total on-**<br>**roll**<br>**manpower**|**On-roll**<br>**employees**<br>**engaged in**<br>**R&D**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of total on-**<br>**roll**<br>**manpower**|**On-roll**<br>**employees**<br>**engaged in**<br>**R&D**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of total on-**<br>**roll**<br>**manpower**|
|26|12.68%|21|10.50%|20|10.58%|21|10.88%|



We cannot assure you that the investments we have made in R&D will yield satisfactory results in terms of innovative or improved systems and components, or yield any results at all. In addition, even where we successfully develop any such new or innovative or improved systems and components in a timely manner, there can be no assurance that the new or improved product will be commercially successful and meet the price expectations of our customers. Further, if our competitors develop new processes or production techniques, or improve existing processes or production techniques that may give them significant cost and marketing advantages, we may be unable to retain our customers, which would adversely affect our revenues and profitability. We also cannot guarantee that any expenditure we make in developing products will be recouped, even if we are successful in commercializing those products. 

**_10. Our business is subject to costs, risks and uncertainties, including those associated with laws and regulations in domestic and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate, tariffs and trade relations and international political conditions. Breach of applicable laws and regulations, including those related to environmental, health and safety regulations could adversely affect our business, operations and reputation._** 

The markets and customers we serve are subject to substantial government regulations, which often differ by state, region and country. Our operations are subject to various domestic laws and regulations governing, among other things, noise control, emissions to air, discharge of waste material to waters and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste and other materials, environmental concerns (including concerns about global climate change and its impact such as greenhouse gas emissions), fuel economy standards, health and safety of employees, labour and accounting laws, foreign trade and investment, import and export license requirements, tariffs and taxes and intellectual property enforcement issues. These regulatory requirements also significantly affect our customers by altering their global product development plans and substantially increasing their costs, which could result in limitations on the types of vehicles they sell and the geographical markets they serve. We believe that our operations and manufacturing facilities have been, and are being, operated in compliance, in all material respects, with such laws and regulations. While there have been no past instances of breach of applicable laws and regulations, including those related to environmental, health and safety regulations in the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, which had a material adverse effect on our business, operations and reputation, including shutdown of operations or supply in India and overseas, there can be no assurance that we will be in complete compliance at all times with such laws, regulations and the terms and conditions of any consents or permits. If we violate or fail to comply adequately with these requirements, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by the relevant regulators, or our operations may be temporarily shut-down pending such compliance. Occurrence of any such events could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, these requirements may become more stringent over time and there can be no assurance that we will not incur significant costs or liabilities in the future in order to comply with evolving laws and regulations. We do not carry any insurance to cover environmental liabilities in India and in the foreign jurisdictions where we operate. Further, we have a client base of global OEMs and global transmission systems suppliers, therefore, any adverse developments in industries in which our customers operate outside India, including changes to international market conditions and the regulatory environment, could have an impact on the demand of our products in foreign jurisdictions. Our business and growth initiatives are also exposed to changes in international tariffs, trade relations and policies, including renegotiated trade agreements, import and export license requirements, and imposition of tariffs that may be discriminatory impacting the countries in which we have a presence. We cannot assure you that cost increases resulting from trade policies and tariffs will not adversely impact our profitability. Our sales may also be adversely impacted if tariffs are assessed directly on the systems and components we manufacture or on our customers’ products containing content sourced from us. If we are unable to comply with any applicable domestic or foreign laws, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

**_11. If we are unable to anticipate, identify, understand and respond timely to rapidly evolving technological and market trends and preferences, develop new products to meet our customers’ demands and to adapt to major changes and shifts in the automotive market, our business may be materially adversely affected._** 

The automotive markets in which we operate are undergoing significant technological changes, with increasing focus on, among other things, electrification of vehicles, development of Hybrid Vehicles and advanced driver assistance technologies. Our results of operations and financial condition are impacted, in part, by our competitive advantage in developing, engineering and manufacturing innovative and/or improved products. Our ability to anticipate changes in technology, successfully develop, engineer, and bring to market new and innovative and/or improved products, or successfully respond to evolving business models (including EV advances), may have a significant impact on our market 

33 

competitiveness. Maintaining our competitive position is dependent on our ability to develop commercially-viable products that support the future technologies adopted by our customers and meet our customers’ demands in a timely manner. 

We invest in R&D and new product development initiatives to maintain our competitive position and future growth. For further details please see section titled “ _Our Business – Our Strengths – Consistent financial performance with focus on innovation and R&D capabilities_ ” on page 153. Please see below details of the cost incurred, amount capitalized and amount written-off/debited to restated statement of profit and loss, in relation to such R&D and new product development, for the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020: 

|**Six month**<br>|**s ended Sept**<br>**2022**<br>|**ember 30,**<br>||**Fiscal 2022**<br>|||**Fiscal 2021**<br>|||**Fiscal 2020**<br>||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Cost**<br>**incurred**|**Amount**<br>**capitalised**|**Amount**<br>**written-**<br>**off/**<br>**debited to**<br>**restated**<br>**statement**<br>**of profit**<br>**and loss**|**Cost**<br>**incurred**|**Amount**<br>**capitalised**|**Amount**<br>**written-**<br>**off/**<br>**debited to**<br>**restated**<br>**statement**<br>**of profit**<br>**and loss**<br>**_(in ₹ m_**|**Cost**<br>**incurred**<br>**_illion)_**|**Amount**<br>**capitalised**|**Amount**<br>**written-**<br>**off/**<br>**debited to**<br>**restated**<br>**statement**<br>**of profit**<br>**and loss**|**Cost**<br>**incurred**|**Amount**<br>**capitalised**|**Amount**<br>**written-**<br>**off/**<br>**debited to**<br>**restated**<br>**statement**<br>**of profit**<br>**and loss**|
|43.85|1.36|42.49|176.60|110.48|66.12|93.98|-|93.98|43.49|6.47|37.02|



To meet our customers’ requirements and maintain our technological leadership, we have incurred in the past and continue to incur capital expenditures to develop new systems and components and adapt our range of systems and components based on collaboration with our key customers and to meet customers’ demands. Accordingly, any change in our customers’ preferences, delay in product launches by our customers or failure by our customers to successfully launch new programs, could render our current systems and components obsolete or less attractive which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, unexpected advances in a given technology in the market or difficulties encountered in developing a new technology internally, could prevent us from seizing opportunities relating to technological breakthroughs and as a result could impact our competitive positioning, growth and profitability. We are also subject to the risks generally associated with new product introductions and applications, including lack of market acceptance, delays in product development and failure of our systems and components to operate properly. If we are unable to maintain our competitive advantage through innovation or if we do not sustain our ability to meet customer requirements relative to technology or acquire new and compelling products that capitalize upon new technologies in response to OEM and consumer preferences, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

# **_12. Our business faces substantial competition, and our success depends on our ability to understand evolving industry trends and to fulfil the changing preferences of our customers._** 

We compete globally with a number of other automotive system and component manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell systems and components similar to ours. Technology, price, design, quality, delivery, engineering development and program launch support are the primary elements of competition in our markets. Our competitors include manufacturing facilities controlled by OEMs, as well as many other independent domestic and foreign suppliers. In some instances, we also sell to and collaborate with our competitors to develop automotive systems and components, which may adversely affect our competitive situation. In addition to traditional competitors in the automotive sector, the trend towards advanced electronic integration and electrification has led to an increase in the significance of technology to our current and future products and the amount of capital we need to invest to develop these new technologies, as well as an increase in the amount of competition we face from technology focused new market entrants. A number of our competitors are larger than we are, and some competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do and other economic advantages as compared to our business, such as patents, existing underutilized capacity, lower labour costs, lower health care costs, lower tax rates and, in some cases, export or raw materials subsidies. For further details please see section titled “ _Our Business – Competition_ ” and “ _Industry Overview – Key Player Profiles_ ” on pages 166 and 145,respectively. As a result of these competitive pressures and other industry trends, OEMs and suppliers are developing strategies to reduce costs. These strategies include supply base consolidation, OEM in-sourcing and global sourcing. Our OEM customers may change their outsourcing strategy due to various reasons, resulting in change in our position from a single source supplier for certain systems and components to some customers to becoming a dual source supplier for such customers. Some of our major OEM customers also manufacture systems and components for their own uses that directly compete with our systems and components. Our ability to anticipate changes in technology and regulatory standards on a timely basis will be a significant factor in our ability to remain competitive. We cannot assure you that we will be able to achieve the technological advances that may be necessary for us to remain competitive. Additionally, to compete effectively in the manufacturing and forging industry, we must be able to fulfil our customers’ changing preferences in a timely manner. Product or technology obsolescence may cause our offerings to lose their competitive edge. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to understand the evolving industry trends, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Increased competition could adversely affect our business. In addition, any of our competitors may foresee the course of market development more accurately than we do, develop systems and components that are superior to our systems and components, produce similar systems and components at a cost that is lower than our cost, or adapt more quickly than we 

34 

do to new technologies or evolving customer requirements. As a result, our systems and components may not be able to compete successfully with our competitors’ systems and components, and we may not be able to meet the growing demands of customers. If we misjudge the amount of capital to invest or are otherwise unable to continue providing systems and components that meet our customers’ needs in this environment of rapid technological change, our market competitiveness could be adversely affected. 

# **_13. Our business may be affected by the variation in volume and revenue from sales for the range of products offered by us._** 

We offer a range of products to our customers such as system level transfer case, torque coupler, DCT solutions and transmission systems for EVs across segments in the automotive industry, including passenger vehicles, utility vehicles and commercial vehicles. However, there may be variation in the volume and revenue generated from the sale of our products. For instance, while transmission components were one of our major products sold in Fiscal 2020, transfer cases were one of our major products sold in Fiscal 2022. The reasons for such variations are a part of our ordinary business cycle and therefore, anticipated and addressed in our long range planning. However, such variations do not adversely impact our financial performance. Accordingly, in a short run, we are subject to such demand and supply related risk which may in turn affect our cash flows and revenue from business operations. For further details, see “ _Our Business – Manufacturing Facilities_ ” on page 162. 

# **_14. We have only three manufacturing plants as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. Our manufacturing facility at Sirsi, Karnataka has the highest installed capacity, amongst the three manufacturing plants._** 

We have three manufacturing and assembling facilities across India located at Sirsi in Karnataka, and Shivare and Bhosari near Pune in Maharashtra, with the manufacturing facilities at Shivare and Bhosari being strategically located in proximity to our key clients, and one under-construction manufacturing facility located at Shirwal. As on February 3, 2023, the construction of our facility at Shirwal, Maharashtra is 80.00% completed, and is expected to be fully completed by Fiscal 2024. Our manufacturing facility at Sirsi, Karnataka has the highest production volume and installed capacity, amongst the three manufacturing and assembling facilities. For further details of in relation to the installed capacity and capacity utilization at our manufacturing and assembling facilities, please see “ _Our Business – Manufacturing Facilities”_ on page 162. 

Further, since capacities for some of our products are inter-changeable, any interim reduction or increase in capacity utilisation of such products may not indicate a change in operating performance of our Company. For instance, while there was a reduction in capacity utilization for certain of our products in Fiscal 2022, such reduction did not result in reduction in the operating performance for our Company in Fiscal 2022. Our manufacturing facilities are subject to operational risks associated with breakdown of machinery, manufacturing shutdowns, which may impact us in the future. While there have been no instances of disruption in operations at our manufacturing facilities, in the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, we cannot assure you that these facilities will continue to operate at the optimum levels in the future. 

**_15. Fluctuations in transportation and logistics costs could have a negative impact on our cash flow and revenue._** 

Our business relies on import and export of goods across various jurisdictions. The rates borne for the seaborne transportation of freight are driven by the geographic balance of trade, which determines the length of haul required, and by the growth of shipping capacity, namely the number of new vessels coming into the market less the number of older vessels scrapped or lost. The details of the transportation costs of our Company for the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 is as follows: 

|**Six months ended**<br>**September 30, 2022**|**Fiscal 2022**<br>**_(in ₹ m_**|**Fiscal 2021**<br>**_illion)_**|**Fiscal 2020**|
|---|---|---|---|
|**Transportation costs**|**Transportation costs**|**Transportation costs**|**Transportation costs**|
|2.18|19.91|11.87|10.62|



Furthermore, freight rates have historically been volatile and unpredictable. If the shipping costs rises, our capability to source materials globally will be impacted. The demand for vessel capacity is influenced by global economic conditions, industrial production and demand for petroleum products including crude oil, developments in international trade, competition from other means of transport and changes in seaborne and other transportation patterns. As a consequence of these shifts in demand (coupled with the changes in seaborne transportation capacity), the nature, timing and degree of changes in shipping costs are relatively unpredictable and could have an adverse effect on, or create volatility in, freight rates applicable to our cash flow and fleet and our results of operations. Further, the discontinuation or lessening of our ability to pass through transportation costs could adversely affect our business and have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 

**_16. The COVID-19 pandemic, or a similar public health threat, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations._** 

35 

The outbreak of COVID-19 spread globally, and the virus mutated several times since first being reported in December 2019. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the governments of many countries adopted preventive or protective measures, such as prohibiting people from assembling in large numbers, instituting quarantines, restricting travel, issuing “stay-at-home” orders, and restricting the types of businesses that may continue to operate, among many others. These measures impacted and may in the future, impact our workforce and operations in India, the business of our customers and suppliers, including customers in countries to which we export our products. There has been a reduction in the COVID-19 cases as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. However, COVID-19 restrictions are expected to impact China trade ( _Source: CRISIL Report_ ). 

Our customers may also face financial difficulties due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, which may lead to difficulties for us to collect our accounts receivables and increased risks of incurring bad debt. Our cash and liquidity needs are impacted by the level, variability and timing of our customers’ vehicle production and other factors outside of our control. If the global economy experiences significant decline in the future demand, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow could be materially adversely affected. During the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak, our Company had followed all regulatory guidelines & mandatory requirements published by the ministry of health & family welfare & state’s regulation. In connection with public health threats, we may also be required to temporarily close our manufacturing facilities, R&D centres, and warehouses, which may impact productivity and otherwise disrupt our business, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

# **_17. We rely on the skills and experience of our management, key managerial personnel and senior management personnel and the loss of any of these team members, the inability to attract and retain skilled and qualified personnel or potential conflict of interest could have a material adverse effect on our business operations._** 

Our future success is significantly dependent upon the continued efforts and service of our management as well as other key managerial personnel and senior management personnel. In an event of their retirement or departure from our Company, there is no assurance that we will be able to find suitable replacements for such management, key managerial personnel and senior management personnel in a timely manner or at all and implement a smooth transition of responsibilities to any newly appointed personnel. This could affect our operations resulting in a decline in the performance of our business. We are a technology driven company with significant focus and investment in our in-house R&D capabilities. The future success of our investments in innovation will depend upon, among other factors, our ability to continue to attract and retain skilled and qualified personnel, particularly engineers and other associates with critical expertise, know-how and skills that can help us develop technologically advanced systems and components and support key customers and products. If we lose the services of any member of our management, key managerial personnel or senior management personnel, we may not be able to locate suitable or qualified replacements in time, which could adversely affect our business and growth. Our growth also requires us to continue to attract, hire and retain a wide range of experienced and skilled and qualified personnel at all levels of our business and operations who can adapt to a dynamic, competitive and challenging business environment. Competition for skilled and qualified personnel in the automotive component manufacturing industry is intense, and we may need to offer a more attractive compensation and other benefits package, including share-based compensation, to attract and retain them. Even if we were to offer higher compensation and other benefits, there is no assurance that these individuals will choose to join or continue to work for us. For example, for the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, our attrition rate was 3.46%, 16.97%, 4.71% and 9.07%, respectively, and the number of employees who have discontinued employment with our Company during the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 7, 33, 9 and 18, respectively. The attrition rate of the R&D officials, KMPs and SMPs, for the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 is as follows: 

|**Type of**<br>**Employee**|**Attrition**<br>**for six**<br>**months**<br>**ended**<br>**September**<br>**30, 2022**<br>**(No. of**<br>**employees)**|**Attrition**<br>**rate for six**<br>**months**<br>**ended**<br>**September**<br>**30, 2022**<br>**(in %)***|**Attrition**<br>**for Fiscal**<br>**2022 (No.**<br>**of**<br>**employees)**|**Attrition**<br>**rate for**<br>**Fiscal 2022**<br>**(in %)***|**Attrition**<br>**for Fiscal**<br>**2021 (No.**<br>**of**<br>**employees)**|**Attrition**<br>**rate for**<br>**Fiscal 2021**<br>**(in %)***|**Attrition**<br>**for Fiscal**<br>**2020 (No.**<br>**of**<br>**employees)**|**Attrition**<br>**rate for**<br>**Fiscal 2020**<br>**(in %)***|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|R&D<br>officials|1|0.50|6|3.08|1|0.52|3|1.51|
|Key<br>Managerial<br>Personnel<br>(KMPs)<br>and Senior<br>Manageme<br>nt<br>Personnel<br>(SMPs)|1|0.50|-|-|1|0.52|-|<br>-|



36 

|**Type of**<br>**Employee**|**Attrition**<br>**for six**<br>**months**<br>**ended**<br>**September**<br>**30, 2022**<br>**(No. of**<br>**employees)**|**Attrition**<br>**rate for six**<br>**months**<br>**ended**<br>**September**<br>**30, 2022**<br>**(in %)***|**Attrition**<br>**for Fiscal**<br>**2022 (No.**<br>**of**<br>**employees)**|**Attrition**<br>**rate for**<br>**Fiscal 2022**<br>**(in %)***|**Attrition**<br>**for Fiscal**<br>**2021 (No.**<br>**of**<br>**employees)**|**Attrition**<br>**rate for**<br>**Fiscal 2021**<br>**(in %)***|**Attrition**<br>**for Fiscal**<br>**2020 (No.**<br>**of**<br>**employees)**|**Attrition**<br>**rate for**<br>**Fiscal 2020**<br>**(in %)***|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Total<br>average<br>Employee|20|2|19|5|19|1|1|99|



_* Attrition rate for the aforementioned table indicates the attrition in R&D officials, KMPs and SMPs as percentage of average total employees during the period._ 

The loss of the services of our R&D officials, key managerial personnel, senior management personnel and skilled and qualified personnel, unexpected turnover, or the failure to attract, retain or motivate management, key managerial personnel and skilled and qualified personnel could impact the progress of our product innovation, the development and launch of new products and production operations and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, our management and other key managerial personnel or senior management personnel may acquire, directly or indirectly, equity interests or other investments in other companies or engage in business activities which may give rise to a potential conflict of interest. For further details, see “ _Our Management_ ” on page 180. 

# **_18. Our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale by the Selling Shareholders._** 

The Offer consists of the Fresh Issue by our Company and an Offer for Sale by the Selling Shareholders. The Selling Shareholders shall be entitled to the net proceeds from the Offer for Sale, which comprise proceeds from the Offer for Sale net of Offer related expenses shared by the Selling Shareholders, and our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. For further details, see _“Objects of the Offer”_ and _“Capital Structure”_ on pages 87 and 70, respectively. 

**_19. The objects of the Offer for which funds are being raised have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution and are based on management estimates._** 

Our funding requirements set out in the chapter titled _‘Objects of the Offer’_ beginning on page 87 are based on management estimates and have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. Our funding requirements are based on our current business plan and may vary based on various factors including macro-economic and other changes. In view of the dynamic nature of the industry in which we operate, we may have to revise our business plan from time to time and, consequently, the funding requirement and the utilization of proceeds from the Offer may also change. This may also include re-scheduling the proposed utilization of Offer Proceeds at the discretion of our management. We may make necessary changes to the utilisation of Offer Proceeds in compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act. In the event of any variation in actual utilization of the Offer Proceeds, any increased fund deployment for a particular activity may be met from funds earmarked from any other activity and/or from our internal accruals. Further, any such revision in the estimates may require us to revise our projected expenditure which may have a bearing on our profitability. 

**_20. This Red Herring Prospectus contains information from an industry report prepared by CRISIL which we have commissioned and paid for._** 

This Red Herring Prospectus includes information that is derived from the CRISIL Report, prepared by CRISIL, a research house, pursuant to paid engagement with our Company. The CRISIL Report has been commissioned by our Company exclusively in connection with the Offer for a fee. CRISIL has advised that while it has taken due care and caution in preparing the commissioned report, which is based on information obtained from sources that it considers reliable (the “ **Information** ”), it does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the Information and disclaims responsibility for any errors or omissions in the Information or for the results obtained from the use of the Information. The CRISIL Report also highlights certain industry and market data, which may be subject to estimates and/or assumptions. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which we conduct our business, and methodologies and assumptions vary widely among different industry sources. Further, such estimates and/or assumptions may change based on various factors. We cannot assure you that CRISIL’s estimates and/or assumptions are correct or will not change and, accordingly, our position in the market may differ from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, the CRISIL Report is not a recommendation to invest or disinvest in our Company. CRISIL has disclaimed all financial liability in case of any loss suffered on account of reliance on any information contained in the CRISIL Report. 

**_21. Our Company was referred to the Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction and was declared a “Sick Company” under the provisions of Sick Industrial Companies (Special Provisions) Act, 1985._** 

37 

Our Company, in the Fiscal 1999-2000, started to incur cash losses due to higher rate of interest on term loan and working capital facilities availed, lower price realization, competition in the market, recession in the automobile sector and the lock out at our manufacturing facility in Sirsi, in the year 2001. Subsequently, the net worth of our Company had become negative in the Fiscal 2002 and our Company was declared a ‘sick company’ under the Sick Industrial Companies (Special Provisions) Act, 1985, by the Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction. Our Company had submitted a rehabilitation scheme under Section 17(2) of the Sick Industrial Companies (Special Provisions) Act, 1985 and the Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction had sanctioned the rehabilitation scheme pursuant to its order dated October 7, 2008. In accordance with the provisions of the rehabilitation scheme approved by the Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction, the outstanding borrowing of our Company at that time was rescheduled and our Company was provided with an extended period to pay its statutory liabilities in connection to provident fund and employee state insurance. Our Company attained a positive net worth and was discharged from the purview of the Sick Industrial Companies (Special Provisions) Act, 1985 by the Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction pursuant to its order dated February 24, 2010. For further details please see “ _History and certain corporate matters - Defaults or rescheduling/restructuring of borrowings with financial institutions/banks_ ” on page 177. While we do not face any such risk, as on date, there is no assurance that such event will not occur in the future and may impact our financial condition and results of operations. 

**_22. One of our manufacturing facilities is leased. If we are unable to renew existing leases or relocate our operations on commercially reasonable terms, there may be an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operations._** 

We operate our manufacturing facilities on parcels of land that are held by us on a leasehold as well as freehold basis. While our manufacturing facilities located at Shivare, near Pune in Maharashtra and Sirsi in Karnataka are freehold properties, our manufacturing facility, located at Bhosari, near Pune in Maharashtra, has been leased to us by a third party for 95 years with effect from December 31, 1996. Our manufacturing facility under construction at Shirwal, in Maharashtra is situated on a freehold property. As on February 3, 2023, the construction of our facility at Shirwal, Maharashtra is 80.00% completed, and is expected to be fully completed by Fiscal 2024. For further details, please see “ _Our Business – Manufacturing Facilities_ ”, “ _Our Business -Properties_ ” on pages 162 and 167, respectively. While there are currently no instances of non-compliance of the terms of our lease agreements, there can be no assurance that there will be no such noncompliance leading to termination of such leases in the future. Any change in the terms and conditions of the lease agreements and any premature termination of such lease agreements may have an adverse impact on our operations. For further details, see “ _Our Business – Manufacturing Facilities_ ” on page 162. 

Any adverse impact on the title, ownership rights, development rights of the owners from whose premises we operate, breach of the contractual terms of any lease, leave and license agreement, or any inability to renew such agreements on acceptable terms may also affect our operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to renew these leasing arrangements at commercially favorable terms, or at all. If we are unable to renew all or any of our leasing arrangements, it may cause disruptions in our business and we may incur substantial costs associated with shifting to new premises, all of which may adversely affect our business operations. 

**_23. We are subject to strict quality requirements and any failure by us or our component suppliers to comply with quality standards may lead to cancellation of existing and future orders, product recalls, product liability, warranty claims, litigation and other disputes and claims._** 

We are subject to strict quality standards imposed by our customers, applicable to our manufacturing processes. Failure by us or one of our component suppliers to achieve or maintain compliance with these requirements or quality standards may impair our ability to supply systems and components suited to meet our customers’ demands until compliance is achieved. The occurrence of any such events could result in our systems and components failing to perform as expected and could expose us to warranty claims, product recall or field action, indemnities, product liability claims and cancellation of existing and future orders without liability. Under the product liabilities provided by us to certain key customers, we may be required to bear costs and expenses for the repair or replacement of these defective systems and components. In addition, we may also be required to indemnify customers against losses occurring as a result of defective systems and components. Our OEM customers are entitled to claim indemnity from us under our business award and may place an order with another entity in such a scenario. In addition, we may be subject to the risk of costs and expenses associated with warranties, field actions, product recalls, product liability claims and liquidated damages for any delay. The details of our expenditure incurred for product warranties, product recalls and product liability claims for the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 is as follows: 

38 

|**Six mont**<br>**Septembe**|**hs ended**<br>**r 30, 2022**|**Fiscal**|**2022**|**Fiscal**|**2021**|**Fiscal**|**2020**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Expenditure**<br>**for product**<br>**warranties,**<br>**product**<br>**recalls and**<br>**product**<br>**liability**<br>**claims****_(in ₹_**<br>**_million)_**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of total**<br>**income**|**Expenditure**<br>**for product**<br>**warranties,**<br>**product**<br>**recalls and**<br>**product**<br>**liability**<br>**claims****_(in ₹_**<br>**_million)_**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of total**<br>**income**|**Expenditure**<br>**for product**<br>**warranties,**<br>**product**<br>**recalls and**<br>**product**<br>**liability**<br>**claims****_(in ₹_**<br>**_million)_**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of total**<br>**income**|**Expenditure**<br>**for product**<br>**warranties,**<br>**product**<br>**recalls and**<br>**product**<br>**liability**<br>**claims****_(in ₹_**<br>**_million)_**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of total**<br>**income**|
|0.92|0.07%|1.50|0.06%|1.21|0.06%|0.97|0.06%|



In addition to warranty claims relating directly to systems and components we produce, potential product recalls for our customers and their other suppliers, and the potential reputational harm that may result from such product recalls, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. A recall claim could require us to review our entire product portfolio to assess whether similar issues are present in other product lines, which could result in significant disruption to our business and have an adverse impact on our results of operations. The incurring of significant liabilities for which there is no, or insufficient, insurance coverage could adversely affect our business. Further, as a result of product liability legislation, civil claims may be brought against OEMs, where damages may have been caused by any faulty systems and components that we produced. We may, in the future become subject to legal proceedings and commercial or contractual disputes incidental to our business. 

**_24. Our continued operations are critical to our business and any obsolescence, destruction, theft or shutdown of our manufacturing facilities or other manufacturing, or production problems caused by unforeseen events may reduce production and sales and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our manufacturing facilities are subject to operating risks, and we may encounter manufacturing problems or experience difficulties or delays in production as a result of occurrence of the following events or any other events beyond our control: 

- forced or voluntary closure of manufacturing facilities, including as a result of regulatory inspections; 

- problems with supply chain continuity, including as a result of natural or man-made disasters at one of our facilities or at a suppliers or vendors’ facility; 

- manufacturing shutdowns, breakdown or failure of equipment, performance below expected levels of efficiency, obsolescence of our equipment and production facilities, industrial accidents and the need to comply with the directives of relevant government authorities; 

- labour disputes, strikes, lock-outs that may result in temporary shutdowns or manufacturing disruptions; 

- failure of a supplier to provide us with the critical raw materials or components for an extended period of time, which could impact continuous supply; 

- shortage of key managerial personnel or senior management personnel; 

- changes in applicable local and international laws and regulations impacting our manufacturing facilities where we operate; 

- changes in political relationships between India and the countries in which we have business interests; 

- failure or other issues in production processes, especially if we are unable to obtain adequate supply of utilities such as power and water or inability to successfully implement debottlenecking measures to reduce idle time or improve operating efficiency by reducing facility outages, wastage or yield losses or otherwise; and 

- other problems, including limits to our manufacturing capacity due to failure of our customers to set-up their facilities or assembly lines properly resulting in loss of sale and revenue from such customer. 

The assembly lines of our customers rely significantly on the timely delivery of our systems and components and our ability to provide an uninterrupted supply of our systems and components is critical to our business. In addition, certain of our customers may impose significant penalties on us for any stoppage in any assembly line, caused either by delayed delivery of a component or a defect in the components delivered. While there have been no instances of disruption in operations at our manufacturing facilities, in the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 which had a material adverse impact on our business, and financial results may be adversely affected by any disruption of operations at our manufacturing facilities, including as a result of any of the factors mentioned above, resulting in reduced production and reduced sales. For details in relation to the impact of COVID-19 on our business, financial 

39 

conditions and result of operations, please see “ _Risk Factors - The COVID-19 pandemic, or a similar public health threat, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations_ .” on page 35. This may also lead to loss of business and/or loss of customer which could impact our business adversely. 

**_25. We do not have documentary evidence for the educational qualification of one of our Directors, included in “Our Management” in this Red Herring Prospectus._** 

One of our Directors, Sanjay Bhalchandra Divgi, has been unable to trace copies of documents pertaining to his educational qualification, as disclosed in “ _Our Management_ ” on page 180. There can be no assurances that he will be able to trace the relevant documents pertaining to his educational qualifications in a timely manner, or at all. Thus, we cannot assure you that the details of the educational qualification in relation to the aforementioned Director included in the “ _Our Management_ ” chapter are complete, true and accurate. 

**_26. Some of our corporate records relating to allotments made by our Company, and transfers and acquisitions of Equity Shares made by our Shareholders, term of our whole-time director and initial appointments of our Directors are not traceable. Further, there are some factual inaccuracies in certain of our corporate records._** 

Our Company has not been able to trace certain corporate records such as RoC form filings and challans in connection with share allotments and transfer forms in relation to the share transfers. We have also been unable to trace the RoC form filings and challans for the initial appointments of our Directors Jitendra Bhaskar Divgi, Hirendra Bhaskar Divgi, Bharat Bhalchandra Divgi and Sanjay Bhalchandra Divgi. An independent practicing company secretary has conducted searches for these records with the RoC and at the Registered and Corporate Office of our Company, respectively, but were unable to retrieve those records and accordingly have issued certificate dated September 21, 2022 from CS Vinayak Sadashiv Khanvalkar (Kanj & Co LLP, Company Secretaries). There are certain inconsistencies in the names of allottees as being disclosed in the board minutes and form filings, which has been captured in the abovementioned certificate. Our Company has not been able to trace corporate records such as Board resolutions in connection with share transmission, pursuant to demise of certain Shareholders of our Company. Further, there are certain discrepancies in our corporate records, available with us, with respect to the allotment of Equity Shares of our Company and transmissions undertaken by our Promoters, some of which are disclosed below: 

|**Nature of Transaction**|**Documents Reviewed**|**Discrepancies**|
|---|---|---|
|Allotment of 6,000 Equity<br>Shares on December 24, 1981|a) board minutes dated<br>December 24, 1981;<br>and<br>b) register of members|The distinctive number of Equity Shares issued to the_erstwhile_<br>_Divgi Family Trust_as per the board minutes dated December<br>24, 1981 are 24,000 – 29,000 and as per the register of<br>members, the distinctive numbers of shares issued is 24,001-<br>29,000. There is a discrepancy in the noting of the minutes, and<br>a total of 5,000 Equity Shares, instead of 5,001, as reflected in<br>the board minutes dated December 24, 1981, were issued to the<br>_erstwhile Divgi Family Trust_and as recorded in the register of<br>members. There is no discrepancy in connection with the<br>allotment of the remaining Equity Shares.|
|Transmission of 17,829 Equity<br>Shares from R N Divgi held<br>jointly with Divgi Holding<br>Private<br>Limited<br>to<br>Divgi<br>Holding Private Limited|a) board minutes dated<br>March 28, 1998; and<br>b) register of members|The number of Equity Shares transferred from R N Divgi to<br>his joint holding with Divgi Holdings Private Limited as per<br>the board minutes dated March 28, 1998 is 17,790. There is a<br>discrepancy in the noting of the minutes and a total of 17,829<br>shares were transferred to RN Divgi’s joint holding with Divgi<br>Holding Private Limited.<sup>*</sup>|



_* This discrepancy in this resolution has been rectified and the board of directors of our Company on July 25, 2022, have taken on record, the resolutions passed by the board of directors and shareholders of DHPL on June 27, 2022 and July 25, 2022._ 

Disclosures in this Red Herring Prospectus in relation to such untraceable records/ discrepancies in filings have also been made in reliance on other supporting documents available in our records, including the resolutions passed/noting made by the Board or Shareholders in their meetings and statutory registers. We cannot assure you that such filings were made in a timely manner or at all, in the past. Further, due to non-availability of transfer records, the Company has not been able to determine the consideration paid for the transfers. Accordingly, while calculating the weighted average cost of acquisition, the consideration for the transfers have been taken as ‘NIL’. There can be no assurance if these transfers were, in fact, undertaken at ‘NIL’ consideration, and accordingly, we cannot assure you of the accuracy of the weighted average cost of acquisition. Additionally, in connection to the allotment of 2,250 Equity Shares on June 30, 1965, due to unavailability of records, the details of benefits accrued to our Company and nature of consideration cannot be ascertained. 

Further, there were certain factual inaccuracies in the resolution passed by the board of directors of our Company on March 25, 1998. It was erroneously mentioned in the resolution that Equity Shares held by certain individuals such as Bhaskar Divgi, Jayashri Mohan Divgi, Mohan N Divgi, Shalini B Divgi, Bhalchandra N Divgi and Ambika Bhaskar Divgi were transferred to Divgi Holdings Private Limited. However, the intent was to maintain Divgi Holdings Private Limited as the joint holder of such Equity Shares. Subsequent form filings made with the RoC also reflects Divgi Holdings Private Limited as a joint holder. Further, the total number of Equity Shares held and transferred by R.N. Divgi was erroneously mentioned 

40 

in the resolution as 17,790, however, a total of 17,829 Equity Shares were transferred from R. N. Divgi to joint account of R.N Divgi and DHPL with R.N. Divgi as the first holder and DHPL as the second holder of the shares. 

Additionally, upon the demise of Bhaskar Divgi and Ambika Divgi, 11,733 Equity Shares and 8,407 Equity Shares, respectively, held by them jointly with Divgi Holdings Private Limited in our Company, were transmitted to our Promoters i.e., Jitendra Bhaskar Divgi and Hirendra Bhaskar Divgi, the legal heirs of Bhaskar Divgi and Ambika Divgi and DHPL was retained as a second holder. 5,867 Equity Shares and 5,866 Equity Shares were transmitted from Bhaskar Divgi to Jitendra Bhaskar Divgi and Hirendra Bhaskar Divgi, respectively, as first holders and 4,204 Equity Shares and 4,203 Equity Shares were transmitted from Ambika Bhaskar Divgi to Jitendra Bhaskar Divgi and Hirendra Bhaskar Divgi, respectively, as first holders. Further, 4,302 Equity Shares, were transmitted from Shalini Divgi to Bhalchandra N Divgi, as the first holder with DHPL being retained as the second holder and the resulting total of 13,464 Equity Shares, were transmitted from Bhalchandra N Divgi to Suraj Sanjay Divgi and Harshwardhan Bharat Divgi, equally (6,732 Equity Shares each), as first holders and DHPL was retained as a second holder. Additionally, 10,087 Equity Shares, were transmitted from Mohan Divgi to Jayashri Mohan Divgi, as the first holder with DHPL being retained as the second holder. Our Company has pursuant to a Board resolution dated March 27, 2021; October 14, 2021 and February 12, 2018 have taken on record such transmissions. However, the aforesaid transmissions were made in contravention of the provisions of the AoA of our Company as per which, upon demise of the first holder, the shares are transmitted to the surviving entity. 

Thereafter, such inaccuracies have now been rectified, since the board of directors and shareholders of DHPL have ratified unanimously that they are the second holder of the Equity Shares of our Company and have provided their no objection to the transmission of such Equity Shares to (i) Jitendra Bhaskar Divgi and Hirendra Bhaskar Divgi, as the legal heirs of Bhaskar Divgi and Ambika Divgi; (ii) Bhalchandra N Divgi, as the legal heir of Shalini B Divgi; (iii) Suraj Sanjay Divgi and Harshwardhan Bharat Divgi, as the legal heirs of Bhalchandra N Divgi; and (iv) Jayashri Mohan Divgi, as the legal heir of Mohan N Divgi. Our Company has pursuant to the resolution passed by the board of directors on July 25, 2022 taken on record the resolutions passed by the board of directors and shareholders of DHPL on June 27, 2022 and July 25, 2022. For details, please see _“Capital Structure – Share capital history of our Company”_ section on page 70. 

Further, we cannot assure you that we will not be subject to any penalties imposed by the competent regulatory authority in connection with these untraceable corporate records or filings or inaccuracies in the corporate records. While no disputes or regulatory action has arisen in connection with these filings until date, we cannot assure you that no such action will be initiated in the future. 

**_27. We require certain licenses, permits and approvals in the ordinary course of business, and the failure to obtain or retain them in a timely manner may materially adversely affect our operations._** 

We are required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory licenses, permits and approvals, generally for carrying out our business and for each of our manufacturing facilities. For further details, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 299. A majority of these approvals, including the consent to establish and operate under environmental laws, are granted for a limited duration and require renewal from time to time. While we have applied for some of these approvals, we cannot assure you that such approvals will be issued or granted to us in a timely manner, or at all. If we do not receive such approvals or are not able to renew the approvals in a timely manner, our business and operations may be materially adversely affected. We are also required to obtain and comply with environmental permits for certain of our operations. For instance, we require approvals under the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974, the Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981, the Hazardous and Other Waste (Management and Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2016 in order to establish and operate our manufacturing facilities in India. For details on the regulations and policies applicable to our Company, please see _“Key Regulations and Policies in India”_ on page 169. Further, the licenses, permits and approvals required by us are subject to several conditions and we cannot assure you that we will be able to continuously meet such conditions, which may lead to cancellation, revocation or suspension of the relevant licenses, permits and approvals. For instance, the register of leave with wages and the register of contractors as required to be maintained in the formats provided under the Factories Act, 1948 and Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970, respectively, are not maintained by us in the prescribed format. Such non-compliance could result in cancellation or revocation of approvals and licenses granted to us under the aforesaid labour laws. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased compliance costs, be subject to penalties, have our licenses, approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**_28. Our Company, Directors, Promoters and Group Company are involved in certain outstanding legal proceedings. Any adverse decision in such proceedings may render us/them liable to liabilities/penalties and may adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our Company is currently involved in certain outstanding legal proceedings. These outstanding legal proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts and tribunals. The summary of outstanding litigation in relation to our Company, Directors and our Group Company as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus have been provided below in accordance with the materiality policy adopted by our Board. Further, one of our Directors, Pradip Vasant Dubhashi, has received a summon from the Investigating Office, Serious Fraud Investigation Office, in connection with the investigation being conducted into the affairs of Religare Enterprises Limited and one other company. Pradip 

41 

Vasant Dubhashi presumed that he was summoned in connection with Prime Securities Limited, which had dealings with Religare Enterprises Limited in the past. Accordingly, Pradip Vasant Dubhashi has responded to the summon stating that he was only associated with Prime Securities Limited, in his capacity as a non-executive independent director and was never involved in its day to day functioning. For details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material DevelopmentsLitigation involving our Directors_ ” on page 297. 

|**_Name ofEntity_**<br>**Company**|**_Criminal_**<br>**_Proceedings_**|**_Tax_**<br>**_Proceedings_**|**_Statutoryor_**<br>**_Regulatory_**<br>**_Proceedings_**|**_Disciplinary_**<br>**_actionsby_**<br>**_the SEBIor_**<br>**_Stock_**<br>**_Exchanges_**<br>**_againstour_**<br>**_Promoters_**|**_Material_**<br>**_Civil_**<br>**_Litigations_**|**_Aggregate_**<br>**_amount_**<br>**_involved(in₹_**<br>**_million)_**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|By the Company|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|2|Approximately<br>16.07<sup>*</sup>|
|Against the Company|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|**Directors**|||||||
|Byour Directors|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Against the Directors|1|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|**Promoters**|||||||
|ByPromoters|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Against Promoters|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|**Subsidiaries**|||||||
|BySubsidiaries|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Against Subsidiaries|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|**Group Companies**|||||||
|ByGroupCompanies|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Against GroupCompanies|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|



_* To the extent quantifiable._ 

For details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 296. 

# **_29. Our insurance may be insufficient to cover all losses associated with our business operations._** 

We maintain insurance coverage for anticipated risks which are standard for our type of business and operations. This includes a standard fire and special perils policy with add-on cover for earthquakes and marine cargo annual turnover policy to cover various risks during the transit of goods. In addition, we have a group personal accident insurance policy, directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policy, as well as group mediclaim policy for our employees. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we do not have any policies that cover risks associated with cyber security and intellectual property. As of September 30, 2022, we have 100% or more insurance coverage of book value of all our fixed assets and inventories and have not incurred any losses vis-a-vis our insurance coverage in the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have no outstanding insurance claims. Further, there have been no instances in the past, where our claim has exceeded the liability covered under the relevant insurance policy. Notwithstanding the insurance coverage that we carry, we may not be fully insured against certain types of risks. There are many events, other than the ones covered in the insurance policies specified above, that could significantly impact our operations, or expose us to third-party liabilities, for which we may not be adequately insured. There can be no assurance that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part, or on time. To the extent that we suffer any loss or damage that is not covered by insurance or exceeds our insurance coverage, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

# **_30. We have significant power and fuel requirements and any disruption to power sources could increase our production costs and adversely affect our results of operations._** 

We require substantial power, fuel and other utilities for our manufacturing facilities, and energy costs represent a significant portion of the production costs for our operations. For the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, our power and fuel charges were as follows: 

42 

|**Six mont**<br>**September**|**hs ended**<br>**30, 2022**|**Fiscal**|**2022**|**Fiscal**|**2021**|**Fiscal**|**2020**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Power and**<br>**fuel charges**<br>**_(in ₹ million)_**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of total**<br>**income**|**Power and**<br>**fuel charges**<br>**_(in ₹ million)_**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of total**<br>**income**|**Power and**<br>**fuel charges**<br>**_(in ₹ million)_**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of total**<br>**income**|**Power and**<br>**fuel charges**<br>**_(in ₹ million)_**|**As a**<br>**percentage**<br>**of total**<br>**income**|
|22.85|1.66%|37.68|1.56%|26.36|1.35%|28.19|1.65%|



We purchase utilities for our operations from the local utility companies in the jurisdictions in which we operate. The cost of electricity from state electricity boards could be significantly higher, thereby adversely affecting our cost of production and profitability. Interruptions of electricity supply can result in production shutdowns, increased costs associated with restarting production and the loss of production in progress. If energy or other utilities costs were to rise, or if electricity or other utilities supplies or supply arrangements were disrupted, our profitability could decline. 

# **_31. Any misappropriation or infringement of intellectual property rights of others or loss of technology transfer agreements could adversely affect our business operations._** 

While we take care to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of others, we cannot determine with certainty as to whether we are infringing on any existing third-party intellectual property rights, which may force us to alter our technologies, obtain licenses or cease some of our operations. We may also be susceptible to claims from third parties 



asserting infringement and other related claims. Our Company has obtained the trademark for our logo , from the Trademarks Registry as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. For further details, see “ _Government and other Approvals – Intellectual Property_ ” on page 301. If claims or actions are asserted against us, we may be required to obtain a license, modify our existing technology or cease the use of such technology and design a new non-infringing technology. Such licenses or design modifications can be extremely costly. Furthermore, necessary licenses may not be available to us on satisfactory terms, if at all. While, to the best of our knowledge, there have been no instances of infringement or misappropriation of any of our intellectual property rights in the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, we cannot assure you with certainty that no such instances will occur in the future. In addition, we may decide to settle a claim or action against us, which settlement could be costly. We may also be liable for any past infringement. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, in certain cases, our customers share their intellectual property rights in the course of the product development process that we carry out for them. If our customer’s intellectual property rights are misappropriated by our employees in violation of any applicable confidentiality agreements, our customers may seek damages and compensation from us. Further, we have entered into a product development agreement as well as technology transfer agreement with a German automotive company and a license agreement with BorgWarner. These agreements are entered into, on a product to product basis. The validity of the contracts is longer in duration, owing to the fact that product development is an extensive process, and the products are still in the development phase. Further, as on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, the products are yet to be commercialized and there is no financial participation by these entities in the Company. Therefore, BorgWarner and the German automotive company are not categorized as significant financial or strategic partners of our Company. Such agreements are key to our business and our inability to access these technologies due to failure to enter into such agreements in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and damage our reputation and relationships with our customers. For further details in relation to our technology transfer and license agreements, see “ _Our Business – Overview_ ” on page 149. 

**_32. We do not hold any patents or other form of intellectual property protection in relation to our manufacturing processes, and our inability to maintain the integrity and secrecy of our manufacturing processes may adversely affect our business._** 

While we possess technical knowledge about our products and have developed strong in-house capabilities to deliver evolving green technologies, our know-how may not be adequately protected by intellectual property rights. While we generally take precautions to protect our trade secrets and confidential information against breach of trust by our employees, customers and suppliers, it is possible that unauthorized disclosure of our trade secrets or confidential information may occur. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in the protection of our trade secrets and confidential information. Our manufacturing processes may not be eligible for intellectual property protection and others may be able to use the same or similar production processes, thereby undermining any competitive advantage we may have derived from such processes and adversely affecting our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **_33. We have entered into and will continue to enter into, related party transactions._** 

We have entered into and may in the course of our business continue to enter into transactions with related parties that include our Promoters and our Group Company. For further details in relation to our related party transactions, see “ _Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 235. Although all related party transactions that we have or may enter into, have been and will continue to be on arm’s length commercial terms, or subject to board or shareholders’ approval, as necessary under the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI LODR Regulations, as applicable, we cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of 

43 

operations or that we could not have achieved more favorable terms if such transactions had not been entered into with related parties. Additionally, any such future transactions with our related parties could potentially involve conflicts of interest. For details of the related party transactions and as reported in the Restated Financial Statements, see “ _Restated Financial Statements – Note 34”_ on page 235. 

# **_34. We are subject to the risk of failure of, or weakness in, our internal control systems, which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects._** 

In order to manage our growth effectively, we must implement, upgrade, and improve our operational systems, procedures, and internal controls on a timely basis. If we fail to implement these systems, procedures, and controls on a timely basis, or if there are weaknesses in such internal controls that would result in inconsistent internal standard operating procedures, we may not be able to meet our customer’s needs, hire and retain new employees or operate our business effectively. Moreover, our ability to sustain our rate of growth depends significantly upon our ability to select and retain key managerial personnel or senior management personnel, maintaining effective risk management policies and training managerial personnel to address emerging challenges. We cannot assure you that our existing or future management, operational and financial systems, procedures and controls will be adequate to support future operations or establish or develop business relationships beneficial to future operations. 

**_35. We have certain contingent liabilities, which, if they materialize, may adversely affect our financial condition._** 

As of the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020, our Restated Financial Statements disclose and reflect the following contingent liabilities: 

|**Particulars**|**Six months ended**<br>**September 30,**<br>**2022**|**As of March 31,**<br>**2022**<br>**(in ₹ m**|**As of March 31,**<br>**2021**<br>**illion)**|**As of March 31,**<br>**2020**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Bills discounted**|10.20|23.65|33.75|0.92|
|Sales tax matter (including interest &<br>penalty)|0.24|0.24|0.24|0.24|
|**Claims against the Company, not**<br>**acknowledged as debts**|||||
|(a) Dues related to employees|20.26|20.26|21.68|21.68|
|(b) Others|5.20|5.20|5.20|5.20|
|**Total**|**35.90**|**49.35**|**60.87**|**28.04**|



Any or all of these contingent liabilities may become actual liabilities. If at any time we are compelled to pay all or a material proportion of these contingent liabilities, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. For details, see “ _Restated Financial Statements_ ” beginning on page 204. 

**_36. Information in relation to our installed capacities and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus is based on various assumptions and estimates, and future production and capacity utilization may vary._** 

Information relating to our installed capacities and the capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus is based on various assumptions and estimates of our management, including proposed operations, assumptions relating to availability and quality of raw materials, actual product mix vis-à-vis the products mix envisaged for computation of our installed capacities and assumptions relating to potential utilization levels and operational efficiencies. While we have obtained a certificate dated February 16, 2023 from Smita Mehendaley, Chartered Engineer, actual capacities and utilization rates may differ significantly from the estimated installed capacities or estimated capacity utilization information of our facilities. Undue reliance should therefore not be placed on our installed capacity or estimated capacity utilization information for our existing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_37. Any failure on our part to effectively manage our inventory may result in an adverse effect on our business, revenue from manufacturing operations and financial condition._** 

We are a manufacturing company, and, at all points of time, a certain portion of our assets comprises of an inventory of raw materials, work in progress products and finished products. Maintaining sufficient inventory of raw materials is critical for our operations including as a buffer against any supply disruptions. Any failure on our part to effectively manage our inventory of raw materials and finished products in response to changing market scenario may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and may even lead to loss of business and increase the costs of our operations. 

The details of our inventory, inventory turnover ratio, and non-moving inventory provision for the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, is set out below: 

44 

|**Particulars**|**Six months ended**<br>**September 30, 2022**|**Fiscal 2022**|**Fiscal 2021**|**Fiscal 2020**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Cost of inventory (in ₹ million)**|320.20|300.75|267.08|207.70|
|**Inventory turnover ratio**<sup>*****</sup>|4.31|8.23|7.86|7.85|
|**Cost of non-moving inventory (in ₹ million)**|13.10|1.62|3.92|5.85|
|**Cost of inventory write-off (in ₹ million)**|-|-|-|-|



> * _Inventory turnover ratio: Revenue from operations over average Inventory_ 

_Further, our Restated Financial Statements include provision for non-moving inventory._ 

In the event we overestimate our requirements for raw materials as compared to the demand for our products, it may lead to situations that require us to block more capital and increase our operating costs in connection with inventories and further expose us to variations in raw materials risk. Equally, if we underestimate our requirements for raw materials, it may adversely affect our ability to manufacture the required quantity of products for our customers’ requirements in a timely and cost-efficient manner which may lead to loss of business and / or the opportunity to service customers which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, we may also lose opportunities to acquire raw materials in a cost-effective manner, thereby increasing costs of operations and adversely affecting our working capital requirements. 

Additionally, if our inventory of finished products is not dispatched on time or if there is any unanticipated delay in the delivery of our finished products or if the finished products are not properly maintained or are damaged or destroyed, we could lose such inventory which could have an adverse impact on our production cycle, results of operation and financial condition. 

**_38. The Offer Price, market capitalization to total income multiple, market capitalization to earnings multiple, price to earnings ratio and enterprise value to EBITDA ratio based on the Offer Price of our Company, may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares on listing_ .** 

Our total income, EBITDA, and profit after tax for the six months ended September 30, 2022 was ₹1,375.47 million, ₹370.87 million and ₹256.64 million, respectively, and for Fiscal 2022 was ₹2,418.74 million, ₹656.13 million and ₹461.51 million, respectively. Our market capitalization (based on the upper end of the Price Band) to total income (Fiscal 2022) multiple is [●] times; our market capitalization (based on the upper end of the Price Band) to earnings (Fiscal 2022) multiple is [●] times; our price to earnings ratio (based on Fiscal 2022 profit for the year) is [●] at the upper end of the Price Band; and our enterprise value to EBITDA ratio (based on Fiscal 2022 EBITDA) is [●]. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined on the basis of assessment of market demand for the Equity Shares offered through a book-building process, and certain quantitative and qualitative factors as set out in the section titled “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 94, and the Offer Price, multiples and ratios may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares on listing or thereafter. 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India and international markets, regulatory amendments, strategic alliances, COVID-19 related or similar situations, volatility in the securities markets in India and other jurisdictions, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

**_39. We have a large work force, and our employee benefit expense is one of the larger components of our fixed operating costs. An increase in employee benefit expense could reduce our profitability._** 

Our pool of employees consists of permanent employees and persons hired on contract labour basis. The details of our onroll employees and off-roll employees for the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 is as follows: 

|**Six mont**<br>**Septembe**<br>|**hs ended**<br>**r 30, 2022**<br>|**Fisca**<br>|**l 2022**<br>|**Fisca**<br>|**l 2021**<br>|**Fisca**<br>|**l 2020**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**On-roll**<br>**employees**|**Off-roll**<br>**employees**|**On-roll**<br>**employees**|**Off-roll**<br>**employees**|**On-roll**<br>**employees**|**Off-roll**<br>**employees**|**On-roll**<br>**employees**|**Off-roll**<br>**employees**|
|205|401|200|356|189|364|193|226|



Further, our employee benefit expense for the six months period ended September 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 is as follows: 

45 

|**Six months en**<br>**30, **<br>|**ded September**<br>**2022**<br>|**Fiscal**<br>|**2022**<br>|**Fiscal**<br>|**2021**<br>|**Fisca**<br>|**l 2020**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Employee**<br>**benefit**<br>**expense****_(in ₹_**<br>**_million)_**|**As a**<br>**percentage of**<br>**total expense**|**Employee**<br>**benefit**<br>**expense****_(in ₹_**<br>**_million)_**|**As a**<br>**percentage of**<br>**total expense**|**Employee**<br>**benefit**<br>**expense****_(in ₹_**<br>**_million)_**|**As a**<br>**percentage of**<br>**total expense**|**Employee**<br>**benefit**<br>**expense****_(in ₹_**<br>**_million)_**|**As a**<br>**percentage of**<br>**total expense**|
|132.81|12.89%|225.42|12.54%|217.73|15.28%|196.49|14.78%|



Due to economic growth in the past and the increase in competition for skilled and semi-skilled employees in India, wages in India have, in recent years been increasing at a fast rate. We may need to increase our compensation levels to remain competitive in attracting and retaining the quality and number of skilled and semi-skilled employees that our business requires. Further, a shortage in the labour pool or general inflationary pressures will also increase our labour costs. Any prolonged situation resulting in the shortage of labour could have significant adverse impact on our business and financial condition. Further, a significant long-term increase in our employee benefit expense could reduce our profitability. 

# **_40. Any material deviation in the utilisation of Offer Proceeds shall be subject to applicable law._** 

Our funding requirements and the deployment of the proceeds from this Offer are based on our current business plan and strategies. We may have to revise this from time to time as a result of variations including in the cost structure, changes in estimates and other external factors, which may not be within the control of our management. This may entail rescheduling, revising or cancelling the planned expenditure and fund requirement and increasing or decreasing the expenditure for a particular purpose from its planned expenditure at the discretion of our Board, in compliance with applicable law. Accordingly, we may not be able to utilise the proceeds from this Offer in the manner set out in this Red Herring Prospectus in a timely manner or at all. As a consequence of any increased expenditure, the actual deployment of funds may be higher than estimated. 

In accordance with Section 27 of the Companies Act, 2013, we cannot vary the utilization of the Offer Proceeds as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus without obtaining the approval of our Company’s Shareholders through a special resolution undertaken by way of a postal ballot. In the event of any such circumstances that requires us to vary the disclosed utilization of the Offer Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain the required Shareholders’ approval in a timely manner or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such Shareholders’ approval may adversely affect our business or operations. Further, our Promoters or controlling shareholders would be required to provide an exit opportunity to those Shareholders who do not agree with our proposal to modify the objects of the Offer as prescribed in the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 

# **_41. Our Promoters and Promoter Group will continue to retain significant shareholding in our Company after the Offer, which will allow them to exercise significant influence over us._** 

After the completion of the Offer, our Promoters and Promoter Group will hold approximately [●]% of our outstanding Equity Shares. Accordingly, our Promoters and Promoter Group will continue to exercise significant influence over our business and all matters requiring shareholders’ approval, including the composition of our Board of Directors, the adoption of amendments to our constitutional documents, the approval of mergers, strategic acquisitions or joint ventures or the sales of substantially all of our assets, and the policies for dividends, lending, investments and capital expenditures. The interests of our Promoters and Promoter Group, as our Company’s significant shareholders, could be different from the interests of our other Shareholders and our significant Shareholders may not take decisions in our best interests. 

# **_42. Our Promoters, Directors and certain Key Managerial Personnel hold Equity Shares in our Company and are therefore interested in our Company’s performance in addition to their remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Our Promoters, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel are interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses, to the extent of their shareholding or the shareholding of their relatives in our Company. There can be no assurance that our directors will exercise their rights as Shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. For further details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” and “ _Our Management_ ” on pages 70 and 180 respectively. 

**_43. Our Promoters and members of our Promoter Group carry on business activities similar to our business. This may be a potential source of conflict of interest for us and which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our Promoters and members of our Promoter Group engage in a broad spectrum of activities, including investments in the auto components industry, such as Divgi Transmission Systems and Technologies Private Limited, our Group Company. For details, see “ _Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 235. In the ordinary course of their business activities, our Promoters may engage in activities where their interests conflict with our interests or the interests of our shareholders and Promoter Group. 

There can be no assurance that our Promoters or members of the Promoter Group will not compete with our existing business or any future business that we may undertake or that their interests will not conflict with ours. Any such present 

46 

and future conflicts could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Thus, in the future, conflicts of interests may arise in allocating business opportunities amongst our Company and members of our Promoter Group in circumstances where our respective interests diverge. In cases of conflict, our Promoters may favour other companies or ventures in which our Promoters have interests. 

# **External Risks** 

# **_Risks Related to India_** 

**_44. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

The Indian economy and its capital markets are influenced by economic, political and market conditions in India and globally including the volatility in the securities markets in other countries. We are dependent on prevailing economic conditions in India and our results of operations are affected by factors influencing the Indian economy. Further, the following external risks may have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations, should any of them materialize: 

- increase in interest rates may adversely affect our access to capital and increase our borrowing costs, which may constrain our ability to grow our business and operate profitably; 

- any exchange rate fluctuations, the imposition of currency controls and restrictions on the right to convert or repatriate currency or export assets; 

- political instability, resulting from a change in governmental or economic and fiscal policies, may adversely affect economic conditions in India. In recent years, India has implemented various economic and political reforms. Reforms in relation to land acquisition policies and trade barriers have led to increased incidents of social unrest in India over which we have no control; 

- civil unrest, acts of violence, terrorist attacks, regional conflicts or situations or war including in India’s various neighbouring countries; 

- India has experienced epidemics and natural calamities such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, and drought in recent years; 

- any act of God and its consequent impact on public and economy; 

- occurrence of natural or man-made disasters (such as typhoons, flooding, earthquakes and fires) which may cause us to suspend our operations; 

- prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; 

- decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves which may affect liquidity in the Indian economy; 

- other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India or its consumption sector; 

- protectionist and other adverse public policies, including local content requirements, import/export tariffs, increased regulations or capital investment requirements; 

- macroeconomic factors and central bank regulation, including in relation to interest rates movements which may in turn adversely impact our access to capital and increase our borrowing costs; 

- logistical and communications challenges; 

- difficulty in developing any necessary partnerships with local businesses on commercially acceptable terms or on a timely basis; 

- international business practices that may conflict with other customs or legal requirements to which we are subject to, including anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws; being subject to the jurisdiction of foreign courts, including uncertainty of judicial processes and difficulty enforcing contractual agreements or judgments in foreign legal systems or incurring additional costs to do so; and 

- contagious diseases such as the COVID-19 pandemic, the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine, and any other diseases. A worsening of the current COVID-19 pandemic or any similar 

47 

future outbreaks of COVID-19, avian or swine influenza or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the Indian economy and economic activity in the region. 

Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. Our performance and the growth of our business depends on the overall performance of the Indian economy as well as the economies of the regional markets in which we operate. 

# **_45. We and our customers may engage in certain transactions in or with countries or persons that are subject to USA and other sanctions._** 

USA law generally prohibits USA persons from directly or indirectly investing or otherwise doing business in or with certain countries that are the subject of comprehensive sanctions and with certain persons or businesses that have been specially designated by the OFAC or other USA government agencies. Other governments and international or regional organizations also administer similar economic sanctions. We provide services to our customers, who may be doing business with, or located in, countries to which certain OFAC-administered and other sanctions apply, such as Russia. Although we believe we have compliance systems in place that are sufficient to block prohibited transactions, there can be no assurance that we will be able to fully monitor all of our transactions for any potential violation. Although we do not believe that we are in violation of any applicable sanctions, if it were determined that transactions in which we participate violate USA or other sanctions, we could be subject to USA or other penalties, and our reputation and future business prospects could be adversely affected. Further, investors in the Equity Shares could incur reputational or other risks as the result of our or our customers’ dealings with countries or with persons that are the subject of USA sanctions. 

# **_46. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of corporate, labour and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects._** 

The regulatory environment in which we operate is evolving and is subject to change. The GoI may implement new laws or other regulations that could affect our industry, which could lead to new compliance requirements. New compliance requirements could increase our costs or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, the manner in which new requirements will be enforced or interpreted can lead to uncertainty in our operations and could adversely affect our operations. Any adverse regulatory change in this regard could lead to fluctuation of prices of raw materials and thereby increase our operational cost. Additionally, our loans are subject to specific conditions imposed by the Ministry of Commerce and Industry, GoI and the RBI. In the event of any adverse regulatory development or in the event that we are otherwise not able to secure such loans, we may not be able to benefit from such low interest rates or the ability to fix the price within the specified time frame at the same price at which we sell our products to our customers. 

The Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2021, also prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. Further, as GST is implemented, there can be no assurance that we will not be required to comply with additional procedures or obtain additional approvals and licenses from the government and other regulatory bodies or that they will not impose onerous requirements and conditions on our operations. With the implementation of GST, we are obligated to pass on any benefits accruing to us as result of the transition to GST to the consumer thereby limiting our benefits. In order for us to utilise input credit under GST, the entire value chain has to be GST compliant, including us. While we are and will continue to adhere to the GST rules and regulations, there can be no assurance that our suppliers and dealers will do so. Any such failure may result in increased cost on account of non-compliance with the GST and may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

The Competition Act, 2002, as amended (“ **Competition Act** ”) prohibits any anti competition agreement or arrangement, understanding or action in concert between enterprises, whether formal or informal, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. The combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to, and pre-approved by, the Competition Commission of India, or CCI. Any breach of the provisions of Competition Act, may attract substantial monetary penalties. The Competition Act aims to, among other things, prohibit all agreements and transactions, which may have an appreciable adverse effect in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside of India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an appreciable adverse effect in India. We are not currently party to any outstanding proceedings, nor have we ever received any notice in relation to non-compliance with the Competition Act. Any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI in future, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The Government of India has announced the union budget for the Fiscal 2023, pursuant to which the Finance Bill, 2022 (“ **Finance Bill** ”) has introduced various amendments. The Finance Bill has received assent from the President of India on March 30, 2022, and has been enacted as the Finance Act, 2022 (“ **Finance Act, 2022** ”). There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2022 may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. In addition, 

48 

unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

The Government of India has passed new laws relating to social security, occupational safety, industrial relations and wages namely, the Code on Social Security, 2020, the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020, the Industrial Relations Code, 2020 and the Code on Wages, 2019, respectively which were to take effect from April 1, 2021 (collectively, the “ **Labour Codes** ”). The Government of India has deferred the effective date of the Labour Codes and they shall come into force from such date as may be notified by the Government. Further, the Code on Social Security, 2020 (“ **Social Security Code** ”) will impact overall employee expenses and, in turn, could impact the profitability of our Company. Under the Social Security Code, a new concept of deemed remuneration has been introduced, such that where an employee receives more than half (or such other percentage as may be notified by the Central Government), of their total remuneration in the form of allowances and other amounts that are not included within the definition of wages under the Social Security Code, the excess amount received shall be deemed as remuneration and accordingly be added to wages for the purposes of the Social Security Code and the compulsory contribution to be made towards the employees’ provident fund. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

# **_47. Financial instability in the global or Indian financial markets could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition and may cause the price of our Equity Shares to decline._** 

The Indian financial market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly in the USA and Asian emerging market countries. Financial turmoil in the global economy has affected the Indian economy in the past. Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. A loss in investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy and could harm our results of operations and financial condition. Further, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on our principal markets. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. Following the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union (“Brexit”), there still remains significant uncertainty around the impact of Brexit on the general economic conditions in the United Kingdom and the European Union and any consequential impact on global financial markets. 

In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. Such developments, or the perception that they could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_48. Civil disturbances, regional conflicts and other acts of violence in India and abroad may disrupt or otherwise adversely affect the Indian economy._** 

Certain events that are beyond the control of our Company, such as violence, civil unrest, or geo-political unrest, including those involving India, Russia, Ukraine, the United Kingdom, USA, China or other countries, may adversely affect worldwide financial markets and could potentially lead to a severe economic recession, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and more generally, any of these events could lower confidence in India’s economy. Southern Asia has, from time to time, experienced instances of civil unrest and political tensions and hostilities among neighbouring countries. Political tensions could create a perception that there is a risk of disruption of services provided by India-based companies, which could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. Furthermore, if India were to become engaged in armed hostilities, particularly hostilities that are protracted or involve the threat or use of nuclear weapons, the Indian economy and consequently Company’s operations might be significantly affected _._ India has from time to time experienced social and civil unrest and hostilities, including riots, regional conflicts and other acts of violence. Events of this nature in the future could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

49 

**_49. If inflation rises in India, increased costs may result in a decline in profits._** 

India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increasing inflation in India could cause a rise in the costs of rent, wages, raw materials and other expenses. High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our clients, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. If we are unable to increase our revenues sufficiently to offset our increased costs due to inflation, it could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, the GoI and RBI have previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear how such measures will impact our business as well as the business of our customers. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

# **_50. Our ability to raise foreign capital may be constrained by Indian law._** 

As an Indian company, we are subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies. Such regulatory restrictions limit our financing sources and could constrain our ability to obtain financings on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, we cannot assure you that any required regulatory approvals for borrowing in foreign currencies will be granted to us without onerous conditions, or at all. Limitations on foreign debt may have an adverse effect on our business growth, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_51. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under the foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfers of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions) if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI or in the alternate, the pricing is in compliance with the extant provisions of the SEBI Regulations. If the transfer of shares is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then the prior approval of the RBI will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert the Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India may require a no objection or a tax clearance certificate from the income tax authority. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other Government agency can be obtained in a timely manner or at all. 

In terms of Press Note 3 of 2020, dated April 17, 2020, issued by the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (“ **DPIIT** ”), the foreign direct investment policy has been recently amended to state that all investments under the foreign direct investment route by entities of a country which shares land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country will require prior approval of the GoI. Further, in the event of a transfer of ownership of any existing or future foreign direct investment in an entity in India, directly or indirectly, resulting in the beneficial ownership falling within the aforesaid restriction/ purview, such subsequent change in the beneficial ownership will also require approval of the GoI. Furthermore, on April 22, 2020, the Ministry of Finance, GoI has also made a similar amendment to the FEMA Rules. While the term “beneficial owner” is defined under the Prevention of Money-Laundering (Maintenance of Records) Rules, 2005 and the General Financial Rules, 2017, neither the foreign direct investment policy nor the FEMA Rules provide a definition of the term “beneficial owner”. The interpretation of “beneficial owner” and enforcement of this regulatory change involves certain uncertainties, which may have an adverse effect on our ability to raise foreign capital. Further, there is uncertainty regarding the timeline within which the said approval from the GoI may be obtained, if at all. 

For further details, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 340. 

# **_52. There is no existing market for our Equity Shares, and we do not know if one will develop. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Indian Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares has been determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholders, in consultation with the BRLMs and in accordance with the Book Building Process and is based on numerous factors. For further information, see _“Basis for Offer Price”_ on page 94. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may bear no relationship to the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer. The Offer Price is not indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer and may decline below the Offer Price. There can be no assurances that Bidders who are Allotted Equity Shares through the Offer will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

**_53. An investment in the Equity Shares is subject to general risks related to investments in Indian companies._** 

We are incorporated in India and our assets and employees are located in India. Consequently, our business, results of operations, financial condition and the market price of the Equity Shares will be affected by changes in interest rates in 

50 

India, policies of the Government of India, including taxation policies along with policies relating to industry, political, social and economic developments affecting India. 

# **_54. Any downgrading of India’s debt rating by an international rating agency could have an adverse impact on our business._** 

Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely affect our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing is available. India’s sovereign rating is Baa3 with a “stable” outlook (Moody’s), BBB- with a “stable” outlook (S&P) and BBB- with a “stable” outlook (Fitch). India’s sovereign rating could be downgraded due to various factors, including changes in tax or fiscal policy or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves, which are outside our control. Any adverse change in India’s credit ratings by international rating agencies may adversely impact the Indian economy and consequently our ability to raise additional financing in a timely manner or at all, as well as the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing is available. This could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance, ability to obtain financing for capital expenditures and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_55. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as US GAAP and IFRS, which may be material to investors’ assessments of our financial condition._** 

The Restated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus have been prepared in accordance with Ind AS. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP or IFRS. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the Ind AS financial statements, which are restated as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations included in this Red Herring Prospectus, will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

# **_56. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may differ to those under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian laws and legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law, including in relation to class actions, may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholders in an Indian company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

**_57. A third party could be prevented from acquiring control of our Company because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian law._** 

There are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company, even if a change in control would result in the purchase of your Equity Shares at a premium to the market price or would otherwise be beneficial to you. Such provisions may discourage or prevent certain types of transactions involving actual or threatened change in control of our Company. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to its stakeholders, it is possible that such a takeover would not be attempted or consummated because of the SEBI Takeover Regulations. 

# **_Risks Related to the Offer and the Equity Shares_** 

# **_58. We cannot assure payment of dividends on the Equity Shares in the future._** 

While our declaration of dividends is at the discretion of our Board and subject to Shareholder approval as set out in the section titled “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 203 and the amount of future dividend payments by our Company, if any, will depend upon our future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditures, applicable Indian legal restrictions and other factors. Our Company may decide to retain all of its earnings to finance the development and expansion of its business and therefore, we may not declare dividends on the Equity Shares. Additionally, we may, in the future, be restricted by the terms of our loan agreements to make any dividend payments unless otherwise agreed with our lenders. 

**_59. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the current market price of some securities listed pursuant to certain previous issues managed by the Book Running Lead Managers may be below their respective issue prices._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the 

51 

Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book-building process and shall be based on various factors, as described in the section “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 94. This price may not necessarily be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. You may not be able to re-sell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer price and may as a result lose all or part of your investment. 

We cannot assure you that active trading in our Equity Shares will develop after the Offer, or if such trading develops that it will continue. The Bidders may not be able to sell our Equity Shares at the quoted price if there is no active trading in our Equity Shares. 

There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past, and the trading price of our Equity Shares after this Offer may be subject to significant fluctuations as a result of market volatility or due to various internal or external risks, including but not limited to those described in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, the current market price of securities listed pursuant to certain previous initial public offerings managed by the Book Running Lead Managers is below their respective issue price. For further details, see “ _Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures - Price information of past issues handled by the Book Running Lead Managers_ ” beginning on page 309. 

The market price of our Equity Shares may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 

- the failure of security analysts to cover the Equity Shares after this Offer, or changes in the estimates of our performance by analysts; 

- the activities of competitors and suppliers; 

- future sales of the Equity Shares by our major shareholders; 

- investor perception of us and the industry in which we operate; 

- our quarterly or annual earnings or those of our competitors; 

- developments affecting fiscal, industrial or environmental regulations; 

- 

   - the public’s reaction to our press releases and adverse media reports; 

- speculative trading in the Equity Shares; 

- changes in exchange rates; 

- outbreaks of new pandemics and/ or epidemics; and 

- general economic and market conditions. 

Changes in relation to any of the factors listed above could adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares. The market price of the Equity Shares may decline below the Offer Price and investors may not be able to re-sell Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price resulting in a loss of all or part of the investment. 

# **_60. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. The value of the investors’ investment and dividend could be adversely affected by any fluctuations in the currency rate. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Equity Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the USA dollar has fluctuated in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

# **_61. Investors may not be able to immediately sell any of the Equity Shares you subscribe to in this Offer on an Indian Stock Exchange._** 

In accordance with current regulations and circulars issued by SEBI, our Equity Shares are required to be listed on the Stock Exchanges within such time as mandated under UPI Circulars, subject to any change in the prescribed timelines in this regard. Pursuant to the applicable Indian laws and practice, permission for listing of the Equity Shares will not be 

52 

granted till the Equity Shares in this Offer have been issued and allotted and all relevant documents are submitted to the Stock Exchanges. Further, certain actions must be completed prior to the commencement of listing and trading of the Equity Shares such as the Investor’s book entry or ‘demat’ accounts with the depository participants in India, expected to be credited within one (1) Working Day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is finalized with the Designated Stock Exchange. In addition, the Allotment of Equity Shares in the Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with the depository participant could take approximately five Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date and trading in Equity Shares upon receipt of listing and trading approval from the Stock Exchanges, trading of Equity Shares is expected to commence within six Working Days from Bid/ Offer Closing Date. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence trading in Equity Shares would restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner (as specified herein) or at all. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if the allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

# **_62. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges in a timely manner or at all._** 

In accordance with Indian law and practice, permission for listing and trading of our Equity Shares will not be granted until after certain actions have been completed in relation to this Offer and until Allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to this Offer. In accordance with current regulations and circulars issued by SEBI, our Equity Shares are required to be listed on the Stock Exchanges within such time as mandated under UPI Circulars, subject to any change in the prescribed timeline in this regard. However, we cannot assure you that the trading in our Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner or at all. Any failure or delay in obtaining final listing and trading approvals may restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares. 

# **_63. There is no assurance that our Equity Shares will remain listed on the Stock Exchange._** 

Although it is currently intended that the Equity Shares will remain listed on the Stock Exchanges, there is no guarantee of the continued listing of the Equity Shares. Among other factors, we may not continue to satisfy the listing requirements of the Stock Exchanges. Accordingly, Shareholders will not be able to sell their Equity Shares through trading on the Stock Exchanges if the Equity Shares are no longer listed on the Stock Exchange. 

# **_64. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity-linked securities by us may dilute your shareholding and the sale of Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth, whether organic or inorganic, through future equity offerings. Any future issuance of the Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to the Equity Shares by us, including through exercise of employee stock options under an employee benefit scheme may lead to dilution of your shareholding in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us (including under an employee benefit scheme) or disposal of our Equity Shares by the Promoters or any of our other principal shareholders or any other change in our shareholding structure to comply with the minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India or any public perception regarding such issuance or sales may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our equity shares or incurring additional debt. 

Except as disclosed in “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 70, we cannot assure you that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that our existing shareholders including our Promoters will not dispose of further Equity Shares after the completion of the Offer (subject to compliance with the lock-in provisions under the SEBI ICDR Regulations) or pledge or encumber their Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of shareholder’s investment in the Equity Shares and adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. Such securities may also be issued at prices below the Offer Price. We may also issue convertible debt securities to finance our future growth or fund our business activities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_65. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a public company incorporated in India must offer its equity shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting on such resolution. 

However, if the laws of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for your benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of any such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. To the extent that you are unable to 

53 

exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of our Equity Shares, your proportional interests in our Company would be diluted. 

# **_66. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. The Income Tax Act levies taxes on such long-term capital gains exceeding ₹100,000 arising from sale of equity shares on or after April 1, 2018, while continuing to exempt the unrealized capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on such equity shares subject to specific conditions. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long-term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of a securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold.With respect to capital gains arising in an off-market sale, long term capital gains are subject to tax at the rate of 10.00% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) without the exemption of ₹100,000. Short-term capital gains, arising from the sale of such equity shares on a stock exchange would be subject to tax at the rate of 15.00% (plus applicable surcharge and cess), while short term capital gains arising in an off-market sale would be subject to tax at a higher rate of 40.00% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) in the case of foreign companies and 30.00% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) in the case of other non-resident taxpayers. Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. The Finance Act, 2019, which amended the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 with effect from July 1, 2020, had clarified that in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the buyer shall be liable to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges, and the transferor shall be liable to pay stamp duty in case of transfer for consideration through a depository. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. Additionally, the Finance Act does not require dividend distribution tax to be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. Our Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source pursuant to any corporate action including dividends. 

**_67. Qualified Institutional Buyers (QIBs) and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid and the Retail Individual Bidders are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after the Bid/Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to block the Bid amount on the submission of the Bid and not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. RIBs can revise or withdraw their Bids at any time during the Bid/Offer Period and until the Bid/Offer Closing Date, but not thereafter. While our Company is required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all the Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within six (6) Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by SEBI, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

# **_68. The requirements of being a publicly-listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a publicly-listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the Listing Regulations which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. We may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. Further, as a publicly listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

54 

