# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, but also to the industry in which we operate or to India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not currently known to us or that we currently do not deem materi al may also adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are not currently deemed material, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected, the price of our Equity Shares could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. In order to obtain a complete understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 125 and 239, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and our business and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. Potential investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are unable to quantify the financial or other impact of any of the risks described in this section. Potential investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to legal and regulatory environment which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. See “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 18._ 

_In this section, any reference to the “Company” refers to Dodla Dairy Limited on an unconsolidated basis. In this section, any reference to “we”, “us” or “our” refers to Dodla Dairy Limited and its Subsidiaries and Associate Company on a consolidated basis. Unless the context requires otherwise, all financial information included herein is based on our Restated Financial Information included in “Financial Statements” beginning on page 184._ 

_Unless stated otherwise, industry and market data used in this section has been obtained or derived from publicly available information as well as industry publications, other sources and the report titled “Assessment of the Indian Dairy Industry” dated January, 2021 issued by CRISIL Limited (the “Crisil Report”) (which was commissioned by us). Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the Crisil Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year._ 

# **Internal Risks relating to our Business** 

**_1. Our operations are dependent on the supply of large amounts of raw milk, and our inability to procure adequate amounts of raw milk from farmers and third party suppliers, at competitive prices, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our Indian operations are dependent on the supply of large amounts of raw milk, which is the primary raw material used in the manufacture of all our dairy products. As of March 31, 2021, our supply chain network consists of procurement of approximately 1.03 MLPD of raw milk per day from approximately 109,670 farmers through 6,771 Village Level Collection Centres (“ **VLCCs** ”), 232 dairy farms (farmers rearing multiple cattle for supplying raw milk in bulk quantities) and third party suppliers. We do not have any formal arrangements with farmers and therefore they are not obligated to supply their milk to us and they may choose to sell their milk to our competitors. Interruption of, or a shortage in the supply of raw milk may result in our inability to operate our production facilities at optimal capacities or at all, leading to a decline in production and sales. While we believe we have developed a strong relationship with these dairy farmers over the years, through continuous engagement and provision of cattle feed at cost price, we have not entered into any formal supply contracts with such dairy farmers.  Also, the amount of raw milk procured and the price at which we procure such supplies, may fluctuate from time to time in the absence of a formal supply contract. The availability and price of raw milk is subject to a number of factors beyond our control including seasonal factors, environmental factors, general health of cattle in the regions in which we operate and Government policies and regulations. For instance, the volume and quality of milk produced by cows and buffalos is dependent upon the quality of nourishment provided by the cattle feed and could be adversely affected during period of extreme weather. Also, any disease or epidemic affecting the health of cows and buffalos in India, especially within our procurement regions, could significantly affect our ability to procure adequate amounts of raw milk. Further, any change in the policies of the Government or the respective State Governments where our operations are based, including those affecting the use or ownership of agricultural land or the dairy industry in general, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We cannot assure you that we will be able to procure all of our raw milk requirements at prices acceptable to us, or at all, or that we may be able to pass on any increase in the cost of milk to our customers. Additionally, our procurement prices may increase due to our competitors buying milk at higher prices. Any inability on our part to procure sufficient quantities of raw milk and on 

19 

commercially acceptable terms, could lead to a decline in our production and sales volumes and value, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_2. The coronavirus disease (COVID-19) has had an adverse effect on our business and operations and the extent to which it may continue to do so in the future, is uncertain and cannot be predicted._** 

In the first half of calendar year 2020, COVID-19 spread to a majority of countries across the world, including India. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, significant repercussions across local, national and global economies and financial markets. 

The global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has been rapidly evolving and public health officials and governmental authorities responded by taking measures, including in India where our operations are primarily based, such as prohibiting people from assembling in large numbers, instituting quarantines, restricting travel, issuing “stay-at-home” orders and restricting the types of businesses that may continue to operate, among many others. On March 14, 2020, India declared COVID19 as a “notified disaster” and imposed a nationwide lockdown beginning March 25, 2020. While the lockdown does not remain in force, in case the lockdown is reintroduced, it could result in subdued growth or give rise to a recessionary economic scenario, in India and globally, which could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. The COVID-19 pandemic has affected and may continue to affect our business, results of operations and financial condition in a number of ways, including a decrease in our sales volume by 20% and in our revenues by 12% from the period December 31, 2019 to December 31, 2020, such as 

- a decrease in sales of our products such as processed milk, ice cream, curd and butter milk in the metro cities of Bengaluru and Chennai. This was primarily because of the migration of our retail customers to their base home town. 

- an adverse impact on our sales to commercial establishments; 

- a reduction in the consumption of our products led to a decrease in the production at certain of our processing plants such as Nellore and Palamner; 

- certain employees including some of our Key Management Personnel contracting COVID-19, who have since recovered; 

- reduction in our budget for sales and marketing for Fiscal 2021; 

- increased risks emanating from process changes being implemented, such as increased reliance on technology, increased work-from-home measures; 

While COVID-19 has directly affected our business and operations, there is significant uncertainty regarding the duration and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as possible future responses, which makes it impossible for us to predict with certainty the impact that COVID-19 will have on us and our customers at this time. 

Any intensification of the COVID-19 pandemic or any future outbreak of another highly infectious or contagious disease may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, as COVID-19 adversely affects our business and results of operations, it may also have the effect of exacerbating many of the other risks described in this “ _Risk Factors_ ” section. 

**_3. Any actual or alleged contamination or deterioration of our products or our raw materials could result in legal liability, damage our reputation and adversely affect our business prospects and consequently our financial performance._** 

We are subject to risks affecting the dairy industry, including risks posed by the following: 

- contamination/ spoilage of raw materials; 

- consumer product liability claims; 

- product tampering; 

- product labelling errors; 

- the expense and possible unavailability of product liability insurance; and 

- the potential cost and disruption of product recalls. 

Any actual or alleged contamination or deterioration of our products, whether deliberate or accidental, could result in legal liability, damage to our reputation and may adversely affect our business prospects and consequently our results of opera tion and financial performance. Our primary and critical raw material is raw milk. The risk of contamination or deterioration exists at each stage from procurement of raw milk from the farmers, transportation of the raw milk to our chilling centres and 

20 

processing plants, processing of raw milk into processed milk or conversion of raw milk into VAPs and distribution of our products to distributors or our Dodla Retail Parlours until final consumption by consumers. While we follow stringent quality control processes and quality standards at each stage, there can be no assurance that our products will not be contaminated or suffer deterioration. Further, there can be no assurance that contamination of our raw materials or products will not occur d uring the transportation, production, distribution and sales processes due to reasons unknown to us or beyond our control. If our products or raw materials are found to be spoilt, contaminated, tampered with, incorrectly labelled or reported to be associa ted with any such incidents, we may be forced to recall our products from the market and we could incur criminal or civil liability for any adverse medical condition or other damage resulting from consumption of such products. 

Further, contamination of any of our products could also subject us to product liability claims, adverse government scrutiny, investigation or intervention, product return, resulting in increased costs and any of these events could have a material and adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects. We are facing allegations from third parties in relation to our products being adulterated. Our Company has received certain notices and intimations under the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006 for food adulteration. Any negative claim against us, even if meritless or unsuccessful, could divert our management’s attention and other resources from other business concerns, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. Further, criminal complaint bearing number CC 515/2010 have been filed against the Company, alleging production of substandard flavored milk. For further details please see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 263. 

**_4. The supply of raw milk is subject to seasonal factors, and does not necessarily match the seasonal change in demand for our products. Consequently, our inability to accurately forecast demand for our products, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The supply of raw milk is subject to seasonal factors. Cows and buffalos generally produce more milk in temperate weather, and extreme cold or hot weather could lead to lower than expected production. Our raw milk procurement and production is therefore higher in the second half of the financial year during the winter months with temperate climate in our milk procurement region. In contrast, the demand for our products such as curd is higher in the first half of the financial year during summer months and the demand for _ghee_ is higher during festive seasons. As a result, comparisons of our sales and operating results over different quarterly periods during the same financial year may not necessarily be meaningful and should not be relied upon as accurate indicators of our performance. Please see “ _Management’s Discussions and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” beginning on page 239. 

Further, while we forecast the demand for our products and accordingly plan our production volumes, any error in our forecast could result in surplus stock, which may not be sold in a timely manner. Each of our products has a specific shelf life and if not sold prior to expiry, may lead to losses or if consumed after expiry, may lead to health hazards. We cannot assure you that we will be able to sell surplus stock in a timely manner, or at all, which in turn may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_5. Our processing plants, procurement operations in relation to procurement of raw milk and distribution operations are primarily concentrated in southern India and any adverse developments affecting this region could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we own and operate 13 processing plants located in the states of Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Tamil Nadu and Karnataka and we procure raw milk from these states. For Fiscal 2020, we derived approximately 98.75% of our revenue from operations, which amounted to ` 19,542.35, million, from the sale of milk and dairy based VAPs in southern India. Any significant social, political or economic disruption, or natural calam ities or civil disruptions in southern India, or changes in the policies of the state or local government of the region or the Government of India, could require us to incur significant capital expenditure, change our business structure or strategy, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_6. Industry information included in this Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from an industry report commissioned and paid for by us for the purposes of the Offer. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical, financial and other industry information is either complete or accurate._** 

We have availed the services of an independent third party research agency, CRISIL Limited, from December 17, 2020 onwards to prepare an industry report titled “Assessment of the Indian dairy industry” dated January, 2021, specifically for purposes of inclusion of such information in this Red Herring Prospectus for the purposes of the Offer. This report is subject to various limitations and based upon certain assumptions that are subjective in nature. Neither us nor anyone associated with us has independently verified data from the industry report. Although we believe that the data in the industry report may be considered to be reliable, the accuracy, completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed and dependability cannot be assured. While we have taken reasonable care in the reproduction of the information, the information has not been prepared or independently verified by us, any of the BRLMs or any of our or their respective affiliates or advisors and, therefore, we ma ke no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of such facts and statistics. Due to possibly 

21 

flawed or ineffective collection methods or discrepancies between published information and market practice and other problems, the statistics herein may be inaccurate or may not be comparable to statistics produced for other economies and should not be unduly relied upon. Further, there is no assurance that they are stated or compiled on the same basis or with t he same degree of accuracy as may be the case elsewhere. Statements from third parties that involve estimates are subject to change, and actual amounts may differ materially from those included in this Red Herring Prospectus. Please see “ _Management’s Discussions and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Significant Factors Affecting our Results of Operations_ ” beginning on page 239 and “ _Our Business_ ” on page 125 and “ _Industry Overview_ ” on page 86. 

**_7. We did not have adequate controls for managing our historical secretarial records and compliances as a result of which there have been certain inaccuracies and non-compliances with respect to certain provisions of the Companies Act and applicable FEMA regulations in relation to regulatory filings and corporate actions taken by our Company. Consequently, we may be subject to adverse regulatory actions and penalties for any past or future non-compliance and our business, financial condition and reputation may be adversely affected._** 

In the past, our controls and compliances for managing our secretarial records and compliances have been inadequate as a result of which there have been factual inaccuracies, non-compliances with certain provisions of the Companies Act, 1956, Companies Act, 2013 and FEMA regulations, and delays and failures in making certain regulatory filings by our Company. For instance, we have made filings for condonation of delay dated July 10, 2018 and July 18, 2018 for non -compliances in relation to nonfiling of Form 23 for (i) issue of preference shares on September 30, 2000, (ii) issue of Equity Shares on September 30, 2000 and (iii) for the appointment of our Managing Director for five years for the period 2011-2016. Filings for condonation of delay for such non-compliances have been rejected. Additionally, we ha ve also incorrectly (i) filed form DIR-12 in relation to the appointment of our whole-time Director Madhusudhana Reddy Ambavaram; and (ii) classified the shareholding of Surekha Reddy Bomnireddy as “public” in the annual returns for the financial years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020. We have also filed a condonation of delay application dated July 17, 2018 for the non-filing of Form 5 for the redemption of our preference shares which has been rejected. Also, we have made a typographical error in the filing of form PAS-3 in relation to allotment of 2,652,520 Equity Shares to International Finance Corporation, wherein we have incorrectly stated the total premium amount paid in the stated form filing. Such past inadequate internal controls may subject us to regulatory actions and/ or penalties which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and reputation. 

We have been unable to trace these documents despite conducting a search at the relevant Registrar of Companies, and may be unable to obtain copies of these documents in the future to ascertain details of the relevant transactions. 

While no legal proceedings or regulatory action has been initiated against our Company in relation to the unavailable filings as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we cannot assure you that no legal proceedings or regulatory actions will be init iated against our Company in the future in relation to the missing filings and corporate records. Additionally, our Company had filed a declaration dated August 25, 2000 under the Company Law Settlement Scheme, 2000 (“Settlement Scheme”) for non -filing of annual returns of our Company from the year 1996 to 1999 and for a delay in filing of the return of allotment form for the allotment made on December 23, 1998. While we have paid the necessary fees, documents showcasing such payments are not traceable for the aforementioned non-compliances and we cannot assure you that we will not be subject to regulatory action or penalties in this regard. Any penalties or fines imposed on us in this regard could have a material adverse effect on our fin ancial condition and reputation. 

Further, in the past we have made compounding applications dated June 10, 2015 for the contravention of Section 185 of the Companies Act, 2013, Section 295 and Section 297 of the Companies Act, 1956 before the RoC. Additionally, we have also filed an application for condonation of delay dated June 15, 2015 with respect to a delay in filing of a special resolution as required under the provisions of Section 185 and Section 117 of the Companies Act, 2013. While we have received compounding and condonation orders for these violations we cannot assure you that we will not be subject to regulatory action or penalties in this regard in the future. Additionally, we have also received a notice dated November 11, 2017 from the RoC in relation to inadequate spend by our Company towards corporate social responsibility for Fiscal 2016 and the status of compliance of Section 134(3)(o) of the Companies Act. While we have replied to this notice furnishing the details asked from us, there can be no assurance that there will be no future action taken against us in this regard. 

Further, we have not obtained unique identification numbers and/ or unique registration numbers for 88,255 Equity Shares of our Company, amounting to 0.15% our paid-up equity share capital as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, which have been allotted or transferred to non-resident shareholders. We have subsequently sought to address the irregularities in respect of allotments made to non-residents by making the necessary representations and filings with the RBI. Subsequently, we have made a compounding application dated July 28, 2018 with the RBI for compounding the below mentioned contraventions 

Non-filing of Form FC-GPR (RBI) and FIRC within thirty days from date of issue and receipt of money respectively for 88,255 Equity Shares allotted to International Media and Cultures (IMAC) on December 23, 1998. 

The RBI has pursuant to a letter dated November 13, 2018 returned our compounding application due to non availability of compounding provisions under the Foreign Exchange Regulation Act, 1973. We cannot assure you that the RBI will not take 

22 

any further action due to these irregularities and that it will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or that we will pay such amounts in time or at all. 

Additionally, our Company had invested certain amounts and incorporated a subsidiary company, Dodla Milk Processing PLC (“ **DMPL** ”), in Ethiopia in 2014. The investment was made through the Overseas Direct Investment (“ **ODI** ”) route as prescribed under the Foreign Exchange Management (Transfer or Issue of Any Foreign Security) (Amendment) Regulations, 2004 (“ **FEMA 120** ”). However due to infeasible conditions, we decided to dissolve DMPL without commencing any operations. No shares were allotted to our Company against the investment made and no Annual Performance Reports (“ **APRs** ”) were filed. Our Company had submitted a letter dated February 17, 2017 to our AD bank in relation to certain filings for DMPL. Subsequently we received a letter dated April 20, 2017 notifying our Company of the violations of FEMA 120 which consisted of a failure to submit share certificates within the prescribed period of six months in accordance with Regulation 15(1) of FEMA 120 and failure to submit APRs in accordance with Regulation 16 of FEMA 120. Subsequently, we have made a compounding application dated May 10, 2017 with the RBI for compounding of the aforementioned contraventions. We have received a compounding order dated September 28, 2017 from the RBI compounding the violations and imposing a penalty of `40,000 on our Company. While this offence has been compounded, we cannot assure you that we will not be subject to regulatory action or penalties in this regard. Any penalties or fines imposed on us in this regard could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and reputation. 

Further, our Company disinvested its stake in Abyssinia Bharat Food Parks PLC, a company incorporated in Ethiopia on June 30, 2014 and reported the same to our AD bank on February 12, 2016 which was beyond the 60 day period for reporting the divestment. This delay was due to procedural and coordination reasons between the buyer and our Company. Our AD bank has filed an ODI Form III which relates to annual performance report with the RBI on January 16, 2021 and our Company has sent a letter to the AD Bank dated January 30, 2021 requesting conondation of the delay and approval of the ODI Form III. Additionally, as provided under the RBI’s Master Directions- Compounding of Contraventions under FEMA we may be subject to penalties of up to ` 10,000 in this regard. We cannot assure you that we will not be subject to regulatory action or penalties in this regard. 

**_8. If we are unable to service our debt obligations in a timely manner or to comply with various financial and other covenants and other terms and conditions of our financing agreements, it may adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition._** 

As of March, 31, 2021, we had a total outstanding indebtedness of `873.72 million comprising of long term borrowings, working capital facilities and NCDs. Our indebtedness could have several important consequences, including but not limited to the following: 

- a portion of our cash flows may be used towards repayment of our existing debt, which will reduce the availability of our cash flows to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate requirements; 

- • our ability to obtain additional financing in the future at reasonable terms may be restricted; 

- fluctuations in market interest rates may affect the cost of our borrowings, as some of our indebtedness is at variable interest rates; and 

- there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations if we are unable to service our indebtedness or otherwise comply with financial and other covenants specified in the financing agreements. 

We have, in the past, breached covenants in relation to a term loan facility availed from Standard Chartered Bank. These breaches were due to (i) an increase of Debt/EBITDA number which exceeded the threshold of 2.75, which we were required to maintain, to 3.52, in Fiscal 2015; and (ii) a loan condition breach that included shortfall in cash flow. The breaches of the aforementioned covenants have been subsequently waived by Standard Chartered Bank. Additionally, we have failed to maintain a financial ratio in relation to a loan facility availed from The Hong Kong Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited (“ **HSBC** ”). This non-compliance has been subsequently condoned by HSBC. Further, we had failed to maintain a financial ratio as on March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020 as required by our debenture trustee and International Finance Corporation (“ **IFC** ”). This non-compliance has been subsequently waived. We have also failed to maintain a current ratio for March 31, 2020 as required by a facility taken from ICICI Bank Limited (“ **ICICI Bank** ”). ICICI Bank has subsequently condoned and waived the covenant breach. Additionally, we had failed to maintain a current ratio required under the term loan from HDFC Bank Limited Bank in the past, this non-compliance has been waived and condoned by HDFC Bank Limited 

Many of our financing agreements also include various conditions and covenants that require us to obtain lender consents prior to carrying out certain activities or entering into certain transactions. Under these agreements, we also require lender consents for undertaking an initial public offering of our Equity Shares including consequential corporate actions and we have obtained such consent from the lenders. For the purpose of the Offer, our Company has obtained necessary consents from our lenders as required under the relevant borrowing arrangements for undertaking various activities relating to the Offer. Typically, restrictive covenants under our financing documents relate to obtaining prior consent of the lender for, among others, change in the capital 

23 

structure, amendment of constitutional documents, any merger, reorganization or similar action and a fa ilure to observe the restrictive covenants under our financing agreements or to obtain necessary consents required thereunder may lead to the termination of our credit facilities, acceleration of all amounts due under such facilities and the enforcement of any security provided. Further, during any period in which we are in default, we may be unable to obtain further financing or any refinanc ing of our debt could be at higher rates of interest with more onerous covenants. In addition, lenders may be able to sell our assets charged under such financing arrangements to enforce their claims. For further details, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” beginning on page 260. 

Any of these circumstances could adversely affect our business, credit rating, prospects, results of operations and financial condition and lead to initiation of adverse actions by our lenders. Moreover, any such action initiated by our lenders could result in the price of the Equity Shares being adversely affected. 

**_9. There have been instances of non-compliances with certain compliance centric provisions of legislations such as the Factories Act, 1948, FSSA, Electricity Act, 2003, Hazardous Waste (Management, Handling and Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2008 and Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013. If we are unable to establish and maintain an effective system of internal controls and compliances, our business and reputation could be adversely affected._** 

We manage our internal compliance by monitoring and evaluating internal controls and ensuring all relevant statutory and regulatory compliances. However, there can be no assurance that deficiencies in our internal controls will not arise, or that we will be able to implement, and continue to maintain, adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls, in a timely manner or at all. We cannot assure you that we will not be subject to regulatory action or penalties in this regard. 

For instance, in the past our Company has failed (i) to conduct medical examinations of our employees as provided under the provisions of the Factories Act, 1948; (ii) to file details of solid and liquid waste generated per day to the concerned state pollution board as provided for under the provisions of the Factories Act, 1948; (iii) to display details of penal consequences at conspicuous place at our Nellore and Sattenpalle processing plants as required under the provisions of the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal ) Act, 2013; (iv) to file returns of water usage at our Dharmapuri plant as required under the provisions of the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Cess Rules,1978; (v) to sell hazardous waste in the manner as required under the Hazardous Waste (Management, Handling and Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2008; (vi) to display our FSSAI license at a conspicuous place at certain of our plants; (vii) discrepancies noted in capacities of certain processing plants as compared to their FSSAI and pollution control board licenses; (viii) variance in standard weights and measures on review of sample products; (ix) produced more than the licenses granted by relevant PCB and FSSAI authorized us to; (x) to obtain NOCs to extract ground water for industrial use as required under the provisions of the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Cess Act, 1977 and the Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981 at a C hilling Centre; (x) to conduct fire-fighting drills as required under the provisions of Factories Act, 1948; and (xi) failed to file returns under _, inter alia_ , Maternity Benefit Act, 1961 and Payment of Bonus Act, 1965 at the Dharmapuri Processing Plant. While such non-compliances have not had a material adverse effect on the operations of our Company, in the past, one of our Company’s chilling centre in Gajendragad has received closure directions pursuant to directions of the PCB under the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 and the rules made thereunder, for certain non-compliances. Additionally, in relation to our Chilling Centres our Company has failed to file required FSSAI licenses and returns, obtain PCB consent, factory license, and certifications under the Legal Metrology Act, 2009. 

Additionally, our Subsidiary, DDKL had defaulted with respect to its PAYE income tax obligations in Kenya for the period December 1, 2017 to December 31, 2017 pursuant to which DDKL paid the resulting penalty with respect to the default for the respective period. As we continue to grow, there can be no assurance that there will be no other instances of statutory noncompliance/ delays by our Company or its Subsidiaries. 

# **_10. Our inability to compete with dairy cooperatives may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition._** 

In addition to large multinational companies and regional and local companies in each of the regions in which we operate, we also compete with large dairy cooperatives that also procure milk from farmers in the regions where we procure our milk, and any grants, financial assistance or other incentives by the GoI or State governments to such dairy cooperatives would benefit such entities, and could adversely affect our direct milk procurement model and registered milk vendors. For instance, subsidies are provided in states such as Karnataka under the government’s Pashu Bhagya Scheme to members of milk cooperatives, which may not be available to us (Source: _CRISIL Report_ ). According to the CRISIL Report, cooperatives compete with private players on the basis of milk procurement prices, however, private players offer (a) prompt and upfront payment to farmers, (b) often engage with farmers to enhance yield/production of their cattle, and (c) increasingly opting for direct milk procurement from farmers as opposed to procurement through agents. Additionally, the state of Andhra Pradesh through its YSR Cheyutha Scheme provides support to farmers who purchase cattle and supply certain milk cooperatives operation in the state with raw 

24 

milk. Our Company and our brands do not receive such support from any state government that we operate in and cannot be assured of such support in the future. 

While we endeavour to increase our direct procurement of raw-milk from farmers and constantly engage with the farmers, we cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing or potential dairy cooperatives or that our business and results of operations will not be adversely affected by increased competition. 

# **_11. Certain of our financing agreements involve variable interest rates and any increase in interest rates may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are susceptible to changes in interest rates and the risks arising therefrom. Certain of our financing agreements provide for interest at variable rates with a provision for the periodic resetting of interest rates. Further, under certain of our financing agreements, the rate of interest charged to us is subject to revision on the basis of the prevailing money market conditions and the base rate that depends on the policies of the RBI. See “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” beginning on page 260 for a description of interest payable under our financing agreements. Further, in recent years, the Government of India has taken measures to cont rol inflation, which have included tightening the monetary policy by raising interest rates. As such, any increase in interest rates may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_12. Our Statutory Auditor’s report for for the last three Fiscals and nine months period ended December 31, 2020 may contain certain qualifications._** 

There are certain remarks and qualifications, from the auditors in their audit report and annexure to the auditor’s report under the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2016 for the last three Fiscals and nine months period ended December 31, 2020 pertaining to (a) irregular deposit of professional tax with the relevant authorities, and (b) breach of financial covenants required to be maintained in terms of the debt facilities availed by our Company and the debt securities issued by our Company. While our Company has taken certain corrective actions in relation to such past adverse remarks, there is no assurance that our audit report or annexure there on for any future fiscal periods will not contain such comments or any other qualifications or otherwise affect our results of operations in such future fiscal periods. Investors should consider these remarks in evaluating our financial position, cash flows and results of operations. Any such qualifications in the auditors’ report on our financial statements in the future may also adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. For further details see “ _Financial Statements_ ” on page 184. 

# **_13. Our Subsidiaries, Orgafeed Private Limited and Dodla Dairy Kenya Limited have incurred losses in the past and may incur losses in the future_** 

Our Subsidiaries, OPL and DDKL have incurred losses in the past. Any such losses that our subsidiaries or we may incur in the future will adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

The following table sets forth information on losses incurred by our Subsidiary in the past: 

|**Name of the Subsidiary**||**Profit /(Loss)**||_(in_`_million)_<br>**For the nine**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Fiscal 2018**|**Fiscal 2019**|**Fiscal 2020**|**months period**<br>**ended December**<br>**31, 2020**|
|DDKL<br>(in KES million)|(12.88)|(2.96)|14.31|(3.79)|
|OPL**|N/A|N/A|(15.21)|4.46|



_** Incorporated in Fiscal 2020_ 

There can be no assurance that our Subsidiaries will not incur losses in the future, which may have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. 

# **_14. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with our equity shareholders._** 

We have in the past entered into transactions with certain of our Promoters, relatives of our Promoters, Directors, and enterprises over which our Directors have a significant influence. While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, we cannot assure you that we might have obtained more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. Further, it is likely that we may enter into related party transactions in the future. Such rela ted party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. 

For details on our related party transactions, see “ _Financial Statements_ ” on page 184. We cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will always be in the best interests of our minority shareholders and will no t have 

25 

an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_15. We have certain contingent liabilities that have not been provided for in our financial statements, which if they materialise, may adversely affect our financial condition._** 

As of December 31, 2020, our contingent liabilities were as follows: 

||**Particulars**|**As at**<br>**December 31, 2020**||
|---|---|---|---|
|||(`**Million)**||
|Income tax matters|||0.99|
|Indirect tax matters|||164.56|
|**Total**|||**165.55**|



For further information on our contingent liabilities, see Annexure VI of our Restated Financial Information on page 219. 

Our contingent liabilities may become actual liabilities and if a significant portion of these liabilities materialize, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_16. Any significant interruption in continuing operations of our chilling centres could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

As of March 31, 2021, we owned and operated 94 chilling centres in order to preserve the freshness of the raw milk. These centres are subject to risks such as equipment breakdowns, labour stoppages, natural disasters, directives from government agencies, water shortages and power interruptions. Any significant malfunction or breakdown of our machinery located at such centres may entail significant repair and maintenance costs and cause delays in our operations. If we are unable to repair the malfunctioning machinery in a timely manner or at all, our operations may need to be suspended until we procure machinery to replace the same. Our primary raw material, raw milk, is a perishable product and consequently, any malfunction and break down of the cold storage facility may affect the raw milk, which has a limited shelf life, and this could result in slow down or underutilisation of our processing plants or cessation of our operations which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_17. Improper storage, processing or handling of raw milk and our dairy products may result in spoilage of, and damage to, such raw milk and dairy products which may adversely affect our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We produce a range of dairy products from raw milk, including standardised milk, full cream milk, toned and double toned milk, curd, SMP, clarified butter ( _ghee_ ), paneer, butter, buttermilk and ice cream. Each such dairy product involves specific temperatures and other conditions of storage depending on the nature of the product. In the event that the procured raw milk or our dairy products are not appropriately processed, stored, handled and transported under specific temperatures and other food safety conditions, the quality of such raw milk and dairy products may be affected, resulting in spoilage or delivery of products of sub-standard quality. Any accident or negligence in the procurement, production or storage of our products under sub -optimal conditions may result in non-compliance with applicable regulatory standards or quality standards and storage conditions specified by our customers for such products. Further, we rely on certain third parties for the transportation of raw milk procured by us and our dairy products and our inability to enforce adequate cold storage facilities at each stage may result in deterioration on the quality of our products. Any sale of such non-compliant products may be harmful to the health of end consumers of our dairy products, and any such event may expose us to liabilities and claims which could adversely affect our brand image and reputation and have a material and adverse effect on our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_18. Our Promoters, Dodla Sunil Reddy and Dodla Sesha Reddy, have been named as a respondent in certain criminal proceedings_** 

Of our Promoters, Dodla Sunil Reddy and Dodla Sesha Reddy, have been named as a respondents in certain criminal proceedings. For instance, two criminal complaints have been filed before the Court of Civil Judge and JMFC, Koppal against our Dodla Sunil Reddy and Dodla Sesha Reddy before the Court of Civil Judge and JMFC, Koppal under Section 22 (A) of the Minimum Wages Act, 1948. The aforementioned proceedings against Dodla Sunil Reddy and Dodla Sesha Reddy are currently pending, and there can be no assurance that the relevant judicial forums will dismiss the complaints or rule in favour of the respondents. Any conviction of Dodla Sunil Reddy or Dodla Sesha Reddy or any decision which is not in favour of the persons named in the complaints for the alleged offences may lead to negative publicity and affect our business, reputation and results of operations. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments- Outstanding Criminal Litigations against our Promoters_ ” on page 265. 

26 

**_19. The dairy products business in India is evolving rapidly and is highly competitive and an inability to compete effectively with established and new competitors may adversely affect our growth prospects, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The dairy products industry in India is highly competitive, especially the markets for pasteurized milk, UHT milk, flavoured milk, curd and ice cream. These products are experiencing rapid development and increasing competition. We currently compete, and in the future will continue to compete, with large multinational companies as well as cooperatives, regional and local companies in each of the regions in which we operate. We compete not only with widely advertised and established branded products, but also with non-premium dairy producers as well as private and economy brand products that are generally sold at lower prices. Our competitors with a significant presence in South India include Hatsun Agro Products Limited, Heritage Foods Limited, Tirumala Milk Products Private Limited and Creamline Dairy Products Limited (Source: _CRISIL Report_ ). Many of our competitors may have substantially greater financial and other resources and may be better established with greater brand recognition than us. Our competitors in certain regional markets may also benefit from raw material sources or production facilities that are closer to the markets for their products. In addition, a number of our competitors have also engaged in increased integration within the value chain, including collaboration with their existing business partners or other international institutions that produce or supply cattle feed, and other strategic initiatives that could enhance or expand their current operations or products or that might otherwise offer them with growth opportunities. Such strategic moves may lead to a more competitive environment. These initiatives undertaken by our competitors may require us to make further investments on backward integration initiatives such as manufacture of cattle feed, increased quality control, product development, product distribution, and aggressive marketing and promotional initiatives in order to maintain our market share and strengthen our retail consumer brands. We also compete with traditional milkmen and vendors operating in the unorganised sector. As a result, we cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against our existing or potential competitors or that our business and results of operations will not be adversely affected by increased competition. 

A failure to introduce distinctive brands, packaging and products that differentiate us from our competitors may result in lo ss of existing market share and failure to expand our retail consumer business or expand into new markets. Some of our competitors have used, and we expect them to continue to use, greater amounts of incentives and subsidies for distributors and retailers and more advanced processes and technologies. In addition, significant increase in advertising expenditures and promotional activities by our competitors may require us to similarly increase our marketing expenditure for our growing retail consumer business, engage in effective pricing strategies, which may result in dilution of our margins and ma terially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_20. The success of our business strategy depends upon our ability to enhance our brands. Further, if we fail to maintain and enhance our brand and reputation, consumers’ recognition of our brands, and trust in us, our products, and are unable to maintain and grow our brand image, our business may be materially and adversely affected._** 

Enhancing our brands is a key component of our business strategy in order to expand sales and volumes and to respond to the changing customer landscape. Consumers in existing or new markets are likely to be unfamiliar with our brand and products and we may need to build or increase brand awareness in the relevant markets by increasing investments in advertising and promotional activities than we originally planned. We may also face competition with the established brands in the new markets we intend to enter. We have incurred, and may continue to incur in the future, significant expenditures for advertising and marketing campaigns in an effort to build brand awareness and preference over other public and private label products. We may not be successful in our efforts to expand our brand presence and we cannot guarantee that our advertising and marketing campaigns will result in customer or consumer acceptance of our brands. 

Our business depends significantly on the strength of our brand and reputation in marketing and selling our products. We believe that continuing to develop awareness of our brand, through focused and consistent branding and marketing initiatives is important for our ability to increase our sales volumes and our revenue, grow our existing market share and expand into new markets. Consequently, product contaminations and defects, consumer complaints, or negative publicity or media reports involving us, or any of our products could harm our brand and reputation and may dilute the impact of our branding a nd marketing initiatives and adversely affect our business and prospects. Negative media coverage regarding the safety, quality or nutritional value of our products, and the resulting negative publicity, could materially and adversely affect the level of consumer recognition of, and trust in, us and our products. In addition, adverse publicity about any regulatory or legal action against us could damage our reputation and brand image, undermine our consumers’ confidence in us and reduce long-term demand for our products, even if the regulatory or legal action is unfounded or immaterial to our operations. Additionally, any delinquent publicity of India’s dairy industry relating to food safety, including contamination, due to adulterated supplies of raw materials and inadequate enforcement of food-safety regulations and inspection procedures, which may not have a direct connection with us, may negatively influence consumer perception and demand for our products, which in turn could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our success in marketing our products also depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing marketing and media environment, including our increasing reliance on direct marketing initiatives. The impact of our marketing initiatives may not be as effective as we anticipate. If we do not successfully maintain, extend and expand our reputation and brand image, then 

27 

our brands, product sales, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

We are one of the leading manufacturers and marketers of dairy based food products and our brands “Dodla Dairy”, “Dodla” and “KC+” (for our India operations) and “Dodla Dairy”, “Dairy Top” and “Dodla+” (for our overseas)  Our brand and reputation are among our most important assets and we believe our brands serve in attracting customers to our products in preference over those of our competitors. We believe that continuing to develop awareness of our brand s, through focused and consistent branding and marketing initiatives, among retail consumers and institutional customers, is important for our ability to increase our sales volumes and our revenue, grow our existing market share and expand into new markets. Consequently, any adverse publicity involving us, or any of our products may impair our reputation, dilute the impact of our branding and marketing initiatives and adversely affect our business and our prospects. 

# **_21. We have acquired two processing plants pursuant to a business transfer agreement that may expose us to certain liabilities and may have an adverse effect on our business, operations and financial condition._** 

Pursuant to the business transfer agreement dated February 8, 2019 between our Company, KC Dairy Products Private Limited and its shareholders including Chellamuthu Sureshkumar, we have acquired two processing plants at Vedasandur and Batlagundu in Tamil Nadu (“ **BTA** ”). The sale deeds for transfer of land on which the two new processing plants operate from Chellamuthu Sureshkumar to KC Dairy Products Private Limited are untraceable and we may be subject to adverse claims on such land in this regard, which cannot be definitively ascertained or quantified at this juncture. For further details of the BTA, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters – Details regarding material acquisitions or divestments of business/ undertakings, mergers, amalgamations or any revaluation of assets, in the last ten years_ ” on page 154. 

Though we have made efforts to ensure that acquisitions are successfully integrated with our existing business, certain histo rical issues and past liabilities may or may not transfer as a claim on us or the two processing plants. We cannot assure you that the third party or any other parties may not pursue legal recourse or make a claim on the two processing plants acquired by us 

# **_22. Failure to comply with environmental laws and regulations could lead to unforeseen environmental litigation which could impact our business and our future net earnings._** 

We are subject to various national, state, municipal and local laws and regulations concerning environmental protection in In dia, including laws addressing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of any hazardous substances, and wastes and the clean-up of contaminated sites. Environmental laws and regulations in India are becoming more stringent, and the scope and extent of new environmental regulations, including their effect on our operations, cannot be predicted with any certainty. In case of any change in environmental or pollution regulations, we may be required to invest in, among other things, environmental monitoring, pollution control equipment, and emissions management. We have in the past received notices from the Andhra Pradesh Pollution Control Board for establishment of a new boiler without the relevant permissions and for discharge of untreated effluents outside our premises at Sattenepalli. Further, we have in the past opera ted our Tumkur processing plant without obtaining a valid consent to operate. We have also made applications for pollution clearances for our processing plants. We have also in the past received a notice from the Andhra Pradesh Pollution Control Board in relation to our Nellore processing plant for violations of ground water drawal by our Nellore processing plant for the years 2017-2018, 2018-2019, 2019-2020 and for not complying with the requirement of displaying online data outside the main plant gate on quantity and nature of hazardous material being used in the plant, water and air emissions and solid wastes generated within the plant premises. Further, any violation of the environmental laws and regulations may result in fines, criminal sanctions, revocation of operating permits, or shutdown of our facilities. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, the Company had received 350 notices from various regulatory authorities, including State Pollution Control Boards and FSSAI, and paid an aggregate of `0.15 million for some of these notices. Additionally, certain of these notices from regulatory authorities have resulted in litigation, including criminal litigation against our Company. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 263. 

As a consequence of unanticipated regulatory or other developments, future environmental and regulatory related expenditures may vary substantially from those currently anticipated. We cannot assure you that our costs of complying with current and future environmental laws and other regulations will not adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. In addition, we could incur substantial costs, our products could be restricted from entering certain markets, and we could face other sanctions, if we were to violate or become liable under environmental laws or if our products become non - compliant with applicable regulations. Our potential exposure includes fines and civil or criminal sanctions, third -party property damage or personal injury claims and clean-up costs. The amount and timing of costs under environmental laws are difficult to predict. For further information, see “ _Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 142. 

**_23. Our inability to expand or effectively manage our third-party agents and distributors or any disruptions in our supply or distribution infrastructure may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

28 

We rely largely on third-party agents and distributors to sell our products to retailers who place our products in the market. As of March 31, 2021, our distribution network included 3,285 distribution agents, 861 milk distributors and 544 milk product distributors across eleven states in India. Our ability to expand and grow our product reach significantly depends on the reach and effective management of our distribution network consisting of third-party distribution agents and distributors. We continuously seek to increase the penetration of our products by appointing new third party agents and distributors to ensure wide distribution network targeted at different consumer groups and regions. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully identify or appoint new third party distribution agents or distributors or effectively manage our existing distribution network. Any one of the following events could cause fluctuations or declines in our revenue and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations: 

- failure to renew agreements with third party distribution agents and distributors; 

- failure to maintain relationships with our existing third party distribution agents and distributors; 

- failure to establish relationships with new third party distribution agents and distributors on favorable terms; 

- ability to timely identify and appoint additional or replacement third party distribution agents and distributors upon the loss of one or more of our third party agents and distributors; 

- reduction, delay or cancellation of orders from one or more of our third party distribution agents and distributors; and 

- • disruption in delivering of our products by third party agents and distributors. 

We may not be able to compete successfully against larger and better-funded distribution networks of some of our current or future competitors, especially if these competitors provide their distributors with more favorable arrangements. If the terms offered to such distributors or agents by our competitors are more favourable tha n those offered by us, our third-party distribution agents and distributors may decline to distribute our products and terminate their arrangements with us. We cannot assure you that we will not lose any of our third party agents and distributors to our competitors, which could cause us to lose some or all of our favorable arrangements with such third party distribution agents and distributors and may result in the termination of our relationships with other third party distribution agents and distributors. Further the costs related to the collection, distribution and production of our dairy products such as freight and other costs will also have an effect on our production costs and effect on our results of operations. If any of our contracts with these suppliers are disrupted, then we may not be able to find suitable replacements in a timely manner or at all, or on commercially acceptable terms, and this could constrain or disrupt reliability of supply and have an adverse effect on business and profitability. 

Alternately, if our third party agent’s distribution and distributors are not able to maintain a strong network of distribution, our products may not attain as much reach as our competitors in the market and we may lose market share which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

# **_24. Failure to adapt our product offerings to the changing consumer preferences may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, profitability and financial condition._** 

The dairy industry in India is evolving and consumers may be tempted to shift their choices and preferences when new products are launched or various marketing and pricing campaigns of different brands are introduced. Our future growth depends on our ability to continue to increase our revenue and margins from our dairy based VAPs. 

While we believe our current VAPs are in line with changing consumer preferences, we may not be able to adapt or our products may not meet the desired success, or our competitors may respond to such changing consumer preferences more effectively and successfully. An unanticipated change in customer demand may adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition as a result of operating expenses that are relatively fixed and have been incurred by our Company. The success of our VAPs depend on our ability to accurately anticipate the tastes and dietary habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to their preferences and fall within a price range acceptable to them. Acceptance of our VAPs and by consumers may not be as high as we anticipate. Further, our VAPs may fail to appeal to the consumers, either in terms of taste or price. We may not be able to introduce new products that are fast-growing due to shift in consumer preferences or generate acceptable margins. To the extent we are unable to execute our strategy to increase our revenue and margins from our VAPs, our market share and financial performance would be adversely affected. 

# **_25. Failure to effectively manage our future growth and expansion may have a material adverse effect on our business prospects and future financial performance._** 

Our future growth depends, amongst other factors, on expanding our operations domestically and internationally by way of organic and inorganic growth by establishing new processing plants. Our ability to achieve growth will be subject to a range of factors, including: 

- Setting up of new processing plants in a timely manner; 

- competing with existing companies in our markets; 

- establishing our presence in new territories; 

29 

- strengthening our existing relationships with our distributors; 

- expanding our sales network; 

- continuing to exercise effective quality control; 

- hiring and training qualified personnel; and 

- maintaining our high food-safety standards. 

Our future growth also depends on expanding our sales and distribution network to enter new markets in new geographies, through different sales channels. We face increased risks when we enter new markets, either India or abroad. We are also subject to various policies of the countries or jurisdictions, relating to the quantity, quality, characteristics and variety of the products sold to such countries, which may be required to be upgraded or changed from time to time. We may find it more difficult to hire, train and retain qualified employees. As a result, the products we introduce in new markets may be more expensive to produce and/or distribute and may take longer to reach expected sales and profit levels than in our existing markets, which could affect the viability of these operations or our overall profitability. 

Our expansion plans and business growth could strain our managerial, operational and financial resources. Our ability to mana ge future growth will depend on our ability to continue to implement and improve operational, financial and management information systems on a timely basis and to expand, train, motivate and manage our workforce. We cannot assure you that our personnel, systems, procedures and controls will be adequate to support our future growth. Failure to effectively manage our expansion may lead to increased costs and reduced profitability and may adversely affect our growth prospects. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve our business strategy of expanding into existing or new territories and expanding our product portfolio. 

# **_26. We do not have long term agreements with suppliers for our raw materials other than raw milk and an increase in the cost of or a shortfall in the availability of such raw materials could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Apart from raw milk, we require skimmed milk powder and butter for our operations. The price and availability of these raw materials depend on several factors beyond our control, including overall economic conditions, production levels, market demand and competition for such materials, production and transportation cost, duties and taxes and trade restrictions. We usually do not enter into long term supply contracts with any of the raw material suppliers and typically place orders with t hem in advance of our anticipated requirements. The absence of long term contracts at fixed prices exposes us to volatility in the prices of raw materials that we require and we may be unable to pass these costs onto our customers. We also face a risk that one or more of our existing suppliers may discontinue their supplies to us, and any inability on our part to procure raw materials from alternate suppliers in a timely fashion, or on terms acceptable us, may adversely affect our operations. 

# **_27. Any inability to accurately manage inventory and forecast demand for particular products in specific markets may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We estimate demand for our products based on projections, our understanding of anticipated consumer spending and inventory levels with our distribution network. If we underestimate demand, we may produce lesser quantities of products than required, which could result in the loss of business. If we overestimate demand, we may purchase more raw materials and produce more products than required, which may also result in locking in of our working capital. In the event of such over-production, we may face difficulties with storage and other inventory management issues before the expiry of the shelf life of our products, which may adversely affect our results of operations and profitability. In addition, even if we are able to arrange for sale of such stock, we cannot ensure that such products are not sold or consumed by consumers subsequent to the expiry of the shelf life, which may lead to health hazards. While we prominently display the shelf life in the packaging of our products, we cannot assure you that we will not face claims for damages or other litigation, if our products are consumed subsequent to expiry of their shelf life. Any or all of these factors could adversely affect our reputation, and consequently our business, prospects and financial performance. 

# **_28. Any disruption in transportation arrangements may adversely affect our results of operations._** 

We rely on third party logistic providers to transport raw milk to our chilling centres and processing plants and our finished products to customers, distributors and a large number of retail outlets. Transportation of raw milk and finished products require specially insulated and refrigerated vehicles. We do not have any long-term arrangement with such third party logistic providers. We may be affected by transport strikes, which may affect our delivery schedules or procurement processes. If we are unable to secure alternate transport arrangements in a timely manner, or at all, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. Raw milk and finished products may be lost, damaged or subject to spoilage and may result in or delivery of products of sub-standard quality, if specific transportation conditions, including specified temperatures, are not maintained by such transportation providers. Any delay in delivery of raw milk and finished products may also affect our business adversely. There are a limited number of such specialized transportation providers and an inability to ensure adequate and appropriate transportation facilities in a timely manner, or at all, could adversely affect our business operations. 

30 

# **_29. There are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company, Directors and Promoters which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

There are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company, Directors and Promoters. These proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribuna ls, enquiry officers and appellate tribunals. Such proceedings could divert management time and attention and consume financial resources in their defence. Further, an adverse judgment in some of these proceedings could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

A summary of the outstanding proceedings involving our Company, Directors and Promoters as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus, to the extent quantifiable, have been set out below: 

# **_Litigation against our Company_** 

|**S. No.**|**Nature of Case**|**Number of outstanding cases**|**Amount involved(in**`**million)**|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|Criminal cases|4|Non-quantifiable|
|2.|Taxation matters|10|293.54|
|3.|Civil cases|2|14.85|
|4.|Outstanding actions initiated by<br>regulatoryand statutoryauthorities|Nil|Nil|
|**_Litigatio_**|**_n by our Company:_**|||
|**S. No.**|**Nature of Case**|**Number of outstanding cases**|**Amount involved(in**`**million)**|
|1.|Criminal cases|4|5.18|
|2.|Civil Cases|1|10.00|
|**_Litigatio_**|**_n against our Directors:_**|||
|**S. No.**|**Nature of Case**|**Number of outstanding cases**|**Amount involved(in**`**million)**|
|1.|Criminal Cases|2|Non-quantifiable|
|**_Litigatio_**|**_n against our Promoters:_**|||
|**S. No.**|**Nature of Case**|**Number of outstanding cases**|**Amount involved(in**`**million)**|
|1.|Criminal Cases|2|Non-quantifiable|
|**_Litigatio_**|**_n against our Subsidiaries_**|||
|**S. No.**|**Nature of Case**|**Number of outstanding cases**|**Amount involved(in US$ million**|
|1.|Civil Cases|1|0.39|



In addition to the cases described above, we have also received 60 notices and intimations from various statutory and regulatory authorities to which we have replied or are in the process of replying. For further details of legal proceedings and notices involving our Company, Directors and Promoters, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” beginning on page 263. 

We cannot provide assurance that these legal proceedings will be decided in our favour. Decisions in such proceedings adverse to our interests may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_30. The loss, shutdown or slowdown of operations at any of our chilling centres and processing plants or the underutilization of any such chilling centres and processing plants may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition_** 

Our business and results of operations are dependent on our ability to effectively plan our procurement and production processes and on our ability to optimally utilize our procurement and production capacities for the various dairy products we process or manufacture. Any disruption to our procurement and production process or the operation of our chilling centres and processing plants may result from various factors beyond our control, including, among others, the following: 

- forced close down or suspension of our chilling centres and production plants due to factors such as breakdown or failure of equipment, performance below expected levels of output or efficiency, facility obsolescence or disrepair, labour disputes such as strikes and work stoppages, natural disasters and industrial accidents; 

- severe weather condition; 

31 

- interruption of our information technology systems that facilitate the management of our production facilities; and 

- • other production or distribution problems, including limitations to production capacity due to regulatory requirements, changes in the types of products produced or physical limitations that could impact continuous supply. 

Although our chilling centres and processing plants have not experienced any material disruption in the past, including on account of COVID-19, there can be no assurance that there will not be any material disruption to our operations in the future. If we fail to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of these events, or to effectively respond t o these events if they occur, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. Further, we depend upon our suppliers and vendors to provide the necessary equipment and services that we need for our continuing operations and maintenance of our facilities, plant and machinery. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to obtain equipment and services on commercially acceptable terms, or at all, or that our vendors will continue to enter into or honour the contracts for their services. Our inability to continue to obtain equipment and enter into contracts with our vendors in a timely manner, or at all, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**_31. Inability to obtain, maintain or renew requisite statutory and regulatory permits and approvals for our business operations could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our Indian operations are subject to extensive government regulation and in respect of our existing operations we are required to obtain and maintain various statutory and regulatory permits, certificates and approvals including approvals under the Foo d Safety and Standards Act, 2006 (the “ **FSSA** ”), Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974, environmental approvals, Legal Metrology Act, 2006, factory licenses and labour and tax related approvals. These safety, health and environmental protection laws and regulations impose controls on air and water discharge, noise levels, storage handling, employee exposure to hazardous substances and other aspects of our production operations. Our African Subsidiaries are subject to extensive government regulation and are required to obtain and maintain various statutory and regulatory permits, certificates and approvals including approvals under the Uganda National Bureau of Standards, Investment License by Uganda Investment Authority for Lakeside Dairy Limited and single business permit and tax registrations for Dodla Dairy Kenya Limited. 

We have made applications for various approvals. There can be no assurance that the relevant authorities will issue such perm its or approvals in time or at all. Failure or delay in obtaining or maintaining or renew the required permits or approv als within applicable time or at all may result in interruption of our operations. Further, the relevant authorities may initiate penal action against us, restrain our operations, impose fines/penalties or initiate legal proceedings for our inability to renew/obtain approvals in a timely manner or at all. Consequently, failure or delay to obtain such approvals could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and profitability. Further, as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have made applications for renewal of certain approvals such as (i) consent under the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 for the Sattenpalle, Andhra Pradesh processing plant; and (ii) obtaining panchayat license for the Batlagundu, Ta mil Nadu processing plant. We are yet to receive the renewed approvals in response to these applications. We are yet to make applications for approvals such as for renewal of (i) consent to operate under the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 and Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981 for the Palacode, Tamil Nadu processing plant; and (ii) NOC from the local Gram Panchayat for the Indragi, Karnataka processing plant. For further details see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 267. 

If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations or failure by us to renew our expired approvals or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties and other punishments under the respective legislations to which such approvals relate to, or suffer disruption in our activities, any of which cou ld adversely affect our business. For further details see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 267. 

Additionally, the financial results of our overseas Subsidiaries may also be affected by changing laws and regulations and po licy changes (such as import and export policies) of the country in which of our overseas Subsidiaries are situated. For instance, with respect to DHPL, changes in government policies with respect to the applicable law governing subsidiaries or holding companies may affect us adversely. Further, LDL currently enjoys certain tax benefits from the Ugandan government due to its export operations. There can be no guarantee that LDL will be able to maintain the level of exports required to keep availing those benefits. Additionally, imports in Kenya, where our Subsidiary DDKL operates are regulated by the government. DDKL has been granted import permits which may vary in the future affecting its profitability. 

We engage various contractors at our processing plants. We cannot assure you that the contractors operating our processing plants will be able to obtain and maintain relevant approvals for continuous operations of such facilities. Failure of the contractors to maintain requisite government approvals may lead to a disruption at our production facilities and consequently in the production and supply of our products and may adversely affect our results of operations. Certain material consents, licenses, registrations, permissions and approvals that are required to be obtained by our Company for undertaking its busine ss have elapsed in their normal course and our Company has either made an application to the relevant Central or State government authorities for renewal of such licenses, consents, registrations, permissions and approvals or is in the process of making such applications. 

32 

**_32. A shortage or non-availability of electricity, firewood, gas or water may adversely affect our processing or manufacturing operations and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our processing plants require a significant amount and continuous supply of electricity, firewood and water and any shortage or non-availability may adversely affect our operations. Particularly, all of our processing plants require a significant amount and continuous supply of electricity and fuel and any shortage or non-availability of electricity and fuel may adversely affect our operations. Additionally, all the boilers at our plants are run on firewood and any shortage in the availability of firewood will adversely affect our operations. Further, our raw materials and our products, being perishable in nature, are required to be stored at specific temperatures, supported by continuous supply of electricity and if supply of electricity is not available for any reason, we will need to rely on alternative sources, which may not be able to consistently meet our requirements in an efficient manner or at an acceptable cost. We depend on state electricity supply for our energy requirements and bore wells for water supply at our facilities. Some of our water supply at our processing plants is met by third party suppliers. For further information, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” beginning on page 267. Any failure on our part to obtain alternate sources of electricity or water, in a timely fashion, and at an acceptable cost, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_33. Any loss of business or potential adverse publicity resulting from spurious or imitation products, could result in loss of goodwill for our products leading to loss of sales, and adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are exposed to the risk that entities in India and elsewhere could pass off their products as our products, including spurious or imitation products. For example, products imitating our brands and packaging material selling spurious products may adversely affect sale of our products, resulting in a decrease in market share resulting from a decrease in demand for our products. Such imitation or spurious products may not only result in loss of sales but also adversely affect the reputation of our prod ucts and consequently our future sales and results of operations. The proliferation of spurious and imitation products in our territories and sub-territories, and the time and resources utilized in taking action against such spurious products, defending claims and complaints regarding these spurious products, and in initiating appropriate legal proceedings against offenders who infringe our intellectual property rights, could result in lower sales, and adversely affect our results of operations and may have a mate rial and adverse effect on our reputation, business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_34. We are dependent on a number of key personnel, including our senior management, and the loss of or our inability to attract or retain such persons could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are highly dependent on our Directors, senior management and other key personnel for setting our strategic business direction and managing our business. Our senior management team and sales team have extensive experience in the dairy industry in India. Our individual Promoter, Managing Director, Dodla Sunil Reddy, our Chairman, Dodla Sesha Reddy and our chief executive officer, Venkat Krishna Reddy Busireddy, have over 22 years of experience each in the dairy industry. We have not obtained any key man insurance with respect to such individuals. Our ability to meet continued success and future business challenges depends on our ability to attract, recruit and retain experienced, talented and skilled professionals. Due to the current limited pool of skilled personnel, competition for senior management, commercial and finance professionals in our industry is intense. The loss of the services of our Directors, senior management or other key personnel or our inability to recru it or train a sufficient number of experienced personnel or our inability to manage the attrition levels in different employee categories may have an adverse effect on our financial results and business prospects. Competition for qualified personnel with relevant industry expertise in India is intense due to the scarcity of qualified individuals in the industry in which we operate. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting skilled employees that our business requires. A loss of the services of our key personnel could adversely affect o ur cash flows, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

**_35. The Indian dairy industry is subject to a number of risks, which inter alia, include cooperatives having an advantage in milk procurement owing to subsidies in certain states, the rising share of Value Added Dairy Products (“VADPs”) and the inability to create adequate processing infrastructure and managing costs of raw materials. Adverse conditions affecting the dairy industry as a whole may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our Company is subject to a number of risks as a result of it being a part of the dairy industry in India. These risks, inter alia, include (i) policies of the GoI and the State governments, and schemes which provide subsidies to cooperatives, favouring them over private dairy companies, (ii) rising share of VADPs owing to changes in dietary patterns of the consumers, (iii) the inability of the industry as a whole to create adequate procurement or processing infrastructure and a wide distribution network , (iv) lack of an optimum combination of product mix, strong branding and high quality of products; (v) volatility in milk prices; (vi) seasonal supply of milk in most parts of India; (vii) sharp rise in MSP of major crops which constitute feed and fodder for cattle and the resultant increase in raw material costs; and (viii)  perishability of products. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing or potential dairy cooperatives or that our business and results of operations 

33 

will not be adversely affected by changes in government policies or changing dietary habits of consumers. For details see “ _Industry Overview_ ” on page 86. 

**_36. A number of our properties are not registered in our name and are located on leased premises. There can be no assurance that these lease agreements will be renewed upon termination or that we will be able to obtain other premises on lease on same or similar commercial terms._** 

A number of our properties including one of our processing plants and 38 out of 94 chilling centres are located on leased premises. Additionally, all our VLCCs are located on leased premises and the analyser sets and technical support as required, is provided by our Company for these VLCCs. These lease agreements may be terminated in accordance with their respective terms, and any termination or non-renewal of such leases may result in increased costs that may accrue as a result of shifting of a particular chilling centre or a VLCC to a different location which could adversely affect our operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to retain or renew such leases on same or similar terms, or that we will find alternate locations for the existing facilities on terms favourable to us, or at all. Failure to identify suitable premises for relocation of existing properties, if required, or in relation to new or proposed properties we may purchase, in time or at all, may have an adverse effect on our production and supply chain, the pace of our projected growth as well as our business and results of operations 

**_37. Our business does not involve long term purchase arrangements and we rely on indents from third-party agents and distributors and franchisees (for our Dodla Retail Parlours) that determine the terms of sales of our products. As a result, our sales may fluctuate significantly as a result of changes in our third-party agents and distributors’ preferences._** 

Our business does not involve long-term purchase agreements and we rely on indents from third-party agents and distributors and franchisees (for our Dodla Retail Parlours). However, indents may be amended or cancelled prior to finalization, and in such event, an amendment or cancellation may take place, and we may be unable to seek compensation for any surplus products that we produce. We have not entered into any agreements with our third-party distribution agents and distributors for distribution of our products and there is no firm commitment on part of our third-party agents and distributors to continue to pass on new purchase orders to us and we may not be able to track their activities including in relation to marketing and selling of products. Any failure to meet our third-party distribution agents and distributors’ and franchisees’ expectation could result in the cancellation or non-renewal of indents. In cases where we have entered into agreements with third-party agents and distributors, such contracts do not bind them to provide us with a specific volume of business and can be terminated by them for cause. Additionally, these third-party agents and distributors also stock products of multiple manufacturers, who could be our competitors. As a result, our sales may fluctuate significantly as a result of changes in our third party agents’ and distributors’ preferences. 

**_38. If we are not able to successfully identify and integrate any future acquisitions, it could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

We evaluate potential acquisition targets from time to time, and we may in the future seek to acquire businesses and assets in order to expand our operations and brand portfolio or to enter new markets. 

Further, in the past we have acquired certain processing plants, chilling centers and a cattle feed manufacturing plant (through our Subsidiary OPL). The completion of acquisitions and, if completed, the successful integration of such newly acquired businesses into our operations may be difficult for a variety of reasons, including differing culture or management styles, poor records or internal controls and difficulty in establishing immediate control over cash flows. As a result, potential future acquisitions pose significant risks to our existing operations, including: 

- additional demands placed on our senior management, who are also responsible for managing our existing operations; 

- increased overall operating complexity of our business, requiring greater personnel and other resources; 

- additional cash expenditures to integrate acquisitions; 

- negative impact on cash flows in the short term; 

- incurrence of additional debt to finance acquisitions and higher debt service costs related thereto; and 

- the need to attract and retain sufficient numbers of qualified ma nagement and other personnel. 

Moreover, when making acquisitions it may not be possible for us to conduct a detailed investigation of the nature of the assets being acquired due to, for example, time constraints in making acquisition decisions and other f actors. We may also become responsible for additional liabilities or obligations not foreseen at the time of an acquisition. Moreover, even if we are su ccessful in integrating newly acquired assets and acquiring additional assets, expected synergies and cost savings may not materialise, resulting in lower than expected benefits from such acquisitions. 

**_39. Stringent food safety, consumer goods, health and safety laws and regulations may result in increased liabilities and increased capital expenditures._** 

34 

Our operations are subject to stringent health and safety laws as our products are for human consumption and are therefore subject to various industry specific regulations. We may also be subject to additional regulatory requirements due to changes in governmental policies. Further, we may also incur additional costs and liabilities related to compliance with these laws and regulations that are an inherent part of our business. We are subject to various central, state and local food safety, consumer goods, health and safety and other laws and regulations. These relate to various issues, including food safety, food ingredients, and food packaging requirements, and the investigation and remediation of contamination. We have in the past paid penalties under the FSSA for substandard quality of milk, curd and SMP. For details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 264. 

These laws and regulations are increasingly becoming stringent and may in the future create substantial compliance or remediation liabilities and costs. These laws may impose liability for non-compliance, regardless of fault. Other laws may require us to investigate and remediate contamination at our facilities and production processes. While we intend to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, it is possible that such compliance may prove restrictive, costly and onerous and an inability to comply with such regulatory requirement may attract penalty. For details see, “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” and “ _Regulations and Policies_ ” beginning on pages 142 and 267, respectively. 

# **_40. Failure to realize anticipated benefits from various initiatives introduced to enhance productivity and improve operating efficiencies may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

Our future success and profitability depend in part on our ability to reduce costs and improve efficiencies. Our productivity initiatives help fund our growth initiatives and contribute to our results of operations. We continue to implement strategic plans that we believe will position our business for future success and long-term growth by enabling us to achieve a lower cost structure and operate more efficiently in the highly competitive dairy industry. In order to capitalize on our cost reduction efforts, it will be necessary to make certain investments in our business, which may be constrained by the amount of capital investments required. In addition, it is critical that we have the appropriate personnel in place to continue to lead and execute our growth strategy. If we are unable to successfully implement our productivity initiatives in a timely manner or at all, do not achieve expected savings as a result of these initiatives or incur higher than expected or unanticipated costs in implementing these initiatives, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely impacted. 

# **_41. Technology failures or advancements could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business operations and financial performance._** 

IT systems are critical to our ability to manage our large production operations and distribution network and in turn, to max imize efficiencies and optimize costs. Our IT systems enable us to coordinate our operations, from planning, production scheduling and raw material ordering, vehicle loading, customer delivery, invoicing, customer relationship management and decision support. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper I T infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, customer service disruptions and, in some instances, lo ss of customers. Our IT systems, and the systems of our third party IT service providers may also be vulnerable t o a variety of interruptions due to events beyond our control, including, but not limited to, natural disasters, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, hackers and other security issues. IT interruptions and system failures could have a material an d adverse effect on our ability to realise the anticipated improvements in productivity and efficiency. 

Additionally, we use advanced technology systems to manage our raw milk procurement, processing as well as distribution operations. A fault in or disruption to our information technology systems could cause disruption to our business. In addition, technological advances from time to time may result in our systems, methods or processing facilities becoming obsolete. Failu re to keep up to date with such changes could result in our competitors having an advantage over us, which could impact negatively upon both our financial performance and our reputation. Any significant upgrade to or replacement of our systems could require considerable capital expenditure, which could affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_42. The emergence of modern trade channels in the form of hypermarkets, supermarkets and online retailers may adversely affect our pricing ability, and result in temporary loss of retail shelf space and disrupt sales of food products, which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition._** 

India has recently witnessed the emergence of hypermarkets, supermarkets and online retailers and the market penetration of large scaled organized retail in India is likely to increase further. While we believe this provides us with an opportunity t o improve our supply chain efficiencies and increase the visibility of our brands, it also increases the negotiating position o f such stores. We cannot assure you that we will be able to negotiate our distribution agreements, specially our pricing or credit provisions, on terms favourable to us, or at all. Any inability to enter into distribution agreements and on terms favourable to us, may have an adverse effect on our pricing and margins, and consequently adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

35 

From time to time, retailers change distribution centers that supply products to some of their retail stores. If a new distribution center has not previously distributed our products in that region, it may take time to get a retailer’s distribution center t o begin distributing new products in its region. Even if a retailer approves the distribution of products in a new region, product sales may decline while the transition in distribution takes place. If we do not get approval to have our products offered in a new distribution region or if getting this approval takes longer than anticipated, our sales and operating results may suffer. 

# **_43. Any delay or default in payments from third party agents, distributors and franchisees could result in the reduction of our profits._** 

All our sales are made through third-party distribution agents and distributors and franchisees (for our Dodla Retail Parlours) and credit extended is included in such sales. Consequently, we face the risk of the uncertainty regarding the receipt of the se outstanding amounts. As a result of such industry conditions, we have and may continue to h ave high levels of outstanding receivables. As at Fiscal 2020 and December 31, 2020, our trade receivables were `72.03 million and `33.92 million respectively. If our third-party distribution agents, distributors and franchisees default in making these payments our profits margins could be adversely affected. 

# **_44. We are subject to several tax regimes. Any failure to comply with such tax laws and any changes in tax laws and rules applicable to us may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition._** 

Taxes and other levies imposed by the GoI or State governments in India that affect our business and operations include income tax, goods and services tax and other additional taxes and surcharges introduced on a permanent or temporary basis from time to time. Our operations, while primarily located in India, are also located in several jurisdictions in Africa and south east Asia. Consequently, we are subject to the jurisdiction of a significant number of tax authorities and regimes. The revenue recorded and income earned in these various jurisdictions are taxed on differing bases, including net income actually earned, net income deemed earned and revenue-based tax withholding. The final determination of our tax liabilities involves the interpretation of local tax laws, tax treaties and related authorities in each jurisdiction as well as the significant use of estimates and assump tions regarding the scope of future operations and results achieved and the timing and nature of income earned and expenditures incurred. These tax liabilities and tax regimes also involve the assessment of transfer pricing arrangements among our Company and its Subsidiaries in different tax jurisdictions. 

Although we enter into arms-length transactions among our Company and its Subsidiaries, there can be no assurance that regulatory and tax authorities in the various jurisdictions that we operate in will not disagree with our assessment of such transactions. Changes in the operating environment, including changes in tax law and currency/repatriation controls, including on a retroactive basis, could impact the determination of our tax liabilities for any given tax year. Foreign income tax retu rns of foreign subsidiaries, unconsolidated affiliates and related entities are routinely exa mined by foreign tax authorities. These tax examinations may result in assessments of additional taxes or penalties or both and have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_45. Our insurance coverage may not be adequate and this may have a material adverse effect on our business financial condition and results of operation._** 

We maintain insurance coverage for key risks relating to our business. While we believe that the amount of our insurance coverage is in line with industry standards, there can be no assurance that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time. In addition, not all risks associated with our operations may be insurable, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Although we believe that we have obtained insurance coverage customary to our business, such insurance may not provide adequate coverage in certain circumstances and is subject to certain deductibles, exclusions and limits on coverage. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage that is not covered by insurance or exceeds ou r insurance coverage, our results of operations and cash flow may be adversely affected. Natural disasters in the future or occurrence of any other event for which we are not adequately or sufficiently insured may cause significant disruption to our operations that could have a material adverse impact on our business and operations. The occurrence of an event for which we are not adequately or sufficiently insured could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial con dition and cash flows. If we are subject to litigation or claims or our operations are interrupted for a sustained period, we cannot assure you that our insurance policies will be adequate to cover the losses that may be incurred as a result of such interruption. For further details on our insurance arrangements, see “ _Our Business– Insurance_ ” on page 141. 

# **_46. We will continue to be controlled by our Promoters and certain members of our Promoter Group after the completion of the Offer._** 

After the completion of the Offer, our Promoters and certain members of our Promoter Group will hold majority of our Equity Shares. As a result, our Promoters and certain members of our Promoter Group will continue to exercise significant control over us, including being able to control the composition of our Board and determine matters requiring shareholder approval or approval of our Board. They may take or block actions with respect to our business, which may conflict with our interests or the interests of our minority shareholders. By exercising their control, our Promoters and certain members of our Promoter 

36 

Group could delay, defer or cause a change of our control or a change in our capital structure, delay, defer or cause a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us, discourage or encourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. We cannot guarantee that our Promoters and Promoter Group will act in our interest while exercising their rights. 

# **_47. Our operations could be adversely affected by strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees or any other kind of disputes with our employees._** 

As of March 31, 2021, we employed 2,551 whole time employees and 2,840 contract employees across our various facilities in India and Africa. Although we have not experienced any major work stoppages due to labour disputes or cessation of work in the recent past, we cannot assure you that we will not experience disruptions in work due to disputes or other problems with our work force, which may adversely affect our ability to continue our business operations. Any labour unrest directed against us, could directly or indirectly prevent or hinder our normal operating activities, and, if not resolved in a timely manner, could lead to disruptions in our operations. These actions are improbable for us to forecast or control and any such event could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_48. We appoint contract labour for carrying out certain of our operations and we may be held responsible for paying the wages of such workers, if the independent contractors through whom such workers are hired default on their obligations, and such obligations could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition._** 

In order to retain flexibility and control costs, our Company appoints independent contractors who in turn engage on -site contract labour for performance of certain of our operations. Although our Company does not engage these labourers directly, we may be held responsible for any wage payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractor. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may ha ve an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, we are also required to ensure compliance with provisions of the Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970, as amended, and we may be required to absorb a number of such contract labourers as permanent employees. Thus, any such order from a regulatory body or court may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_49. Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds of the Offer have not been appraised by a bank or a financial institution and if there are any delays or cost overruns, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

We intend to use the Net Proceeds of the Fresh Issue for the purposes described in “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 71. In the event of the estimated utilisation of the Net Proceeds in a scheduled Fiscal being not undertaken in its entirety, the remain ing Net Proceeds shall be utilised in subsequent Fiscals, as may be decided by our Company, in accordance with applicable laws. Further, if the Net Proceeds are not completely utilised for the objects during the respective periods stated above due to fa ctors such as (i) economic and business conditions; (ii) increased competition; (iii) timely completion of the Offer; (iv) market conditions outside the control of our Company; and (v) any other commercial considerations, the remaining Net Proceeds shall be utilised (in part or full) in subsequent periods as may be determined by our Company, in accordance with applicable laws. Deployment of funds is based on management estimates, current circumstances of our business a nd prevailing market conditions. The deployment of funds has not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. We may have to revise our funding requirements and deployment from time to time on account of various factors, such as financial and market conditions, competition, business and strategy and interest/exchange rate fluctuations and other external factors, which may not be within the control of our management. This may entail rescheduling the proposed utilisation of the Net Proceeds and changing the allocation of funds from its planned allocation at the discretion of our management, subject to compliance with applicable law. Our internal management estimates may exceed fair market value or the value that would have been determined by third party appraisals, which may require us to reschedule or reallocate our project and capital expenditure and may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Further, pending utilization of Net Proceeds towards the Objects of the Offer, our Company will have the flexibility to deploy the Net Proceeds and to deposit the Net Proceeds temporarily in deposits with one or more scheduled commercial banks included in Second Schedule of Reserve Bank of India Act, 1939. Accordingly, prospective investors in the Offer will need to rely upon our management’s judgment with respect to the use of Net Proceeds. 

**_50. Any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds (which includes repayment and/ or pre-payment, in full or part, of certain borrowings availed by our Company from ICICI Bank Limited, Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited and HDFC Bank Limited) or in the terms of any contract as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders’ approval._** 

We propose to utilise the Net Proceeds for repayment/ pre-payment, in full or part, of certain borrowings availed by our Company from ICICI Bank Limited, Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited and HDFC Bank Limited, for capital expenditure and other general corporate purposes. 

37 

Given the nature of our business and due to various uncertainties involved, we may be unable to utilize the Net Proceeds with in the time frame or as per the schedule of deployment that we currently estimate. In the case of increase in actual outlay or shortfall in requisite funds, additional funds for the purpose will be met by means available to us, including internal accru als and additional equity and/or debt arrangements. 

Further, while our management is required to temporarily deposit the Net Proceeds, pending utilization, with Scheduled commercial banks listed in Schedule II of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934, there can be no assurance that we will earn significant interest income on, or that we will not suffer unanticipated diminution in the value of, such temporary deposits. 

For further details of the proposed objects of the Offer, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” beginning on page 71. At this stage, we cannot determine with any certainty if we would require the Net Proceeds to meet any other expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of competitive environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. In accordance with Section 27 of the Companies Act, 2013, we cannot undertake any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds or in the terms of any contract as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus without obtaining the shareholders’ approval through a special resolution. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to undertake variation in the disclosed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain the shareholders’ approval in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such shareholders’ approval may adversely affect our business or operations. 

Further, our Promoters or controlling shareholders would be required to provide an exit opportunity to the shareholders who d o not agree with our proposal to change the objects of the Offer or vary the terms of such contracts, at a price and manner as prescribed by SEBI. Additionally, the requirement on Promoters or controlling shareholders to provide an exit opportunity to such dissenting shareholders may deter the Promoters or controlling shareholders from agreeing to the variation of the proposed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. Further, we cannot assure you that the Promoters or the controlling shareholders of our Company will have adequate resources at their disposal at all times to enable them to provide an exit opportunity at the price prescribed by SEBI. 

In light of these factors, we may not be able to undertake variation of objects of the Offer to use any unutilized proceeds o f the Fresh Issue, if any, or vary the terms of any contract referred to in this Red Herring Prospectus, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. This may restrict our Company’s ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition by re-deploying the unutilised portion of Net Proceeds, if any, or varying the terms of contract, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**_51. We have issued Equity Shares at a price that may be lower than the Offer Price in the last 12 months_** 

We have issued Equity Shares at a price in last 12 months at a price that may be lower than the Offer Price as below: 

|**Date of allotment**|**Number of Equity**<br>**Shares allotted**|**Face**<br>**value**<br>**per**<br>**Equity Share (₹)**|**Issue price**<br>**per Equity**<br>**Share**<br>**(₹)**|**Nature of**<br>**consideration**|**Allottees**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|February 2, 2021|2,652,520|10|377|Cash|International<br>Finance<br>Corporation|



For further information, see _“Capital Structure”_ on page 60. The Offer Price is not indicative of the price that will prevail in the open market following listing of the Equity Shares. 

# **_52. We may not be able to derive the expected benefits of the deployment of the Net Proceeds (which includes repayment and/ or pre-payment, in full or part, of certain borrowings availed by our Company from ICICI Bank Limited, Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited and HDFC Bank Limited), in a timely manner, or at all._** 

Our Company intends to use a certain portion of the Net Proceeds for repayment/ pre-payment, in full or part, of certain borrowings availed by our Company from ICICI Bank Limited, Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited and HDFC Bank Limited, for capital expenditure and other general corporate purposes. We cannot ascertain whether such initiatives will result in increased sales or have an equivalent monetary impact. Our estimates for the proposed expenditure are based on several variables, a significant variation in any one or a combination of which could have an adverse effect . 

The details in this regard have been disclosed in the section entitled “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” beginning on page 71. While the utilisation of Net Proceeds for repayment / prepayment of the borrowings would help us to reduce our cost of debt and enable the utilisation of our funds for further investment in business growth and expansion, these objects will not result in the creation of any tangible assets for our Company. 

38 

**_53. Information relating to our installed capacities and the historical capacity utilization of our processing plants included in this Red Herring Prospectus is based on various assumptions and estimates by the chartered engineer verifying such information and future production and capacity utilization may vary._** 

Information relating to our installed capacities and the historical capacity utilization of our processing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus is based on various assumptions and estimates, including proposed operations, assumptions relating to availability and quality of raw materials and assumptions relating to potential utilization levels and operational efficiencies. While we have obtained a certificate dated June 7, 2021 from Servel Krishna Engineers Private Limited, chartered engineers in relation to such capacities, actual production levels and future capacity utilization rates may vary significantly from the estimated production capacities of our production facilities and historical capacity utilization rates. In addition, capacity utilization is calculated differently in different countries, industries and for the kinds of products we manufacture. Actual utilization rates may differ significantly from the estimated installed capacities or historical estimated capacity utilization information of our facilities. Undue reliance should therefore not be placed on our installed capacity or historical estimated capacity utilization information for our existing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “ _Our Business_ ” on page 134. 

# **_54. We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and value of the Equity Shares._** 

Although we closely follow our exposure to foreign currencies and selectively enter into hedging transactions in an attempt to reduce the risks of currency fluctuations, these activities are not always sufficient to protect us against incurring potential losses if currencies fluctuate significantly. Any such losses on account of foreign exchange fluctuations may adversely affect our results of operations. 

The exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and the USD and other foreign currencies has changed considerably in recent years and may fluctuate substantially in the future. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and other currencies may affect the value of a non-resident investor’s investment in the Equity Shares. 

A non-resident investor may not be able to convert Indian Rupee proceeds into USD or any other currency or the rate at which any such conversion may occur could fluctuate. In addition, our market valuation could be seriously harmed by the devaluation of the Rupee, if United States or other non-resident investors analyze our value based on the USD equivalent of our financial condition and results of operations. 

For historical exchange rate fluctuations, see “ _Certain Conventions, Presentation of Financial, Industry and Market Data_ ” on page 16. 

# **_55. Certain Promoters, Directors and key management personnel hold Equity Shares in our Company and are therefore interested in the Company’s performance in addition to their remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Certain of our Promoters, Directors and KMPs are interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses, to the extent of their shareholding in our Company. We cannot assure you that our Promoters will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. Our Promoters will continue to ex ercise significant control over us, and may take or block actions with respect to our business which may conflict with the best interests of our Company or that of minority shareholders. For details on the interest of our individual Promoters and Directors of our Company, other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or normal remuneration or benefits, see “ _Our Management_ ” on page 165. 

# **_56. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. The declaration and payment of dividends will be recommended by the Board of Directors and approved by the Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act, 2013. Our Company has declared an interim dividend in Fiscal 2020 and has adopted a formal dividend policy. We may retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of the business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. Accordingly, realization of a gain on Shareholders’ investments will depend on the appreciation of the price of the Equity Shares. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will appreciate in value. For details of dividend paid by our Company in the past, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 183. 

39 

**_57. Our brand “Dairy Top” is currently unregistered in India. We have applied for the registration of our brand “Dodla +” in Kenya and we await the Trademark Registry to process the assignment of our brand “KC+”. Until applied for registrations are granted, we may not be able to prevent unauthorised use of such trademarks by third parties, which may lead to the dilution of our goodwill and adversely affect our business._** 

Our brand “Dairy Top” is not registered in India as this mark is currently conflicting with certain registered trademarks in India. Additionally, our brand “Dodla +” under which we market our products in Kenya and Uganda is currently unregistered and we have applied for registering it in Kenya on March 17, 2020. Further, while marks acquired from KC Dairy under the KC Dairy BTA have been assigned to us through assignment deed dated July 6, 2020, they have not been processed by the Trademark Registry. In the event we are not able to obtain registrations due to opposition by third parties or due to administrative de lays or if any injunctive or other adverse order is issued against us in respect of any of our trademarks for which we have applied for registration, we may not be able to avail the legal protection or prevent unauthorised use of such trademarks by third pa rties. 

# **_External Risk Factors_** 

# **_58. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of corporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes, including the instances mentioned below, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. For example: 

- the GAAR became effective from April 1, 2017. While the intent of this legislation is to prevent business arrangements set up with the intent to avoid tax incidence under the Income Tax Act, 1961, certain exemptions have been notified, viz., (i) arrangements where the tax benefit to all parties under an arrangement is less than ₹30 million, (ii) where FIIs have not taken benefit of a double tax avoidance tax treaty under Section 90 or 90A of the Income Tax Act, 1961 and have invested in listed or unlisted securities with SEBI approval, (iii) where a non-resident has made an investment, either direct or indirect, by way of an offshore derivative instrument in an FII. Further, investments made up to March 31, 2017 shall not be subject to GAAR provided that GAAR may apply to any business arrangement pursuant to which tax benefit is obtained on or after April 1, 2017, irrespective of the date on which such arrangement was entered into; 

- the Government of India has implemented a comprehensive national GST regime that combines taxes and levies by the Central and State Governments into a unified rate structure. In this regard, the Constitution (One hundred and first Amendment) Act, 2016 enables the Government of India and state governments to introduce GST. While the Government of India and certain state governments have announced that all committed incentives will be protected following the implementation of the GST, given the limited availability of information in the public domain concerning the GST, we cannot assure you as to this or any other aspect of the tax regime following implementation of the GST. The implementation of this rationalized tax structure may be affected by any disagreement between certain state governments, which may create uncertainty. Any future increases or amendments may affect the overall tax efficiency of companies operating in India and may result in significant additional taxes becoming payable. If, as a result of a particular tax risk materializing, the tax costs associated with certain transactions are greater than anticipated, it could affect the profitability of such transactions; and 

- The Government of India has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2022 which introduced various amendments having an impact across various sectors including the industry in which we operate. We cannot predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Act would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations 

We have not determined the impact of these recent and proposed laws and regulations on our business. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict ou r ability to grow our business in the future. For instance, the Supreme Court of India has in a decision clarified the components of basic wages which need to be considered by companies while making provident fund payments, which resulted in an increase in the provident fund payments to be made by companies. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. Further, if we are affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of such laws and regulations or any related proceedings, or are required to bear any costs in order to comply with such provisions or to defend such proceedings, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected 

**_59. Financial difficulty and other problems in certain financial institutions in India could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

40 

We are exposed to the risks of the Indian financial system which may be affected by the financial difficulties faced by certa in Indian financial institutions whose commercial soundness may be closely related as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships. This risk, which is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk”, may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, banks, securities firms and exchanges with which we interact on a daily basis. Any such difficulties or instability of the Indian financial system in general could create an adverse market perception about Indian financial instit utions and banks and adversely affect our business. In Fiscal 2011, Indian government agencies initiated proceedings against certain financial institutions, alleging bribery in the loans and investment approval process, which impacted market sentiment. Similar developments in the future could negatively impact confidence in the financial sector and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_60. We may be affected by competition laws, the adverse application or interpretation of which could adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, of India, as amended (“ **Competition Act** ”), regulates practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India (“ **AAEC** ”). Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an AAEC is considered void and may result in the imposition of substantial penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirect ly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment o r the provision of services or shares the market or source of production or provision of services in any manner, in cluding by way of allocation of geographical area or number of customers in the relevant market or directly or indirectly results in bid -rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an AAEC and is considered void. The Competition Act also prohibits abu se of a dominant position by any enterprise. 

On March 4, 2011, the Government notified and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to and pre-approved by the Competition Commission of India (the “ **CCI** ”). Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued Competition Commission of India (Procedure for Transaction of Business Relating to Combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. 

The Competition Act aims to, among others, prohibit all agreements and transactions which may have an AAEC in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extraterritorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an AAEC in India. However, the impact of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements entered into by us cannot be predicted with certainty at this stage. However, since we pursue an acquisition driven growth strategy, we may be affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI or if any prohibition or substantial penalties are levied under the Competition Act, it wo uld adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

# **_61. Our business is substantially affected by prevailing economic, political and other prevailing conditions in emerging markets._** 

The Indian economy and capital markets are influenced by economic, political and market conditions in India and globally, including adverse geopolitical conditions such as increased tensions between India and China. We are incorporated in India, and our operations are located in India and other emerging markets across the world. As a result, we are highly dependent on prevailing economic conditions in India and the other emerging markets and our results of operations and cash flows are significantly affected by factors influencing the economy in these countries. Factors that may adversely affect the economy, and hence our results of operations and cash flows, may include: 

- any increase in interest rates or inflation; 

- any exchange rate fluctuations; 

- any scarcity of credit or other financing, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions and scarcity of financing for our expansions; 

- prevailing income conditions among consumers and corporates; 

- volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, the relevant market’s principal stock exchanges; 

- changes in tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies; 

41 

- political instability, terrorism or military conflict in the region or globally, including in various neighbouring countries. For example, the recent unrest on the Indo-China border led to retaliation by India and escalated hostilities between India and China; 

- occurrence of natural or man-made disasters; 

- prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in the relevant country’s principal export markets; 

- any downgrading of debt rating by a domestic or international rating agency; 

- instability in financial markets; and 

- other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India or the emerging markets. 

Further, any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy or the economy of any emerging market, or in spec ific sectors of such economies, could adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_62. It may not be possible for investors outside India to enforce any judgment obtained outside India against our Company or our management or any of our associates or affiliates in India, except by way of a suit in India._** 

Our Company is incorporated as a public limited company under the laws of India and all of our directors and executive officers reside in India, except our Independent Director Ponnavolu Divya who is a resident of the United States of America. Further, certain of our assets, and the assets of our executive officers and directors, may be located in India. As a result, it may b e difficult to effect service of process outside India upon us and our executive officers and directors or to enforce judgments obtained in courts outside India against us or our executive officers and directors, including judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of jurisdictions outside India. 

India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with only a limited number of jurisdictions, which includes the United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong. In order to be enforceable, a judgment from a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the Indian Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 (the “ **Civil Code** ”). The Civil Code only permits the enforcement of monetary decrees, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a de cree from an Indian court. However, the party in whose favour such final judgment is rendered may bring a fresh suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in a non-reciprocating territory within three years of obtaining such final judgment. It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis or to the same extent as was awarded in a final judgment rendered by a court in another jurisdiction if the Indian court believed that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy in India. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered pursuant to the execution of the judgment. 

# **_63. Any adverse change in India’s sovereign credit rating by an international rating agency could adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows._** 

In November 2016, Standard & Poor’s, an international rating agency, reiterated its negative outlook on India’s credit rating. It identified India’s high fiscal deficit and heavy debt burden as the most significant constraints on its rating, and recommended the implementation of reforms and containment of deficits. Standard & Poor’s affirmed its outlook on India’s sovereign debt rating to “stable”, while reaffirming its “BBB-” rating. In May 2017, Fitch, another international rating agency, affirmed India’s sovereign outlook to “stable” and affirmed its rating as “BBB-”. In November 2017 Moody's Investors Service (“ **Moody** ”) upgraded the Sovereign Credit Rating of India to Baa2 from Baa3 and changed the outlook on the rating to stable from positive. On June 1, 2020, Moody’s downgraded India’s sovereign rating to the lowest investment grade and maintained the outlook from stable to negative. This is a result of the pandemic which has exacerbated India’s weak fiscal setting. However, on June 10, 2020, S&P Global affirmed its BBB- long-term sovereign ratings on India with a stable outlook. Prior to the onset of the pandemic, India’s GDP growth slowed on account of existing vulnerabilities such as a weak financial sector and subdued private investment. Going forward, the sovereign ratings outlook will remain dependent on whether the government is able to transition the economy into a high-growth environment, as well as exercise adequate fiscal restraint. Any adverse change in India’s credit ratings by international rating agencies may adversely impact the Indian economy and consequently our business. 

42 

**_64. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions), if they comply with the valuation and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and fall under any of the exceptions specified by the RBI, t hen the RBI’s prior approval is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. Further, in accordance with Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020 issued by the DPIIT and the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Amendment Rules, 2020 which came into effect from April 22, 2020, any investment, subscription, purchase or sale of equity instruments by entities of a country which shares a land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country, will require prior approval of the Government of India, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy and the FEMA Rules. These investment restrictions shall also apply to subscribers of offshore derivative instruments. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. 

# **_65. Natural calamities could have a negative effect on the Indian economy and cause our business to suffer._** 

India has experienced natural calamities such as earthquakes, tsunami, floods and drought in the past few years. The extent a nd severity of these natural disasters determines their effect on the Indian economy. Further prolonged spells of below normal rainfall or other natural calamities in the future could have a negative effect on the Indian economy, adversely affecting ou r business and the price of our Equity Shares. 

# **_Risks in relation to the Offer_** 

**_66. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Indian Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and trading does not guarantee that a market for our Equit y Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book-building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price and liquidity for the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors: 

- volatility in the Indian and other global securities markets; 

- problems such as temporary closure, broker default and settlement delays experienced by the Indian Stock Exchanges; 

- the performance and volatility of the Indian and global economy; 

- financial instability in emerging markets that may lead to loss of investor confidence; 

- risks relating to our business and industry, including those discussed in this Red Herring Prospectus; 

- strategic actions by us or our competitors; 

- investor perception of the investment opportunity associated with our Equity Shares and our future performance; 

- future sales of our Equity Shares; 

- variations in our quarterly results of operations or cash flows; 

- differences between our actual financial and operating results and those expected by investors and analysts; 

- our future expansion plans; 

- changes in the estimates of our performance or recommendations by financial analysts; 

43 

- significant developments in India’s economic liberalisation and deregulation policies; and 

- significant developments in India’s fiscal and environmental regulations. 

There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past, and our Equity Share price could fluctuate significantly as a result of market volatility. A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

# **_67. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after Bid/Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to block the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Similarly, Retail Individual Investors can revise or withdraw their Bids at any time during the Bid/Offer Period and until the Bid/Offer Closing Date, but not thereafter. Therefore, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors will not be able to withdraw or lower their Bids following adverse developments in international or national moneta ry policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or otherwise at any stage after the submission of their Bids. 

# **_68. You may not be able to immediately sell any of the Equity Shares you subscribe to in this Offer on an Indian Stock Exchange._** 

The Equity Shares are proposed to be listed on the Stock Exchanges. In accordance with Indian law and practice, permission for listing of the Equity Shares will not be granted until after the Equity Shares in this Offer have been Allotted and submission of all other relevant documents authorising the issuing of the Equity Shares. There could be failure or delays in listing the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Further, pursuant to Indian regulations, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and commence trading. Investors’ “demat” accounts with Depository Participants are expected to be credited within three Working Days of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is finalized with the Designated Stock Exchange. Thereafter, upon receipt of listing and trading approval from the Stock Exchanges, trading in the Equity Shares is expected to commence within six Working Days from Bid/ Offer Closing Date. 

# **_69. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares preemptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percenta ges before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction the investors are located in do not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent tha t the investors are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in us would be reduced. 

# **_70. Any future issuance of Equity Shares may dilute your shareholding and sales of the Equity Shares by our major shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth, whether organic or inorganic, through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in us. Any future issuances of Equity Shares or the disposal of Equity Shares by our major shareholders or the perception that such issuance or sales may occur, including to comply with the minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of the Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that the shareholders will not dispose of the Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of your investment in the Equity Shares. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of the Equity Shares. 

**_71. We will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. The Selling Shareholders will receive the entire proceeds from the Offer for Sale._** 

44 

This Offer includes a Fresh Issue and an Offer for Sale of Equity Shares by the Selling Shareholders. While our Company will receive the entire proceeds from the Fresh Issue, the entire proceeds from the Offer for Sale will only be paid to the Selling Shareholders and we will not receive any such proceeds. For further details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” and “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on pages 59 and 69, respectively. 

# **_72. Rights of shareholders of companies under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Our Articles of Association, composition of our Board, Indian laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive and wide-spread as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

**_73. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares. The Income Tax Act levies taxes on long-term capital gains exceeding ₹100,000 arising from sale of equity shares on or after April 1, 2018, while there is no tax charged on unrealized capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on equity shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. The Income Tax Act levies taxes on such long-term capital gains exceeding ₹100,000 arising from sale of equity shares on or after April 1, 2018, while continuing to exempt the unrealized capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on such equity shares subject to specific conditions. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of longterm capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of a securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. Any gain realized on the sale of Equity Shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold other than on a recognized stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, will be subject to long term capital gains tax in India. 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India ’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

The Government of India has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2022 and the Finance Bill, 2021 (“ **Finance Bill** ”) has been introduced in the Lok Sabha on February 1, 2021. The Finance Bill is scheduled to be passed in the ongoing budget session of the Parliament. There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. We cannot predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Act would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. For instance, the Supreme Court of India has in a decision clarified the components of basic wages which need to be considered by companies while making provident fund payments, which resulted in an increase in the provident fund payments to be made by companies. Any such decisions in future or any further changes in interpretation of laws may have an impact on our results of operations. 

Earlier, the Finance Act, 2019, had clarified that in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability t o pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. These provisions have been notified with effect from July 1, 2020. 

As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act may have on our Company’s business and operations. Further, our Company cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_74. Government regulation of foreign ownership of Indian securities may have an adverse effect on the price of the Equity Shares._** 

Foreign ownership of Indian securities is subject to government regulation. In accordance with foreign exchange regulations currently in effect in India, under certain circumstances the RBI must approve the sale of the Equity Shares from a non -resident of India to a resident of India or vice-versa if the sale does not meet certain requirements specified by the RBI. Additionally, 

45 

any person who seeks to convert the Rupee proceeds from any such sale into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India is required to obtain a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. As provided in the foreign exchange controls currently in effect in India, the RBI has provided that the price at which the Equity Shares are transferred be calculated in accordance with internationally accepted pricing methodology for the valuation of shares at an arm’s length basis, and a higher (or lower, as applicable) price per share may not be permitted. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other government agency can be obtained on terms favourable to a non -resident investor in a timely manner or at all. Because of possible delays in obtaining requisite approvals, investors in the Equity Shares may be prevented from realizing gains during periods of price increase or limiting losses during periods of price decline. 

# **_75. A third party could be prevented from acquiring control of our Company because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian law._** 

There are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company, even if a change in control would result in the purchase of your Equity Shares at a premium to the market price or would otherwise be beneficial to you. Such provisions may discourage or prevent certain types of transactions involving actual or threatened change in control of our Company. Under the Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to its stakeholders, it is possible that such a takeover would not be attempted or consummated because of the Indian takeover regulations. 

46 

