# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares._ 

_The risks described in this section are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares but also includes the industry and segments in which we currently operate or propose to operate. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If any of the following risks, or a combination of risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial, actually occur, our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. To obtain a complete understanding of our Company, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Industry Overview”, “Our Business”, and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 90, 123 and 239, respectively of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, as well as the financial, statistical and other information contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. The COVID-19 pandemic could adversely affect our business and financial results and could heighten / exacerbate other risks described in this section. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in our Equity Shares._ 

_Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Draft Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For details, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 18._ 

_Unless stated or, the context requires, otherwise, the financial information of our Company has been derived from the Restated Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the report titled Aviation Lounge Market dated December 17, 2021 prepared and issued by Frost & Sullivan (India) Private Limited (_ **_F&S Report_** _) and commissioned and paid for by the Company. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the F&S Report and included herein with respect to any particular year, refers to such information for the relevant year._ 

_Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section._ 

# **_Internal Risk Factors_** 

**1.** **_Our success is dependent on our long-term relationship with card networks and card issuer financial institutions. This exposes us to risk emanating from the inability to retain our established card networks and card issuer companies as our clients._** 

We currently provide services to all the Card Networks operating in India including Visa, Mastercard, Diners/Discover and RuPay, and many of India’s prominent Card Issuers including ICICI Bank Limited, Axis Bank Limited, Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited, HDFC Bank Limited (in respect of debit card lounge program) and SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited. 

Our business operations are substantially reliant on Card Networks and Card Issuer companies. In the 6 month period ended September 30, 2021, and during Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020, and Fiscal 2019, Card Networks and, Card Issuers, cumulatively, contributed 98.85%, 99.29%, 98.88% and 98.40%, respectively, of our total revenue from operations. In the 6 month period ended September 30, 2021, Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020, and Fiscal 2019, our revenue from the Card Networks was ₹ 504.80 million, ₹ 621.71 million, ₹ 2440.76 million and ₹ 1998.49 million, constituting 59.35%, 58.86%, 66.50% and 80.49%, respectively, of our total consolidated revenues from operations. Moreover, during the September 30, 2021, Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020, and Fiscal 2019, our revenue from Card Issuer companies was ₹ 336.02 million, ₹ 427.12 million, ₹ 1188.71 million and ₹ 444.71 million, constituting 39.50%, 40.43%, 32.39% and 17.91%, respectively, of our total consolidated revenues from operations. 

26 

The average duration of our contracts with Card Networks and Card Issuers is 4 years and 2 months. Our business, results from operations, and financial conditions are heavily dependent on our retaining these contracts with Card Networks and Card Issuers. If we are unable to retain these contracts with Card Networks and Card Issuer or renew / negotiate the contracts with Card Networks and Card Issuer on commercially viable terms then it could have an adverse impact on our margins, and consequently, profitability. 

# **2.** **_Our success is also dependent on our relationship with airport lounge operators and other airport services providers. This exposes us to risk emanating from the inability to retain our established operators and other airport service providers for the Services._** 

We have entered into contracts with airport lounge operators and other airport services providers for various airport related services such as (i) lounge access, (ii) food and beverage offerings (iii) spa services, (iv) meet and assist, (v), airport transfer services (vi) transit hotels /nap room access, and (vii) baggage transfer (collectively, the **Services** ). We facilitate access to these Services to the Consumers through our contractual arrangements with disparate service providers. 

As at December 31, 2021, we had contractual arrangements with over 17 lounge Operators for providing lounge access to the Consumers across 50 lounges currently operational in India and at 1,259 Touch-points, including these lounges, in 121 countries across the world including India. Our revenues from lounge access related airport services contributed a vast majority of our revenues from operations during the 6 month period ended September 30, 2021, Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019, contributing ₹ 830.64 million, ₹ 1,027.28 million, ₹ 3,627.22 million and ₹ 2,465.43 million constituting 97.65%, 97.25%, 98.82% and 99.30%, respectively, of our total consolidated revenue from operations. Our ability to continue our association with lounge operators is, therefore, critical to our operations. We are seeking to broad-base our revenue source by facilitating access to other Services, in addition to lounge access. 

Further, certain lounge operators provide lounge access service across multiple airports at various cities. Except for a few airports in larger cities like New Delhi, Mumbai and Chennai, most airports have only one lounge or the lounges in an airport are all operated by same operator. If we are unable to timely renew our contract with such operators or if our relationship with a lounge operator or with multiple lounge operators is adversely affected, we will be unable to provide Consumers access to a particular airport or airports with lounges operated by such operator. This, in addition to affecting our revenues and profitability, could also have an adverse impact on our leverage with our Clients. Further, if we are unable to provide access to the larger airports, our relationship with our Clients could be adversely affected which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and financial condition. Further, we earn our revenue out of each program we offer to our Card Networks and Card Issuers on a ‘per Pax’ basis i.e., the number of unique times passengers’ avail of the Services, and such ‘per Pax’ price is pre-negotiated and there in no certainty that we will continue to maintain similar pricing in future. 

Our ability to facilitate access to these Services to Consumers, and, consequently, our business operations are directly linked to our ability to (i) timely renewing our existing contracts; and (ii) enter into fresh contracts with lounge Operators and other service providers, as and when a new opportunity arises. The average duration of our contracts with Operators in India is 3 years and 9 months. If we are unable to retain these contracts with Operators or renew/ negotiate these contracts on commercially beneficial terms then it could have an adverse impact on our margins, and consequently, profitability. 

# **3.** **_Our operations are heavily dependent on the travel industry, in general, and on the air travel industry, in particular._** 

We are a dominant player in India's lounge access aggregator industry leveraging a technology driven platform facilitating an enhanced airport experience to passengers. ( _Source: F&S Report_ ). Almost all our revenue is derived directly from the use of the various Services at airports by passengers. We are, therefore, inordinately reliant on the air travel industry for our business. During the 6 month period ended September 30, 2021 and Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, 100% of our revenue from operations was from the air travel industry. The air travel industry has, in the recent past, been buffeted by the COVID-19 pandemic which has adversely impacted our operations. Further, the travel industry is also generally affected by various factors such as increase in the fuel price, government policies applicable, in particular, to the airline industry, failure of airlines etc. Accordingly, any downturn in the travel industry, in general, and in the air travel industry, in particular, could adversely impact our results of operations and our financial condition. 

27 

# **4.** **_COVID-19 has had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on the travel industry and consequently have a potential impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

In the first half of calendar year 2020, COVID-19 spread to a majority of countries across the world, including India. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, significant repercussions across local, national and global economies and financial markets 

The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has been felt on a global scale and public health officials and governmental authorities across the world have adopted different measures including imposing nationwide or location specific quarantines, prohibiting people from assembling in heavily populated areas, restricting travel, issuing lock-down order, and imposing remote working regulations. These measures have led to a significant decline in economic activities across sectors and, in particular, on the travel industry on which we are heavily dependent. The outbreak of COVID-19 was recognized as a public health emergency of international concern on January 30, 2020, and as a pandemic by the World Health Organisation on March 11, 2020. On March 14, 2020, India declared COVID-19 as a “notified disaster” and imposed a nationwide lockdown beginning March 25, 2020. With the resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic in April 2021, the lockdowns were imposed in various parts of India. While the lockdown currently does not remain in force in most states, as a result of the detection of new strains and subsequent waves of COVID-19 pandemic in several states in India as well as throughout various parts of the world, for example, the B.1.1.529 (Omicron) variant, lockdown restrictions may be re-introduced. In case the lockdown is reintroduced, it could result in subdued growth or give rise to a recessionary economic scenario, in India and globally, which could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

The scope, duration, and frequency of such measures and the adverse effects of COVID-19 remain uncertain and could be severe. The mutation of the virus has resulted in the emergence of new variants which has exacerbated the risk and caused sudden and rapid increase in cases and deaths. While governmental authorities and public health officials have reacted and are reacting to the pandemic there is no certainty on when ‘normalcy’ can be expected. Further, given the rapid spread of COVID-19 and its evolving nature, it is, currently, difficult to accurately assess its impact on our business and financial condition. Moreover, if the impact of COVID-19 is prolonged or more severe than anticipated we may face a deleterious impact on our business. To the extent the current COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our Company, it may also exacerbate the other risks impacting our business and results of operations. Further, if the measures adopted and undertaken by governmental authorities fail, or if vaccinations are not administered as planned or if additional or booster doses of the vaccine are required, and not available, there could a significant adverse impact on the Indian (and global) economy and, in particular, the travel industry. 

Our business is heavily reliant on the travel industry and an adverse impact on the industry will have an adverse impact on our business and financial condition. For instance, while our revenues from operations grew by 47.83% from ₹ 2,482.81 million in Fiscal 2019 to ₹ 3,670.43 million in Fiscal 2020, they declined by 71.22% to ₹ 1,056.33 million in Fiscal 2021, when we faced the maximum adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. If the COVID19 pandemic continues or if the situation worsens, our business and financial condition could be materially adversely impacted. 

# **5.** **_We are heavily reliant on a few Clients, and we derive a significant part of our revenue from lounge access related services and from select Clients._** 

Our revenues from lounge access related airport services contributed a vast majority of our revenues from operations during the 6 month period ended September 30, 2021, Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019, contributing ₹ 830.64 million, ₹ 1,027.28 million, ₹ 3,627.22 million and ₹ 2,465.43 million constituting 97.65%, 97.25%, 98.82% and 99.30%, respectively, of our revenue from operations. While with the introduction of newer Services our dependence of the lounge business may reduce over time, any adverse impact on the lounge business will continue to have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial conditions. 

Of the aforementioned revenue from operations, the top 10 Clients contributed ₹ 832.46 million, ₹ 1046.89 million, ₹ 3641.11 million and ₹ 2470.11 million, comprising 97.87%, 99.11%, 99.20% and 99.49%, respectively, during the 6 month period ended September 30, 2021, Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019 of our revenues from operations. Further, our top 5 customers contributed ₹ 701.44 million, ₹ 908.18 million, ₹ 3192.07 million and ₹ 2287.91 million, comprising 82.46%, 85.98%, 86.97% and 92.15%, respectively, during the 6 month period ended September 30, 2021, Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019 of our revenues from operations. 

We expect that we will continue to be heavily reliant on a select group of Clients for lounge related services for the foreseeable future. If we are unable to reduce our dependence on a few select Clients, our operations will continue to be intrinsically linked to continuance of these relationships. Accordingly, any failure to retain these 

28 

Clients and/or negotiate terms that are commercially viable, with these select Clients, could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **6.** **_We are heavily dependent on the Cards that are in circulation and on issuance of new credit cards and debit cards._** 

While Consumers can avail of the Services facilitated by us through either Card Based transactions or through digital access, we are heavily dependent on Consumers using credit card or debit card to avail the Services. Out of an estimated 7.5 million passengers using lounges in India more than 80% passengers use credit cards or debit cards to access domestic lounges. ( _Source: F&S Report_ ) 

Usage of credit cards and debit cards in India and the discretionary spending capacity of the Consumers are dependent on a number of factors such as general macroeconomic conditions, unemployment levels, interest rates, credit risks, availability of discretionary income, consumer confidence and any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy. In the aftermath of the cancellation of the legal tender character of old ₹ 500 and ₹ 1,000 notes in 2016 ( **Demonetisation** ), the Government of India introduced a package for promotion of digital and cashless economy _(Source: cashlessindia.gov.in)_ which saw an increase in the use of digital modes of payment. Growth in alternative payment options such as mobile payment platforms may also affect usage of credit cards and debit cards. Further, while the usage of currency notes fell in the immediate aftermath of Demonetisation (the value of currency notes in circulation decreased by 20.00% as at end-March 2017; _Source: RBI Annual Report 2016-17_ ), the value of banknotes in circulation has since increased and in Fiscal 2021 the value of currency notes in circulation increased by 16.80%. In addition, the number of Card Based transactions fell from 7,238 million transactions aggregating ₹ 143,881,400 million in Fiscal 2020 to 5,784 million transactions aggregating ₹ 129,382,200 million in Fiscal 2021 _(Source: RBI Annual Report dated 2020-21)_ . Continuing increase in cash spending coupled with digital transactions including UPI could impact the relevance of credit cards and debit cards. These factors could adversely affect consumer behaviour in terms of usage of credit cards or debit cards and could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **7.** **_Potential saturation of Indian markets and requirement of expansion in global markets._** 

While we are dominant player in India with a share of over 95% of all India issued credit card and debit card access to airport lounges in Fiscal 2020 ( _Source: F&S Report_ ), we believe that there is significant scope to augment our service offerings to Card Networks and Card Issuers. Despite our growth plans, saturation of Indian markets may have an adverse effect on our growth prospects, business, financial condition, and results of operations and require us to significantly expand to global markets. The number of airports in India has grown from 99 operational airports in Fiscal 2018 to 125 operational airports in Fiscal 2020 at a CAGR of 12.37%, and during the same time the number of passengers accessing the lounges is estimated to have grown from 5.1 million to 7.5 million at a CAGR of 21.27% ( _Source: F&S Report_ ). If new airports are not established consistently in India, if such airports do not have lounges or if we are unable to establish our presence in such airports and lounges, our ability to grow our business could be hampered. Further, airports in India, may also be constrained by a lack of space for establishing new / expanding existing, lounges, which has been a key challenge for airports to expand lounge area in the airports ( _Source: F&S Report_ ), which will also impede our growth. 

Our advent in the international arena is more recent, and we provide access to lounges at global airports including lounges in New York, London, Paris, Dubai, Singapore and Bangkok. We intend to expand our footprint gradually to different geographies like CEMEA (Central and Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa) and South East Asia by replicating our business model in India across such geographies. In the international arena, we compete with global operators who are already well entrenched, may have a significantly larger size of operations and, consequently, may benefit from economies of scale. Our success will depend on our ability to break the hegemony of entrenched operators. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete or expand in the global markets and failure to do so may have an adverse effect on our growth aspects, business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

# **8.** **_Any inability to compete effectively may lead to a lower market share or reduced operating margins._** 

Currently, we are a dominant player in the industry in which we operate, in India. There are currently limited operators of our scale who provide similar services. However, we face competition from large global players such as Priority Pass who have significant experience. Our business, prospects, financial results and financial condition could be adversely affected if our competitors gain significant market share at our expense. Further, any consolidation amongst our competitors could have an impact on the level of competition. Moreover, in the international arena, we compete with global operators who are already well entrenched, may have a significantly larger size of operations and, consequently, may benefit from economies of scale. Further, our advent in the 

29 

international arena, is more recent, and our success will depend on our ability to break the hegemony of entrenched operators. 

Further, only a limited number of our contracts with lounge Operators and other service providers are exclusive, and, consequently, Operators without exclusivity could enter into similar arrangements with our competitors. Further, a vast majority of our contracts with our Clients are also on a non-exclusive basis and the Clients could select our competitors, or tie up with lounge providers directly, at time of contract renewal. If we are unable to retain our Clients or our contracts with lounge Operators and other service providers, or retain our exclusive contracts, our competitors could benefit significantly and pose a threat to our business and results of operations. There can be no assurance that we can continue to effectively compete with our competitors in the future, and failure to compete effectively may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

# **9.** **_Adverse order, monetary penalty or proscription against Card Networks and Card Issuer may impact our business operations, financial condition, and results of operations._** 

We currently provide services to all the Card Networks operating in India including Visa, Mastercard, Diners/Discover and RuPay, and many of India’s prominent Card Issuers including ICICI Bank Limited, Axis Bank Limited, Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited, HDFC Bank Limited (in respect of debit card lounge program) and SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited. 

The card networks and card issuer financial institutions are highly regulated and are subject to stringent regulatory requirements in India. In the past, the RBI has taken actions against card networks and card issuers including imposing monetary penalty, prohibiting card networks and card issuers from on-boarding new clients, or issuing new credit cards. For instance, (i) in July 2021, the RBI proscribed Mastercard from on-boarding new domestic customers onto its card network; (ii) in December 2020, the RBI proscribed HDFC Bank Limited from sourcing new credit card customers; and (iii) in March 2020, RBI imposed a moratorium on Yes Bank _inter alia_ prohibiting Yes Bank from accepting deposits or making payment to creditors for an amount exceeding ₹ 0.05 million without approval from the RBI. Any adverse order, monetary penalty or such proscription on our card networks and card issuer Clients may have an adverse impact on our business operations, financial condition, and results of operations. Therefore, any long-term penalties or restrictions, on the operations of one or more of our prominent Clients, which have a bearing on our business, could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, any systemic risk which impacts the banking and financial services industry in India and more particularly card networks and card issuers may impact our business operations and financial conditions. 

# **10.** **_Threat of airport lounge operators forward integrating and tying up directly with card networks and card issuers themselves which will directly impact our business._** 

In India, the airports are operated by both public and private players. A large number of airports in India are operated by the Airports Authority of India. However, the Government of India has undertaken a major asset monetizing exercise, i.e. the privatization of 13 airports. Currently, the Airports Authority of India has approved the privatization of 6 major airports including Amritsar, Bhubaneshwar and Varanasi. ( _Source: F&S Report_ ) Additionally, a large number of airports are operated by private players. In case any existing or new lounge operator establishes direct partnerships, this would have an adverse impact on our results of transactions and financials. If these private airport operators, or the Airport Authority of India, forward integrate and establish their own lounges, the operations of the lounge operators with whom we have established a relationship may be adversely affected. This, in turn, could have an adverse impact on our operations. Further, if we are unable to build a bridge between our Clients and such potential new operators, it may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 

# **11.** **_We have incurred losses in the past. Any losses in future could adversely affect our operations, financial condition, and the trading price of our Equity Shares._** 

Our business operations suffered disruptions in the period between March 2020 and March 2021, due to COVID19 related lockdowns. For instance, in Fiscal 2021, when, we believe, maximum impact of the COVID-19 pandemic was felt, our revenues from operations declined by over 71%. However, with gradual ease in travel restrictions our revenue from operations recovered to ₹ 850.60 million in the 6 month period ended September 30, 2021, when compared to our revenue from operations in Fiscal 2021 of ₹ 1,056.33 million. As per our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements, we have incurred losses during Fiscal 2021 as set out below: 

30 

|||||_(in_₹ million_)_|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**6 month**<br>**period ended**<br>**September 30,**<br>**2021**|**2021**|**Fiscal**<br>**2020**|**2019**|
|Profit / (loss) after tax|11.10|(14.50)|316.83|152.71|



For further details, see _“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Results of Operations – Fiscal 2021 compared to Fiscal 2020”_ on page 247. 

In accordance with the Companies Act, 2013 and our dividend policy, dividend may be distributed only from profits generated in any Fiscal. Accordingly, our Company will not be able to distribute dividends in any Fiscal in which it incurs a loss. Further losses, if any, in future, could adversely impact our operations, financial condition and the trading price of our Equity Shares. For further details on our dividend policy, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 180. 

# **12.** **_Our business depends substantially on our Promoters, Key Managerial Personnel and persons with technical expertise. Failure to retain or replace them will adversely affect our business._** 

In order to successfully manage and expand our business, we are significantly dependent on the services of our Promoters and Key Managerial Personnel, and our ability to attract, train, motivate and retain skilled employees and other professionals. In addition, our success depends largely on the continued services of our Promoter, and Chairperson and Managing Director, i.e. Liberatha Peter Kallat. Liberatha’s deep understanding of the industry and her direct involvement with key Clients and operators forms the bed-rock of our business relationships. Therefore, her continued involvement in the leadership position of our Company is critical to our success and her non-availability in a leadership role could have a deleterious impact on our business and financial conditions. 

If we are unable to hire additional personnel or retain existing qualified personnel, and persons with requisite skills, our operations and our ability to expand our business may be impaired. Further, we may be unable to hire and retain enough skilled and experienced employees to replace those who leave or may not be able to re-deploy existing resources successfully. Failure to hire or retain Key Managerial Personnel and skilled and experienced employees could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

# **13.** **_Some of our Client contracts have provisions which may require us to indemnify the Operators for the Services that we provide._** 

Some of our Client contracts have provisions pursuant to which we may be required to indemnify the Operators for any damages from any claims arising out of or in relation to the Services that we provide. In some of our contracts the indemnity amount may not be capped. While no indemnity claim has been made against us during the 6 month period ended September 30, 2021 and Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019, we may be required to defend any claims for indemnification which may prove to be costly and, or, unsuccessful. If we are required to expend monies towards defending such indemnity claims or making payments of the indemnity claims then it may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

# **14.** **_Regulatory, legislative or self-regulatory developments regarding privacy and data security matters could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and impact our financial condition._** 

Several domestic and international laws and regulations address privacy and the collection, storing, sharing, use, disclosure, and protection of certain types of data. These laws, rules, and regulations evolve frequently, and their scope may continually change, through new legislation, amendments to existing legislation, and changes in enforcement. 

As part of our operations, we are required to comply with the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the rules thereof, which provide for civil and criminal liability including compensation, fines, and imprisonment for various offences. These include offences relating to unauthorized access to computer systems, damaging such systems or modifying their contents without authorization, unauthorized disclosure of confidential information and commission of fraudulent acts through computers. In April 2011, the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology notified the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011 ( **IT Personal Data Protection Rules** ) under Section 43A of the Information Technology Act, 2000 and again in February 2021 notified the Information Technology 

31 

(Intermediary Guidelines and Digital Media Ethics Code) Rules, 2021 ( **Intermediary Guidelines** ) under Section 87 of the Information Technology Act, 2000. The IT Personal Data Protection Rules prescribe directions for the collection, disclosure, transfer, and protection of sensitive personal data. Our Company has put in place ‘Data Privacy Policy’, which enshrines privacy principles to protect the rights and the privacy of our Clients and Consumer, and to comply with applicable privacy and data protection laws. However, our failure to adhere to or successfully protect the privacy of our Clients and Consumers could result in legal liability or impairment to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Additionally, many laws and regulations relating to privacy and the collection, storing, sharing, use, disclosure, and protection of certain types of data are subject to varying degrees of enforcement and new and changing interpretations by courts or regulators. Changes in laws or regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security, particularly any new or modified laws or regulations, or changes to the interpretation or enforcement of such laws or regulations, that require enhanced protection of certain types of data or new obligations with regard to data retention, transfer, or disclosure, could increase our operating expenses and have an adverse impact on our financial condition. 

# **15.** **_Damage to, or any failure of, our information technology systems or cyber-attacks or system security risks may affect our ability to access our data and information in a timely manner, or at all, and could adversely impact our business._** 

Information technology plays an important role in our business operations by assisting us in conducting our business activities, managing risks, implementing our internal control system and monitoring our business operations. We believe that the success of our business is predicated on strong technological focus and our technology platform helps us in maintaining high margins. We leverage our configuration-driven extendible platform with solution templates for flexibility, reliability and customization, to provide solutions for multiple access models. Our technology platform also assists in our improving service standards. Although we believe that we have effective backup systems in place, including but not limited to cloud storage agreements, any partial or complete disruption of our information technology systems may adversely impact our business and the result of our operations. Further, our information technology infrastructure, or parts of it, may also experience interruptions, delays or cessations of service or produce errors from time to time. Such disruption, partial or complete, could adversely interrupt services that we provide and could adversely affect our business reputation and results of operation. 

Although, we have not experienced any cyber security threat in the past, we cannot assure you that our Company and our Clients will not face any cyber security threat, threats to their information technology infrastructure and, or, attempt to gain access to information of our Company, sensitive or otherwise. Any viruses, worms, malicious applications, unauthorized penetration of our network security and other security problems caused by unauthorised access to, or improper use of, systems by our employees or third-party vendors may jeopardise the security of information of our Clients and Consumers. Breaches of security measures in the infrastructure system, could expose us, our Clients and/or our Consumers to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, resulting in litigation and potential liability for us and damage to our business and reputation and loss of existing or potential Clients or Consumers. Actual or perceived concerns that our technology solutions and products may be vulnerable to such attacks or disruptions may result in negative publicity. The cost and operational consequences of implementing additional data protection measures could be significant. Moreover, even if we anticipate these breaches, we may not be able to counteract these cyber-attacks in time to prevent them. 

In addition, the proprietary data of our Company, our Client’s and the Consumers, stored electronically, may also be vulnerable to viruses, malware, cybercrime, computer hacking and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering. If such unauthorized use of our systems were to occur, our proprietary information could be compromised. The occurrence of any of these events could adversely affect our business, interrupt our operations, subject us to increased operating costs and expose us to litigation. 

# **16.** **_While certain of our trademarks used by us for our business are registered, any inability to protect our intellectual property including our proprietary technology, which is not registered as an intellectual property right, may be subject to theft, third party infringement or sabotage which may have an adverse impact on our business, reputation and our operations._** 

We believe that our robust proprietary technology platform has been one of the instrumental factors in attracting prominent new clients. Our proprietary technology platform provides real time access to Customer benefits and usage data which enables Clients to check, on our platform, the eligibility of Customers to the Services. Our proprietary technology is not registered as an intellectual property right and may be subject to unauthorized third parties, including our competitors, duplicating, mimicking, reverse engineering, accessing, obtaining, or use the 

32 

proprietary aspects of our technology, processes or services without our permission. In addition, our proprietary technology may be subject to theft, misappropriation, sabotage or intentional acts of vandalism, including by our own employees, all of which may impact our ability to provide secure access to, or use, our proprietary technology, which would have an adverse impact on our business operations and reputation. 

# **17.** **_Our Company has not paid dividends in the last 3 Fiscals and during the 6 month period ended September 30, 2021. There can be no assurance that our Company will be in a position to pay dividends in the future._** 

Our Company has not paid any dividend on its Equity Shares during the preceding 3 Fiscals and the 6 month period ended September 30, 2021. Our Company’s ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon a variety of factors, including the earnings, general financial conditions, capital requirements, results of operations, contractual obligations and overall financial position, applicable Indian legal restrictions, the Articles of Association and other factors considered relevant by the Board of Directors of our Company. Further, our Promoters will continue to hold a significant portion of our post-Offer paid-up Equity Share Capital and will have a significant ability to control the payment and/or the rate of dividends. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Company will be able to declare dividends of any particular amount or with any frequency in the future. For further details, please refer to “ _Dividend Policy_ ” beginning on page 180. 

# **18.** **_Our Promoters will, even after the culmination of this Offer, continue to be our largest Shareholders and can influence the outcome of resolutions, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the other Equity Shareholders._** 

Currently, our Promoters hold 100.00% of the paid-up-Equity Share Capital of our Company, and they will continue to hold a significant percentage of our Equity Share Capital after the completion of this Offer. Our Promoters, therefore, will have the ability to significantly influence our corporate decision-making process. This will include the ability to appoint Directors on our Board and the right to approve significant actions at the Board and at the Shareholders’ meetings, including the issue of Equity Shares and dividend payments, business plans, mergers and acquisitions, any consolidation or joint venture arrangements, any amendment to the constitutional documents. We cannot assure you that our Promoter’s interests in any such scenario will not conflict with the interest of other Shareholders or with our interests. Any such conflict may adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy or to operate our business effectively or in the best interests of the other Shareholders of our Company. 

# **19.** **_We may be unable to enforce our rights under some of the agreements executed by us on account of insufficient stamping._** 

Some of the agreements executed by us with our Clients are not stamped or may be insufficiently stamped. In addition, some of the share transfer forms are not adequately stamped. Unstamped or inadequately stamped documents while not illegal cannot be enforced in a court of law until the applicable stamp duty, with penalty, has been paid and could impact our ability to timely enforce our rights under the agreements and may have a material adverse effect on the continuance of our operations and business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to enforce our rights under these arrangements. 

# **20.** **_Our future success will depend on our ability to effectively implement our business and growth strategies failing which our results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

Our success will depend, in large part, on our ability to effectively implement our business and growth strategies. We cannot assure you that we will be able to execute our strategies in a timely manner or within budget estimates or that we will meet the expectations of our clients and other stakeholders. We believe that our business and growth strategies will place significant demands on our senior management and other resources and will require us to develop and improve operational, financial and other internal controls. Further, our business and growth strategies may require us to incur further indebtedness. Any inability to manage our business and growth strategies could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, our business is to a large extent driven by our internal systems and control mechanism. Therefore, our continued growth is intrinsically linked to our being able to maintain adequate internal systems, processes and controls and our failure to maintain such systems could be an impediment to our growth. 

In addition, we believe that our ability to implement our business and growth strategies will also depend on our ability to expand in global markets. Our inability to maintain our growth or failure to successfully implement our growth strategies within time and cost expectations could have an adverse impact on the results of our operations, our financial condition and our business prospects. 

33 

# **21.** **_Our Promoters and certain of our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel have interests in us other than reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration or benefits._** 

Our Promoters, certain of our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel may be regarded as having an interest in us other than reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration or benefits. Further, our Promoters and certain Directors and Key Managerial Personnel may be deemed to be interested to the extent of Equity Shares and employee stock options held by them or their relatives as well as to the extent of dividend, bonus or other distributions on such Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that our Promoter, Directors and our Key Managerial Personnel will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. For further details, please refer to the chapters ‘ _Our Management’ and ‘Our Promoters and Promoter Group’_ and _Group Companies_ ’ on pages 152, 172 and 177, respectively. 

# **22.** **_Delays or defaults in client payment could result in reduction of our profits._** 

We have, and will continue, to have high levels of outstanding receivables which exposes us to credit risk from our operating activities, primarily from trade receivables and unbilled receivable. Our trade receivables cycle ranges from 30 days to 45 days. As of September 30, 2021, March 31, 2021, March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019, our trade receivables were ₹ 186.33 million, ₹ 395.49 million, ₹ 685.24 million and 456.08 million, respectively, and unbilled receivable were ₹ 236.71 million, Nil, Nil and Nil, respectively. Delays or defaults in client payments, or an increase of our outstanding receivable in proportion to our total revenues could, amongst others, result in a reduction of our profits. 

# **23.** **_Our audited financial statements for Fiscals 2019 and 2020 omitted to mention details of certain related party transactions._** 

Our audited financial statements for Fiscals 2019 and 2020 omitted to mention details of certain related party transactions that were undertaken by our Company. Consequently, our audited financial statements filed with the RoC are inaccurate to such extent. While, we have rectified the omission in the audited special purposes consolidated financial statements for Fiscal 2019 and 2020 and our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements forming part of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, we have not done so for the aforementioned audited financial statements. Further, consequently, our Board reports for such periods also contain similar inaccuracies. These omissions and inaccuracies could subject our then Directors to non-pecuniary liability. Further, our Company and our then Directors may also be subject to imposition of monetary penalty. While no action has been initiated in this regard, we cannot assure you that action will not be initiated in the future. Any adverse action as a consequence could have a material adverse effect on our business and our financial conditions. 

# **24.** **_Our Company has in the past made erroneous, incomplete and delayed filings with the RoC and has filed certain adjudication of penalties applications with the RoC for various corporate actions._** 

Our Company has in the past inadvertently made certain erroneous and incomplete filings with the RoC for appointment of directors and approval of employee stock option plan of our Company. While our Company has subsequently rectified the filings by submitting correct statutory filings and has paid additional fee, such filings may expose our Company and our directors to action by competent regulatory authorities including but not limited to pecuniary liability. Further, it may expose our directors, including our Promoters, to non-pecuniary liability which may have an adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. 

Our Company has also in the past inadvertently delayed in making the prescribed statutory filings under the Companies Act, 2013 for few corporate actions _viz._ delay in filing form for sub-division of shares and increase in authorised share capital of the Company. While we have paid the requisite fine as prescribed under Companies Act, 2013 at the time of the delayed filing, and have received an order from the RoC adjudicating the penalty under Companies Act, 2013, there can be no assurance that such delayed filings in the past will not expose our Company to further fines and proceedings by regulatory bodies. Additionally, our Company has also delayed in making the prescribed statutory filings under Companies Act, 2013 for appointment of our Managing Director. While our Company has paid the requisite fine as prescribed under Companies Act, 2013 at the time of the delayed filing and have also filed an application before the regulatory authorities for condonation of delay in submitting the statutory filing, there can be no assurance that such delayed filings in the past will not expose our Company to further fines and proceedings by regulatory bodies. 

Further, there can be no assurance that such erroneous, incomplete and, or, delayed reporting will not occur in the future. 

34 

**25.** **_Our Company was incorporated in 2008 and certain Board resolutions for change in the registered office of our Company are not traceable. We cannot assure you that such resolutions will be available at all or any time in the future._** 

<mark>Our Company is unable to trace certain Board resolutions for change in the registered office of our Company during Fiscals 2011 and 2014. While information in relation to change in the registered office of our Company has been disclosed in “</mark> _<mark>History and Certain Corporate Matters</mark>_ <mark>” on page 146 based on statutory filings i.e., Forms 18 filed by our Company with the RoC, we may not be able to furnish any further information other than what is disclosed in “</mark> _<mark>History and Certain Corporate Matters</mark>_ <mark>” on page 146 or assure that these Board resolutions will be available in the future. While no regulatory action has been initiated against our Company in relation to the untraceable Board resolutions as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, we cannot assure you that such regulatory actions will not be initiated against our Company in future.</mark> 

# **26.** **_Our Statutory Auditor has drawn attention to qualitative matters of emphasis in their reports on the audited special purposes consolidated financial statements for Fiscal 2020 and 6 month period ended September 30, 2021, and audited consolidated financial statements for Fiscal 2021._** 

Our Statutory Auditor has drawn attention to qualitative matters of emphasis in their reports on the audited special purposes consolidated financial statements for Fiscal 2020 and 6 month period ended September 30, 2021 and, audited consolidated financial statements for Fiscal 2021 in relation to possible effect of COVID-19 pandemic on our operations. The opinion of our Statutory Auditor on these financial statements is however not modified due to these matters of emphasis. Set out below are these matters of emphasis: 

|**Fiscal / Period**|**Matters of emphasis**|
|---|---|
|6<br>month<br>period<br>ended<br>September<br>30, 2021|_The outbreak of coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic globally and in India is causing_<br>_significant disturbance and slowdown of economic activity. The group’s operations were_<br>_impacted due to restrictions on travel and hotel accommodation during the nationwide_<br>_lockdown. As a result of lockdown, the volumes for the 6 month period ended September_<br>_30, 2021 have been impacted. Further, the group has considered the possible effects that_<br>_may result from the pandemic relating to COVID-19 on the carrying amounts of_<br>_property, plant and equipment, receivables, and other assets. In developing the_<br>_assumptions relating to the possible future uncertainties in the global economic_<br>_condition because of the pandemic, the group, as at the date of the approval of this_<br>_consolidated financial statements has used internal and external sources on the expected_<br>_future performance of the group. Based on current indicators of future conditions, the_<br>_group expects the carrying amount of these will be recovered and sufficient liquidity is_<br>_available to fund the business operations. Given the uncertainty because of COVID-19,_<br>_the final impact on the group's assets in future may differ from the estimated as at the_<br>|
||_date of approval of the consolidated financial statements._|
|Fiscal 2021|<br>_The outbreak of coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic globally and in India is causing_<br>_significant disturbance and slowdown of economic activity. The group’s operations were_<br>_impacted due to restrictions on travel and hotel accommodation during the nationwide_<br>_lockdown. As a result of lockdown, the volumes for the year ended March 31, 2021 have_<br>_been impacted. Further, the group has considered the possible effects that may result_<br>_from the pandemic relating to COVID-19 on the carrying amounts of property, plant and_<br>_equipment, receivables, and other assets. In developing the assumptions relating to the_<br>_possible future uncertainties in the global economic condition because of the pandemic,_<br>_the group, as at the date of the approval of this consolidated financial statements has_<br>_used internal and external sources on the expected future performance of the group._<br>_Based on current indicators of future conditions, the group expects the carrying amount_<br>_of these will be recovered and sufficient liquidity is available to fund the business_<br>_operations. Given the uncertainty because of COVID-19, the final impact on the group's_<br>_assets in future may differ from the estimated as at the date of approval of consolidated_<br>_financial information._|
|Fiscal 2020|<br>_The outbreak of coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic globally and in India is causing_<br>_significant disturbance and slowdown of economic activity. The group’s operations were_<br>_impacted due to restrictions on travel and hotel accommodation during the nationwide_<br>_lockdown. As a result of lockdown, the volumes for the year ended March 31, 2020 have_<br>_been impacted. Further, the group has considered the possible effects that may result_<br>_from the pandemic relating to COVID-19 on the carrying amounts of property, plant and_<br>_equipment, receivables, and other assets. In developing the assumptions relating to the_<br>_possible future uncertainties in the global economic condition because of the pandemic,_|



35 

# **<u><mark>Fiscal / Period</mark></u>** 

|**Matters of emphasis**|
|---|
|_the group, as at the date of the approval of this consolidated financial information has_<br>_used internal and external sources on the expected future performance of the group._<br>_Based on current indicators of future conditions, the group expects the carrying amount_<br>_of these will be recovered and sufficient liquidity is available to fund the business_<br>_operations. Given the uncertainty because of COVID-19, the final impact on the group's_<br>_assets in future may differ from the estimated as at the date of approval of consolidated_<br>_financial statements._|



# **27.** **_We have incurred indebtedness which exposes us to various risks which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Conditions and restrictions imposed on us by the agreements governing our indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to operate our business._** 

As of September 30, 2021, we had total fund-based borrowings in the ordinary course of business of ₹ 15.03 million. The level of our indebtedness could have several important consequences, including but not limited to the following: (i) a significant portion of our cash flow may be used towards repayment of our existing debt, which will reduce the available cash flow to fund our expenditures and other general corporate requirements; (ii) defaults of payment and other obligations under our financing arrangements may result in an event of default, acceleration of our repayment obligations and enforcement of related security interests over our assets; (iii) a substantial portion of our long term indebtedness is subject to floating rates of interest. Fluctuations in market interest rates may require us to pay higher rates of interest and will also affect the cost of our borrowings; and (iv) our ability to obtain additional financing in the future or renegotiate or refinance our existing indebtedness on terms favourable to us may be limited, which may impact our growth plans. 

Additionally, our financing agreements contain certain conditions and restrictive covenants that require us to obtain consents from respective lenders prior to carrying out specified activities and entering into certain transactions. Our lenders require us to obtain their prior approval for certain actions, which, amongst other things, restrict our ability to undertake various actions including incur additional debt, declare dividends, amend our constitutional documents, change the ownership or control and management of our business. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain approvals to undertake any of these activities as and when required or comply with such covenants or other covenants in the future. 

**28.** **_Any failure to obtain, renew and maintain requisite statutory and regulatory permits, licenses, registrations and approvals for our operations in a timely manner or at all, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

In terms of applicable law and our contracts, we require various statutory and regulatory permits, licenses, registrations, certifications and approvals to carry out our business and operations (cumulatively, the **Approvals** ). Some of our Approvals are granted for a limited duration and must be periodically renewed. If we do not receive these Approvals or if we are unable to renew the Approvals in a timely manner, or at all, then our business and operations may be adversely affected. For further details, see _‘Government and Other Approvals_ ’ beginning on page 258. 

Moreover, the Approvals are subject to numerous conditions and there can be no assurance that these Approvals will not be suspended or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. Suspension or revocation of the Approvals by the relevant regulatory authority, either on account of non-compliance or otherwise, would impair our Company’s operations and, consequently, have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows and financial condition. Our Company may also be liable to monetary penalties and concerned officers in default may be subject to imprisonment. 

# **29.** **_Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of corporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects._** 

Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by unfavourable changes in law, or interpretations of existing laws such as the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the rules and guidelines issued thereunder, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations applicable to us and our business. For further details see ‘ _Key Regulations and Policies’_ on page 143. 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. There can be no assurance that the Government of India may not implement new regulations and policies which will require us to obtain approvals and licenses from the Government and other regulatory bodies, or impose onerous requirements, conditions, costs and expenditures on our operations. Any such changes and the related uncertainties with respect 

36 

to the implementation of the new legal framework may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future cash flows. In addition, we may have to incur costs and expenses including capital expenditure to comply with the requirements of any new regulations, which may also adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. Any changes to such laws may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, the Government of India has notified certain labour codes including The Code on Wages, 2019 and The Code on Social Security, 2020 which will replace the existing legal framework governing rights of workers, employees and labour relations. While certain aspects of The Code on Wages, 2019, have been notified, the vast majority of the codes are yet to come into force on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations, future cash flows and prospects. 

We have not determined the impact of these recent and proposed laws and regulations on our business. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. Further, if we are affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of such laws and regulations or any related proceedings or are required to bear any costs in order to comply with such provisions or to defend such proceedings, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected. 

# **30.** **_We have leased certain properties from which we operate our business. There can be no assurance that the lease agreements will be renewed upon termination or that we will be able to obtain other premises on lease on same or similar commercial terms. Further, we do not own our Registered Office and have executed a lease agreement for use of our Registered Office._** 

We do not own the premises in which our Registered Office and certain office premises are situated. For further details of our premises, see ‘ _Our Business – Property_ ’ on page 141. 

We cannot assure you that we will own, or have the right to occupy, these premises in the future, or that we will be able to continue with the uninterrupted use of these premises, which may impair our operations and adversely affect our financial condition. There can be no assurance that we will be able to renew the lease agreements or deeds into with third parties in a timely manner or at all. If we are required to vacate these premises for any reason whatsoever including expiry or termination of lease or leave and license agreements, we may be unable to identify suitable location immediately. Further, identification of a new location to house our operations and relocating our business to the new premises may place significant demands on our senior management and other resources and also involve us incurring significant expenditure. Any inability on our part to timely identify a suitable location for a relocated office could have an adverse impact on our business. 

Furthermore, some of the lease agreements and leave and license agreements may not be adequately stamped or registered with the registering authority of the appropriate jurisdiction. An instrument not duly stamped, or insufficiently stamped, shall not be admitted as evidence in any Indian court or may attract a penalty as prescribed under applicable law, which may have a material adverse effect on the continuance of our operations and business. 

# **31.** **_Our operations are subject to varied business risks and our insurance cover may prove inadequate to cover our economic losses._** 

Our operations are subject to various risks and hazards which may adversely affect revenue generation and profitability. While we believe that we have taken adequate safeguards to protect our assets from various risks inherent in our business, including by purchasing and maintaining relevant insurance cover such as director and officers’ insurance, professional indemnity insurance and cyber liability insurance, it is possible that our insurance cover may not provide adequate coverage in certain circumstances. 

While we believe that we maintain sufficient insurance cover by virtue of maintaining insurance policies, certain types of losses may be either uninsurable or not economically viable to insure, such as losses due to acts of terrorism or war. Should an uninsured loss occur, we could lose our investment in, as well as anticipated profits and cash flows from the asset. In addition, even if any such loss is insured, there may be a significant deductible on any claim for recovery prior to our insurer being obligated to reimburse us for the loss, or the amount of the loss may exceed our coverage for the loss. Further, even in the case of an insured risk occurring there can be no assurance that we will be successful in claiming insurance in part or full, or the insurance purchased by us may be insufficient 

37 

to cover the loss occasioned by the risk. Any loss that is not covered by insurance or for which we are unable to successfully claim insurance, or which is in excess of the insurance cover could, in addition to damaging our reputation, have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operation. Further, an insurance claim once made could lead to an increase in our insurance premium. 

In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, and which is not covered by insurance or exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Details of our total insurance coverage vis-à-vis our net assets as at September 30, 2021 and as at March 31, 2021, March 31, 2020, March 31, 2019 is set out below: 

|||||(_in ₹ million_)|
|---|---|---|---|---|
||**As at September**<br>**30, 2021**|**As at**<br>**March 31,**<br>**2021**|**As at**<br>**March 31,**<br>**2020**|**As at March**<br>**31, 2019**|
|Insurance Coverage (A)|35.59|36.31|30.07|31.51|
|Net assets* as per Restated Consolidated<br>Financial Statements (B)|54.83|60.18|60.46|35.56|
|Insurance coverage times the net assets<br>(A/B)|0.65|0.60|0.50|0.89|



* _Sum of property, plant and Equipment (net block), capital work in progress, intangibles (net block) and Investment Property (Buildings net block)._ 

**32.** **_Our Company does not have any listed peer companies for comparison of performance and therefore, investors must rely on their own examinations of accounting ratios of our Company for the purposes of investment in this Offer._** 

Our Company operates in an industry which is in its nascent stages. Therefore, there are limited numbers of operators in this industry and there are no listed peer companies. Consequently, there is limited information in the public domain about our peers and it may be difficult to benchmark and evaluate our financial performance against other operators who operate in the same industry as us. Therefore, investors must rely on their own examinations of accounting ratios of our Company for the purposes of investment in this Offer. 

# **33.** **_Our operations could be adversely affected by work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees or any other kind of disputes with our employees._** 

Our business model is not human resource intensive and as at December 31, 2021, our Company’s work force comprised only 63 full time employees including our senior management team. While we consider our current employee relations to be good, we cannot assure you that we will not experience disruptions in work due to disputes or other problems with our work force, which may adversely affect our ability to perform our obligations for the projects. Any disputes may also result in disruptions in our operations, which may adversely affect our business and results of operation. 

# **34.** **_We have issued Equity Shares in the immediately preceding 12 months at a price which will be below the Offer Price._** 

We have issued Equity Shares in the immediately preceding 12 months by way of bonus, to our existing shareholders of our Company, who are our Promoters. Therefore, our Offer Price will be higher than the issue price of Equity Shares in the immediately preceding 12 months. 

Further, in the past too, we have issued Equity Shares primarily by capitalising our existing reserves and issuing Equity Shares by way of bonus. Our Promoters hold 100.00% of the paid-up-Equity Share Capital of our Company and a vast majority of Equity Shares held by our Promoters were issued by way of bonus shares allotted against capitalisation of our existing reserves. 

# **35.** **_Our Promoters are selling Equity Shares in the Offer and will receive the entire proceeds of the Offer in relation to the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer is through an Offer for Sale of up to 21,814,200 Equity Shares in aggregate by the Selling Shareholders, who are also our Promoters i.e. Liberatha Peter Kallat, Mukesh Yadav and Dinesh Nagpal. The entire proceeds 

38 

from the Offer will be paid to Selling Shareholders, in respect of the Equity Shares offered by them in the Offer, and our Company will not receive any portion of such proceeds. 

# **36.** **_This Draft Red Herring Prospectus does not contain details of one of our Promoter Group._** 

One of our Promoters is estranged from their sibling and details pertaining to the said sibling has not been disclosed in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus. We have made an exemption application dated January 21, 2022, under Regulation 300(1)(c) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations seeking exemption from disclosing details of the said individual and related entities in terms of the definition of promoter group specified in Regulation 2(1)(pp) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus. The said exemption application is pending with SEBI as on the date of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For further details, see “ _Our Promoter and Promoter Group_ ” on page 172. 

# **37.** **_We have included certain non-GAAP financial and operational measures related to our operations and financial performance that may vary from any standard methodology that may be applicable across the industry in which we operate, and which may not be comparable with financial, operational or industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by similar companies._** 

We have included certain non-GAAP financial measures relating to our operations and financial performance such as our EBITDA, EBITDA Margin, RoNW and Net Asset Value per Equity Share ( **Non-GAAP Measures** ) and certain other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance including the number of Pax, number of Clients, number of direct Touch-points, number of cities covered and number of countries covered ( **Statistical Information** ) that are not required by, or presented in accordance with Ind AS or IFRS and are supplemental measures of our performance and liquidity. 

Further, these Non-GAAP Measures and Statistical Information are not a measure of our financial performance or liquidity under Ind AS or IFRS and should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to cash flows, profit/(loss) for the year or any other measure of financial performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity, profitability or cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities. We compute and disclose the Non-GAAP Measures and Statistical Information relating to our operations and financial performance as we consider such information to be useful measures of our business and financial performance. The Non-GAAP Measures and Statistical Information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry, may not be comparable to financial measures and statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other companies whether in our industry or others. 

Further, our industry is in its nascent stages and there may not be a standard methodology or measure applicable to our industry. Therefore, as the industry in which we operate evolves, the measures by which we evaluate our business, and which are relevant for our business, may change over time. While these numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable estimates, our internal tools have a number of limitations, some of which may be beyond our control, and our methodologies for tracking these measures may change over time. Such supplemental financial and operational information is therefore of limited utility as an analytical tool, and investors are cautioned against considering such information either in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements disclosed elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **38.** **_Our Company has in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future and we cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favourable terms if such transactions had not been entered into with related parties and will not have an adverse effect on our financial conditions and result of operations._** 

Our Company has engaged in the past, and may engage in the future, in transactions with related parties, including with our Promoters and key management personnel on an arm’s length basis. Such transactions could be for sales professional fees, salary etc. Further, we have entered into certain transactions for the development of property with Urban Land Management Private Limited, one of our Group Companies, including for development of land. 

While our Company believes that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis and contain commercially reasonable terms, there can be no assurance that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. It is likely that our Company may enter into related party transactions in the future. Such related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. We cannot assure you that such transaction, individually or in the aggregate, will always be in the best interests of our Company and/or that it will not have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

39 

For summary of related party transactions from our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements for the last 3 Fiscals and for the 6 month period ended September 30, 2021 see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 38: Related party Transactions in accordance with Indian Accounting Standard (IND AS)-24”_ on page 231. 

# **39.** **_We are subject to risks resulting from foreign exchange rate fluctuations, which could adversely affect our results of operations._** 

We provide some of the Services in various countries outside India and are subject to the risks arising from transactions that are in a currency that is not our functional currency i.e., the Indian Rupee. According to the Restated Consolidated Financial Statements for 6 month period ended September 30, 2021, and Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, we had foreign exchange gains / (losses) of ₹ (0.10) million, ₹ 1.40 million, ₹ 1.90 million and ₹ (2.71) million, respectively. Any adverse change in foreign exchange rates may adversely affect our results of operations. 

# **40.** **_Legal proceedings involving our Company, Promoters, Directors, Subsidiary and Group Companies could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations._** 

While currently there are no outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company, Promoters, Directors, Subsidiary and Group Companies, we cannot assure that proceedings will not be initiated in the future. If any proceedings are initiated against our Company, Promoters, Directors, Subsidiary and Group Companies, then we may be required to devote management and financial resources in the defence or prosecution of such legal proceedings. Should any change arises in Indian law, we may face losses and have to make provisions in our financial statements, which could increase our expenses and our liabilities. There can be no assurance that the provisions we make for litigation will be sufficient or that further litigation will not be brought against us in the future. Delay in settlement of statutory dues, vendor payments and employee settlement cases may also have an adverse impact on us. 

In the event significant claims are determined against us and we are required to pay all or a portion of the disputed amounts, there could be a material adverse effect on our business and profitability. We cannot provide any assurance that these matters will be decided in our favour. Furthermore, we may not be able to quantify all the claims in which we are involved. Failure to successfully defend such claims or if our provisions prove to be inadequate, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Even if we are successful in defending such cases, we will be subject to legal and other costs relating to defending such litigation, and such costs could be substantial. This could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operation. 

# **41.** **_This Draft Red Herring Prospectus contains information from an industry report prepared by Frost & Sullivan which we have commissioned and paid for._** 

This Draft Red Herring Prospectus includes information that is derived from the F&S Report, prepared by Frost & Sullivan, a research house, pursuant to an engagement with our Company. Frost & Sullivan has advised that while it has taken due care and caution in preparing the commissioned report, which is based on information obtained from sources that it considers reliable ( **Information** ), it does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the Information and disclaims responsibility for any errors or omissions in the Information or for the results obtained from the use of the Information. The F&S Report also highlights certain industry and market data, which may be subject to estimates and/or assumptions. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which we conduct our business, and methodologies and assumptions vary widely among different industry sources. Further, such estimates and / or assumptions may change based on various factors. We cannot assure you that Frost & Sullivan’s estimates and / or assumptions are correct or will not change and, accordingly, our position in the market may differ from that presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Additionally, some of the data and information in the F&S Report are also based on discussions / conversations with industry sources, and may not, have been nor be capable of being, independently verified. Further, the F&S Report is not a recommendation to invest or disinvest in our Company. Frost & Sullivan has disclaimed all financial liability in case of any loss suffered on account of reliance on any information contained in the F&S Report. 

# **42.** **_Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked instruments by us may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by our Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering of Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares including through exercise of employee stock options, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us or sales of our Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading 

40 

price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur, including to comply with the minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India, may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. 

There can be no assurance that we will not issue Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares or that our Promoters will not dispose of, pledge, or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

# **External Risk Factors** 

# **43.** **_The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and the Offer may not result in an active or liquid market for the Equity Shares. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Indian stock exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, there will be liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may bear no relationship to the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer. 

The market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer can be volatile as a result of several factors beyond our control, including volatility in the Indian and global securities markets, our results of operations, the performance of our competitors, developments in the Indian and global air travel industry, changing perceptions in the market about investments in this sector in India, investor perceptions of our future performance, adverse media reports about us or our sector, changes in the estimates of our performance or recommendations by financial analysts, significant developments in India’s economic liberalisation and deregulation policies, and significant developments in India’s fiscal regulations. In addition, the Stock Exchanges may experience significant price and volume fluctuations, which may have a material adverse effect on the market price of the Equity Shares. 

General or industry specific market conditions or stock performance or domestic or international macroeconomic and geopolitical factors unrelated to our performance may also affect the price of the Equity Shares. In particular, the stock market as a whole in the past has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of many companies in ways that may have been unrelated to the companies’ operating performances. For these reasons, investors should not rely on recent trends to predict future share prices, results of operations or cash flow and financial condition. 

# **44.** **_The requirements of being a publicly listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a publicly listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the SEBI Listing Regulations, which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and / or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. Further, as a publicly listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **45.** **_Sale of Equity Shares by our Promoters in future may adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares._** 

After the completion of the Offer, our Promoters will own a significant percentage of our issued Equity Shares. Sale of a large number of the Equity Shares by our Promoters could adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares. Similarly, the perception that any such primary or secondary sale may occur, could adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares. No assurance may be given that our Promoters will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

41 

# **46.** **_There are restrictions on daily movements in the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may adversely affect a shareholder’s ability to sell Equity Shares or the price at which Equity Shares can be sold at a particular point in time._** 

Following the Offer, our listed Equity Shares will be subject to a daily “circuit breaker” imposed on listed companies by the Stock Exchanges, which does not allow transactions beyond certain volatility in the trading price of the Equity Shares. This circuit breaker operates independently of the index-based market-wide circuit breakers generally imposed by SEBI on Indian stock exchanges. The percentage limit on the Equity Shares’ circuit breaker will be set by the stock exchanges based on historical volatility in the price and trading volume of the Equity Shares. The Stock Exchanges are not required to inform our Company of the percentage limit of the circuit breaker, and they may change the limit without our knowledge. This circuit breaker would effectively limit the upward and downward movements in the trading price of the Equity Shares beyond the circuit breaker limit set by the Stock Exchanges. As a result of this circuit breaker, there can be no assurance regarding the ability of shareholders to sell Equity Shares or the price at which shareholders may be able to sell their Equity Shares. 

# **47.** **_The determination of the Price Band and Offer Price is based on various factors and assumptions and the Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer. Further, the current market price of some securities listed pursuant to certain previous issues managed by the BRLM is below the respective offer price._** 

The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and will be determined by our Company in consultation with the Selling Shareholders and the Book Running Lead Managers. Furthermore, the Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company in consultation with the Selling Shareholders and the Book Running Lead Managers through the Book Building Process. These will be based on numerous factors, including factors as described under “ _Basis for the Offer Price_ ” beginning on page 83 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. In addition to the above, the current market price of securities listed pursuant to certain previous initial public offerings managed by the Book Running Lead Managers is below their respective issue price. For further details, see “ _Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Price information of past issues handled by the BRLMs_ ” on page 266. The factors that could affect the market price of the Equity Shares include, among others, broad market trends, our financial performance and results postlisting, and other factors beyond our control. We cannot assure you that an active market will develop, or sustained trading will take place in the Equity Shares or provide any assurance regarding the price at which the Equity Shares will be traded after listing. 

# **48.** **_There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will be listed on the BSE and the NSE in a timely manner or at all._** 

There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will be listed on the BSE and the NSE in a timely manner or at all. In accordance with Indian law, permission for listing and trading of our Equity Shares will not be granted until after certain actions have been completed in relation to this Offer and until Allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to this Offer. In accordance with current regulations and circulars issued by SEBI, our Equity Shares are required to be listed on the BSE and the NSE within such time as mandated under UPI Circulars, subject to any change in the prescribed timeline in this regard. However, we cannot assure you that the trading in our Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner or at all. Any failure or delay in obtaining final listing and trading approvals may restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares. 

# **49.** **_You may not be able to immediately sell any of the Equity Shares you subscribe to in this Offer on an Indian Stock Exchange._** 

The Equity Shares are proposed to be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to Indian regulations, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and commence trading, including the crediting of the investor’s demat accounts within the timeline specified under applicable law. Further, in accordance with Indian law, permission for listing and trading of our Equity Shares will not be granted until after certain actions have been completed in relation to this Offer and until Allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to this Offer. The Allotment of Equity Shares in the Offer and the credit of Equity Shares to the investor’s demat account with the relevant depository participant and listing is expected to be completed within the period as may be prescribed under applicable law. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approvals or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that the Equity Shares will be credited to investor’s demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the prescribed time periods or at all which could restrict your ability to dispose of the Equity Shares. 

42 

# **50.** 

# **_A slowdown in economic growth in India could adversely affect our business._** 

The structure of the Indian economy has undergone considerable changes in the last decade. These include increasing importance of external trade and of external capital flows. Any slowdown in the growth of the Indian economy or the air travel sector could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. India’s economy could be adversely affected by a general rise in interest rates, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, adverse conditions affecting air travel industry or various other factors. 

Further, conditions outside India, such as slowdowns in the economic growth of other countries, could have an impact on the growth of the Indian economy and government policy may change in response to such conditions. The Indian economy and financial markets are also significantly influenced by worldwide economic, financial and market conditions. Any financial turmoil, especially in the United States, Europe or China or Asian emerging market countries, may have an impact on the Indian economy. Although economic conditions differ in each country, investors’ reactions to any significant developments in one country can have adverse effects on the financial and market conditions in other countries. A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems, particularly in other emerging markets, may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets, and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **51.** **_Increasing employee compensation in India may erode some of our competitive advantage and may reduce our profit margins, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Employee compensation in India has historically been significantly lower than employee compensation in the United States and Western Europe for comparably skilled professionals. However, compensation increases in India may erode some of this competitive advantage and may negatively affect our profit margins. Employee compensation in India is increasing at a faster rate than in the United States and Western Europe, which could result in increased costs relating to managers and other mid-level professionals. We may need to continue to increase the levels of our employee compensation to remain competitive and manage attrition. Compensation increases may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **52.** **_Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

We are incorporated in India, and our operations are located in India. As a result, we are highly dependent on prevailing economic conditions in India and our results of operations and cash flows are significantly affected by factors influencing the Indian economy. 

The Indian economy and capital markets are influenced by economic, political and market conditions in India and globally. Adverse geopolitical conditions such as increased tensions between India and its neighbouring countries, resulting in any military conflict in the region could adversely affect our business and operations. Such events may lead to countries including the Government of India imposing restrictions on the air travel industry. 

Other factors that may adversely affect the economy, and hence our results of operations and cash flows, may include: 

- a. high rates of inflation in India and in countries where we operate our business; 

- b. any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy or the economy of any emerging market, or in specific sectors of such economies; 

- c. any exchange rate fluctuations; 

- d. any scarcity of credit or other financing, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions and scarcity of financing for our expansions; 

- e. prevailing income conditions among consumers and corporates; 

- f. volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, the relevant market’s principal stock exchanges; 

- g. changes in tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies; 

- h. political instability, terrorism or military conflict in the region or globally, including in various 

43 

neighbouring countries; 

i. occurrence of natural or man-made disasters; 

j. any downgrading of debt rating of India by a domestic or international rating agency; and 

- k. instability in financial markets. 

# **53.** **_Governmental actions and changes in policy could adversely affect our business._** 

The Government of India and the State Governments in India have broad powers to affect the Indian economy and our business in numerous ways. Additionally, we operate our business in several countries and any change in policies in such countries may affect our business. Any change in the existing policies of Government of India and/or State Government, or foreign government policies, or new policies affecting the economy of India or any foreign country, where we operate our business, could adversely affect our business operations. Moreover, we also cannot assure you that the Central Government or State Governments in India, or foreign government in countries where we operate will not implement new regulations and policies which will require us to obtain additional approvals and licenses from the Government and other regulatory bodies or impose onerous requirements and conditions on our operations. We cannot predict the terms of any new policy, and we cannot assure you that such policy will not be onerous. Such new policy may also adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and prospects. 

# **54.** **_We may be affected by competition law in India and any adverse application or interpretation of the Competition Act could adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, of India, as amended ( **Competition Act** ) regulates practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition ( **AAEC** ) in the relevant market in India. Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an AAEC is considered void and results in the imposition of substantial penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, shares the market by way of geographical area or number of guests in the relevant market or directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an AAEC in the relevant market in India and is considered void. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. 

On March 4, 2011, the Government issued and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to and pre-approved by the Competition Commission of India ( **CCI** ). Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued Competition Commission of India (Procedure for Transaction of Business Relating to Combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. 

The Competition Act aims to, among others, prohibit all agreements and transactions which may have an AAEC in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an AAEC in India. However, the impact of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements entered into by us cannot be predicted with certainty at this stage. We are currently not a party to an outstanding proceeding, nor have we received any notice in relation to non-compliance with the Competition Act and the agreements entered into by us. However, if we are affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI or if any prohibition or substantial penalties are levied under the Competition Act, it would adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. 

# **55.** **_A downgrade in ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. India’s sovereign rating is Baa3 with a “negative” outlook (Moody’s), BBB– with a “stable” outlook (S&P) and BBB– with a “negative” outlook (Fitch). In Fiscal 2020, both Fitch and Moody had lowered India’s sovereign credit rating a notch. Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or 

44 

fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favourable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of our Equity Shares. 

# **56.** **_The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, fires, explosions, pandemic disease and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

# **57.** **_Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which may be material to the Financial Statements prepared and presented in accordance with SEBI ICDR Regulations contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus._** 

We have not attempted to quantify the impact of U.S. GAAP or any other system of accounting principles on the financial data, prepared and presented in accordance with Ind AS for the 6 month period ended September 30, 2021, the Fiscals ended March 31, 2021, March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019, included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of U.S. GAAP or any other accounting principles. U.S. GAAP differs in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the restated financial statements included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader's level of familiarity with Ind AS and SEBI ICDR Regulations. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Draft Red Prospectus should accordingly be limited. Additionally, Ind AS differs in certain respects from IFRS and therefore financial statements prepared under Ind AS may be substantially different from financial statements prepared under IFRS. 

# **58.** **_Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

# **59.** **_Financial difficulty and other problems in certain financial institutions in India could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, future cash flows and financial condition._** 

Indian financial system may be affected by financial difficulties faced by all or some of the Indian financial institutions whose commercial soundness may be closely related as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships. This risk, which is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk”, may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, banks, securities firms and exchanges. Any such difficulties or instability of the Indian financial system in general could create an adverse market perception about Indian financial institutions and banks and adversely affect our business. 

# **60.** **_Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. The Income Tax Act levies taxes on such long-term capital gains exceeding ₹0.1 million arising from sale of equity shares on or after April 1, 2018, while continuing to exempt the unrealized capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on such equity shares subject to specific conditions. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long-term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of a securities transaction tax ( **STT** ), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. Any gain realized on the sale 

45 

of Equity Shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold other than on a recognized stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, will be subject to long term capital gains tax in India. 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

# **61.** **_Investors may have difficulty enforcing foreign judgments against us or our management._** 

We are incorporated under the laws of India and all our directors and key managerial personnel reside in India. A majority of our assets, and the assets of our Directors and officers, are also located in India. Where investors wish to enforce foreign judgments in India, they may face difficulties in enforcing such judgments. India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. India exercises reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions. In order to be enforceable, a judgment obtained in a jurisdiction which India recognises as a reciprocating territory must meet certain requirements of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908, of India ( **Civil Code** ). Further, the Civil Code only permits enforcement of monetary decrees not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes or, other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalty and does not provide for the enforcement of arbitration awards. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions not recognised as a reciprocating territory by India cannot be enforced or executed in India. Even if a party were to obtain a judgment in such a jurisdiction, it would be required to institute a fresh suit upon the judgment and would not be able to enforce such judgment by proceedings in execution. Further, the party which has obtained such judgment must institute the new proceedings within three years of obtaining the judgement. 

As a result, you may be unable to: (i) effect service of process outside of India upon us and such other persons or entities; or (ii) enforce in courts outside of India judgments obtained in such courts against us and such other persons or entities. It is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages awarded as excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. A party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval from the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered pursuant to the execution of such foreign judgment, and any such amount may be subject to income tax in accordance with applicable laws. 

# **62.** **_Financial instability, economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries may also cause the price of the Equity Shares to decline._** 

The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located in other countries, including India. For instance, the economic downturn in the U.S. and several European countries during a part of Fiscals 2008 and 2009 adversely affected market prices in the global securities markets, including India. Following the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union ( **Brexit** ), there still remains significant uncertainty around the impact of Brexit on the general economic conditions in the United Kingdom and the European Union and any consequential impact on global financial markets. In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy as well as a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. Negative economic developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficits, or a default on national debt, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. 

A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy, including the movement of exchange rates and interest rates in India. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of the Equity Shares. 

46 

# **63.** **_Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely impact the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions) if they comply with the valuation and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and does not fall under any of the exceptions specified by the RBI, then the RBI’s prior approval is required. In addition, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other Government agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For further details, see ‘ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ’ beginning on page 297. 

Further, in accordance with Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the DPIIT and the FEMA Rules, any investment, subscription, purchase or sale of equity instruments by entities, investments under the foreign direct investment route by entities of a country which shares land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country will require prior approval of the Government of India. Further, in the event of transfer of ownership of any existing or future foreign direct investment in an entity in India, directly or indirectly, resulting in the beneficial ownership falling within the aforesaid restriction/ purview, such subsequent change in the beneficial ownership will also require approval of the Government of India. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms, in a timely manner or at all. 

# **64.** **_Our ability to raise foreign capital may be constrained by Indian law._** 

As an Indian company, we are subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies. Such regulatory restrictions could constrain our ability to obtain financings on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, we cannot assure you that any required regulatory approvals for borrowing in foreign currencies will be granted to us without onerous conditions, or at all. Limitations on foreign debt may have an adverse effect on our business growth, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **65.** **_If security or industry analysts do not publish research, or publish unfavourable or inaccurate research about the business of our Company, the price and trading volume of the Equity Shares may decline._** 

The trading market for the Equity Shares may depend, in part, on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. We may be unable to sustain coverage by established and / or prominent securities and industry analysts. If either none or only a limited number of securities or industry analysts maintain coverage of our Company, or if these securities or industry analysts are not widely respected within the general investment community, the trading price for our Equity Shares would be negatively impacted. In the event we obtain securities or industry analyst coverage, if one or more of the analysts downgrade our Equity Shares or publish inaccurate or unfavourable research about our business, our Equity Shares price may decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our Company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our Equity Shares could decrease, which might cause the price and trading volume of our Equity Shares to decline. 

# **66.** **_Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company incorporated in India must offer its equity shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting on such resolution. However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for your benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of any such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares, your proportional interests in our Company may be reduced. 

47 

# **67.** **_QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within 6 Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

48 

