# **SECTION III - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in the Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks described below may not be exhaustive or the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares or the industry segments in which we currently operate or the jurisdictions in which we operate including India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently do not deem material may also adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and/or financial condition. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial implication of any of the risks mentioned below. If any or a combination of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are not currently deemed material, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. Furthermore, some events may be material collectively rather than individually._ 

_We have described the risks and uncertainties that our management believes are material, but these risks and uncertainties are not the only risks relevant to us, or the Equity Shares or the industry and the segments in which we currently operate or propose to operate. In addition, the risks set out in this section are not exhaustive, and if any or a combination of any of the following risks actually occur, or if any of the risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed to be not relevant or material now, actually occur or become material in the future, our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition could suffer, the trading price of the Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all, or part of your investment. Furthermore, some events may be material collectively rather than individually and some risks may have an impact which is qualitative in nature but cannot be quantified. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and our business and the terms of the Issue including the merits and risks involved._ 

_In order to obtain a complete understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Industry Overview”, “Our Business”, “Key Regulations and Policies”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments” on pages 147, 181, 207, 343 and 387, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and our business and the terms of the Offer, including the merits and risks involved. Prospective investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the consequences of investing in the Offer. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to legal and regulatory environment which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements, which refer to future events that involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, which may cause the actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. See “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 24._ 

_Unless the context requires otherwise, all financial information included herein is derived from our Restated Financial Information included in “Financial Information” on page 261. Our fiscal year ends on March 31 of each year, and references to a particular fiscal are to the twelve months ended March 31 of that year. We have also included various operational and financial performance indicators in this Red Herring Prospectus, some of which have not been derived from our Restated Financial Information. The manner of calculation and presentation of some of the operational and financial performance indicators, and the assumptions and estimates used in such calculation, may vary from that used by other companies in India and other jurisdictions._ 

_Our Company acquired EPACK Components Private Limited, our wholly-owned Subsidiary, with effect from August 1, 2021. Accordingly, EPACK Components Private Limited became a Subsidiary of our Company on August 1, 2021, and it is included in the Restated Financial Information from that date for Fiscal 2022 and for the entirety of Fiscal 2023 and the six months ended September 30, 2023. Further, Epavo Electricals Private Limited, has become our Associate on July 22, 2022, and has accordingly been accounted for in the Restated Financial Information for Fiscal 2023 and the six months ended September 30, 2023. Our Restated Financial Information does not include financial information of EPACK Components Private Limited prior to it becoming a Subsidiary of our Company. Accordingly, our results of operations and financial condition as set forth in the Restated Financial Information may not be comparable on a period-to-period basis._ 

41 

_Unless stated otherwise, industry and market data used in this Red Herring Prospectus is derived from the report titled “Industry report for IPO – ODM opportunities in Indian Room Air Conditioner and Small Domestic Appliance segments” dated December 14, 2023 (“_ **_F&S Report_** _”) prepared and released by Frost & Sullivan (India) Private Limited, appointed by our Company pursuant to engagement letter dated March 12, 2023, and such F&S Report has been commissioned by and paid for by our Company exclusively in connection with the Offer. The F&S Report is available on the website of our Company at www.epackdurable.com/investor-relations. Unless otherwise indicated, financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the F&S Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year. The data included herein includes excerpts from the F&S Report and may have been re-ordered by us for the purposes of presentation. There are no parts, data or information (which may be relevant for the proposed Offer), that has been left out or changed in any manner._ 

_Unless the context otherwise requires, references to our “customer” or “customers” shall be deemed to include affiliates or group companies of our customers, as applicable._ 

# **Internal Risk Factors** 

**_1. A significant portion of our revenue is generated from certain key customers, and accordingly is concentrated with a few customers and the loss of one or more such customers, the deterioration of their financial condition or prospects, or a reduction in their requirement for our products could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

We have developed long standing relationships with certain key customers. Accordingly, we are dependent on our arrangements with such customers and our business depends on the continuity of our relationship with them. A majority of our revenue is derived from our top five customers. The contribution to the revenue from operations of our Company by our top five customers is as set out below: 

|**Particulars**|**Six months**<br>**ended**<br>**September 30,**<br>**2023**|**Fiscal 2023**|**Fiscal 2022**|**Fiscal 2021**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Contribution by our top five customers (₹<br>million)|4,894.86|12,720.25|7,099.85|5,243.56|
|Contribution by our top five customers as<br>a percentage of our revenue from<br>operations (%)|79.62|82.66|76.82|71.22|



There are a limited number of brands in the Indian RAC and SDA market to whom we supply our products. We face the risk of the loss of all or any of our customers, including on account of delays on our part with respect to completion of the orders placed, quality issues in our products and inadequate supplies against demand, if such instances occur frequently; failure to renew sales contracts with one or more of our significant customers; and failure to renegotiate favourable terms with our key customers, all of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our reliance on a select set of customers may also constrain our ability to negotiate our commercial arrangements, which may have an impact on our profit margins and financial performance. The deterioration of the financial condition or business prospects of these customers could reduce their requirement of our products and result in a significant decrease in the revenues we derive from these customers. In addition, our revenues may be adversely affected if there is an adverse change in any of our customers supply chain strategies or a reduction in their outsourcing of products we offer, or if our customers decide to choose our competitors over us or decide to undertake manufacturing of products internally or if there is a significant reduction in the volume of our business with such customers. 

Maintaining strong relationships with our customers is, therefore, essential to our business strategy and to the growth of our business. Further, while we have not experienced any such reduction in the past, since our business is presently concentrated among a few significant customers, the loss of any one of our key customers or a significant reduction in demand from such customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_2. Our customers do not make long-term commitments to us and may cancel or change their sourcing requirements. Such cancellations or changes may adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

42 

<mark>We primarily follow a business-to-business model which is typically purchase order based. While we have long standing relationships with various of our customers, we generally do not enter into long-term arrangements, or arrangements with firm commitments of quantities with such customers, and frequently do not have visibility as to their future demand for our services. Our customers may also cancel, change or delay production quantities and schedules, or fail to meet their forecasts for a number of reasons beyond our control. The volume and timing of sales to our customers can vary due to, changes in demand for their products, their attempts to manage their inventory, design changes, changes in their manufacturing or sourcing strategies, or acquisitions of, or consolidations among, customers. Cancellations, reductions or delays by a significant customer, or by a group of customers can result in a mismatch between the inventory of components and raw materials and the manufactured product that we hold and could result in excess inventory and stretch our working capital, pending sales of such products. For instance, various customers had cancelled orders placed with us on account of the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in April 2020. Such instances in the future could have an adverse effect on the orderly management of our inventory and could adversely affect our operating cash flow. In such instances, our Company is also exposed to the fluctuations and volatility of commodity prices which may affect the costing of the inventory held. Further, we are not necessarily be the exclusive supplier to our customers and our competitors may also be supplying their products to our customers. Considering that certain of our operating expenses are fixed, a reduction in customer demand can harm our operating results. Moreover, because our margins vary across customers and specific programs, a reduction in demand with higher margin customers can have a more significant adverse effect on our operating results.</mark> 

<mark>In addition, we make significant decisions based on our estimates of customers’ demand, including determining the levels of business that we will seek and accept, manufacturing schedules, raw material and component procurement commitments, working capital (including inventory) management, facility and capacity requirements, personnel needs and other resource requirements. Our business depends on our estimate of the demand for our products from customers. Any error in our forecast could result in a reduction in our profit margins and surplus stock, which may result in additional storage cost and such surplus stock may not be sold in a timely manner, or at all. If we overestimate demand, we may incur costs to build capacity or purchased more raw materials and manufacture more products than required. However, if we underestimate demand or have inadequate capacity due to which we are unable to meet the demand for our products, we may manufacture fewer quantities of products than required, which could result in the loss of business. Low utilization of our manufacturing facilities could also result in our realizing lower margins.</mark> 

Additionally, we may need to increase staffing, increase capacity, engage sub-contractors and incur other expenses to meet the anticipated demand of our customers, which could cause reductions in our margins if a customer order gets delayed or cancelled or modified. Rapid increases in customer demand may also stress personnel and other capacity resources. While we have not lost any key customers in the last three financial years, we may not have sufficient resources, at any given time to meet all of our customers’ demands, which could also result in a loss of business from such customers in the future. 

**_3. Our business is dependent on our three manufacturing facilities, and we are subject to certain risks in our manufacturing process. Any slowdown or shutdown in our manufacturing operations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We conduct our operations through our manufacturing facilities situated at Dehradun, Uttarakhand, Bhiwadi, Rajasthan and Sri City, Andhra Pradesh. Our business is dependent upon our ability to manage our manufacturing facilities and run them at certain utilization levels, which are subject to various operating risks, including those beyond our control, such as the breakdown and failure of equipment, industrial accidents, labour disputes or shortage of labour, severe weather conditions and natural disasters. While there have been no instances of any significant malfunction or breakdown of our machinery, our equipment, our automation systems or any other part of our manufacturing processes or systems (together, our “ **Manufacturing Assets** ”) in the last three Fiscals, any such instances in the future may entail significant repair and maintenance costs and cause delays in our operations. If we are unable to repair Manufacturing Assets in a timely manner or at all, our operations may need to be suspended until we procure the appropriate Manufacturing Assets to replace the same and we cannot assure you that the new Manufacturing Assets will be procured and/or integrated in a timely manner. In addition, we may be required to carry out planned shutdowns of our facilities for maintenance, statutory inspections, testing, capacity expansion and equipment upgrades. 

In particular, outbreak of a pandemic or any materially adverse social, political or economic development, civil disruptions, or changes in the policies of the national, state or local governments in any of the jurisdictions where our manufacturing facilities are situated, could adversely affect operations of our integrated production facility. In 

43 

the future, we may also experience plant shutdowns or periods of reduced production because of regulatory issues, power outage, severe weather conditions, natural disaster, equipment failure, employee-related incidents that result in harm or death or delays in raw material deliveries. For details of the disruption to our manufacturing operations due to the COVID-19 pandemic, see “ _Risk Factors – The COVID-19 pandemic impacted our business and operations and any similar occurrence in the future may have a similar adverse effect on our business, operations and our future financial performance._ ” on page 61. We cannot assure you that there will not be any disruptions in our operations in the future and that we will not experience any shortage of skilled / unskilled personnel or work stoppages caused by disagreements with employees in the future. For further details, see “ _Risk Factors – We engage contract labour for our manufacturing operations. Non-availability of such contract labour or any liability incurred in relation to such contract labour may have a material adverse impact on our operations._ ” on page 59. 

Our inability to effectively respond to such events and rectify any disruption, in a timely manner and at an acceptable cost, could lead to the slowdown or shutdown of our operations or the under-utilization of our manufacturing facilities, which in turn may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we depend on domestic and international vendors to supply necessary equipment, material and services that we require for our operations. Our inability to continue to obtain equipment and material in a timely manner, or at all, could adversely affect our manufacturing operations, and thereby our business and results of operations. Further, such disruptions, damage or destruction of those facilities may severely affect our ability to meet our customers’ demand and the loss of any one of our key customers or a significant reduction in demand from such customers could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_4. If we are unable to introduce new products and respond to changing customer requirements, including due to changing customer preferences and regulatory requirements in a timely and effective manner, the demand for our products may decline, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The success of our business depends upon our ability to anticipate and identify changes in customer preferences and offer products that customers require. We continuously endeavour to further enhance our research and development capabilities to enable us to introduce new products and different variant of our existing products, based on customer preferences and demand. The details of our research and development expenditure as salaries towards R&D employees in the six months ended September 30, 2023 and the last three Fiscals are set out below: 

|**Particulars**|**Six months**<br>**ended**<br>**September 30,**<br>**2023**|**Fiscal 2023**|**Fiscal 2022**|**Fiscal 2021**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|R&D employee costs (₹ million)|21.52|30.74|23.41|17.26|
|R&D employee costs as a percentage of<br>ouremployee benefits expense (%)|10.26|9.21|10.07|10.15|



Although we seek to identify such trends and introduce new products, we cannot assure you that we will be able to introduce such products or that our products would gain customer acceptance or that we will be able to successfully compete in such new product segments. For example, if our customers require updated energy efficiency and consumption requirements in respect of RACs, our current RAC product portfolio may no longer be suitable for such needs. 

Before we can introduce a new product, we must successfully execute several steps, including successful research and development, effective marketing strategies for our target customers, while scaling our manufacturing infrastructure, if required, to increase or change the nature of our manufacturing capacity. We also depend on the successful introduction of new production and manufacturing processes, raw material and component sourcing to create innovative products, achieve operational efficiencies, and adapt to advances in, or obsolescence of our technology. The development and commercialization process of a new product would require us to spend considerable time and money. Our ongoing investments in research and development for new products and processes may result in higher costs without a proportionate increase in revenues. Delays in any part of the process, or failure of a product to be successful at any stage could adversely affect our business. Consequently, any failure on our part to successfully introduce new products and processes may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations results and financial condition. 

**_5. We are subject to precise technical specifications and quality requirements. Our failure to comply with the quality standards and technical specifications prescribed by such customers may lead to loss of_** 

44 

# **_business from such customers or product liability claims or claims alleging deficiency in service, and could negatively impact our reputation, which would have an adverse impact on our business prospects and results of operations._** 

Our customers have specific product and quality requirements. Adherence to quality standards is a critical factor in our manufacturing process as any defects in the products manufactured by our Company or failure to comply with the technical specifications of our customers may lead to cancellation of the orders placed by them. Any failure on our part to manufacture our products according to prescribed specifications, may lead to loss of reputation and goodwill of our Company, rejection of the product, which will require us to incur additional cost, which will not be borne by the customer, to replace the rejected product, and loss of customers which could have adverse effect on our reputation, business and our financial condition. Any shortfall in meeting the technical specifications or manufacturing defects can also lead to epidemic failure and may result in recall of the whole batch leading to loss of revenues and reputation. While such instances have not resulted in any material and adverse impact on us in the last three Fiscals and the current Fiscal, nor have there been any material instances of product recalls by our Company in the last three Fiscals and the current Fiscal, should such instance take place in the future, it could expose us to significant monetary liability including litigation. 

Failure to adhere to the specifications set out by our customers may also expose us to warranty or product liability claims. Such warranties may be enforced against us even in cases where the underlying sales contracts have expired. A successful warranty or product liability claims or costs incurred for a product recall in excess of our available insurance coverage, if any, would have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition, prior to placing the orders, there is a review process that is undertaken by certain customers. This may involve inspection of our manufacturing facilities and equipment, review of the manufacturing processes and raw materials, and inspections and reviews of prototypes of the product. As a result, we are required to incur expenses to maintain our quality assurance systems such as forming a separate team of engineers responsible for quality and assurance in our manufacturing facilities, and in the manufacturing processes. 

**_6. Our Statutory Auditors have included a qualification in the auditor’s report on our audited standalone financial statements and audited consolidated financial statements for the Fiscal ended March 31, 2022._** 

Our Statutory Auditors have included the following qualification in the auditor’s report on our audited standalone financial statements and audited consolidated financial statements for the Fiscal ended March 31, 2022, relating to the following: 

Our Company has accounted the non-cumulative compulsorily convertible preference shares (“ **CCPS** ”), including premium aggregating to ₹ 1,600.00 million as at March 31, 2022, as an equity instrument, which is not in accordance with Ind AS 32 “Financial Instruments: Presentation” that requires them to be presented as a financial liability in its entirety and accounted at fair value in accordance with Ind AS 109 “Financial Instruments” and Ind AS 113 “Fair Value Measurement”, given that it contains a buy-back right available to the holders and the fixed to fixed criterion is not met. Our Company applied Ind AS during the financial year ended March 31, 2022, and is required to apply Ind AS 32, Ind AS 109 and Ind AS 113 from the date of the transition to Ind AS, i.e., April 1, 2020, which requires the CCPS issued during the year that contain a buy-back right with the holders to be accounted as detailed herein. As a result, the classification and measurement of the liability through profit and loss, the gain / loss from such adjustments, consequential impact on earnings per share and income tax as at and for the year ended March 31, 2022, are not in accordance with Ind AS 32, Ind AS 109 and Ind AS 113. Our Company has not quantified the impact of such non-compliance of Ind AS 32 and Ind AS 109 and has not included the relevant fair value disclosures required under Ind AS 107 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures” for these CCPS not recognized as financial liabilities as at March 31, 2022. In the absence of such quantification and appropriate evidence, our Statutory Auditors were unable to comment on the consequential impact thereof on the audited standalone and consolidated financial statements. 

The above qualification has already been given effect to by way of restatement of comparatives in the audited standalone and consolidated financial statements for the Fiscal ended March 31, 2023, and consequently in the Restated Financial Information. However, there is no assurance that our auditor’s reports for any future Fiscals will not contain qualifications, emphasis of matters or other observations which could subject us to additional liabilities, due to which our reputation, financial condition or the trading price of the Equity Shares may be adversely affected. 

45 

**_7. Our market capitalization to revenue from operations multiple, market capitalization to tangible assets multiple and enterprise value to EBITDA multiple (where EBITDA is calculated as profit before tax, share of profit/(loss) of associate and exceptional items plus finance costs, depreciation and amortisation expense minus other income) at the Offer Price may not be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares on listing or thereafter._** 

Our market capitalization to revenue from operations multiple, market capitalization to tangible assets multiple and enterprise value to EBITDA multiple at the Floor Price and Cap Price may not be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares on listing or thereafter. The following table sets forth the market capitalization (as of the dates indicated below) to revenue from operations (for Fiscal 2023) multiple, market capitalization (as of the dates indicated below) to tangible assets (as of March 31, 2023) multiple and enterprise value (as of the dates indicated below) to EBITDA (for Fiscal 2023) multiple of our Company and our industry listed peers: 

|**Particulars**|**Market**<br>**capitalization to**<br>**revenue from**<br>**operations**|**Market**<br>**capitalization to**<br>**tangible assets**|**Enterprise value to**<br>**EBITDA**|
|---|---|---|---|
|**Our Company**|[●]*|[●]*|[●]*|
|**Industry Peers**||||
|Dixon Technologies (India) Limited|29.28|11.48|69.53|
|Amber Enterprises India Limited|1.51|1.84|26.86|
|PG Electroplast Limited|2.73|3.84|36.38|
|Elin Electronics Limited|0.70|1.03|11.28|



_* To be updated in the Prospectus once the Offer Price is finalised. Source: The information for the industry peers has been sourced from NSE and the filings of the respective company available on the website of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs. Notes:_ 

_1. Market capitalization has been computed based on the closing market price of equity shares on NSE on December 8, 2023. 2. Tangible Assets = Total assets less intangible assets, intangible assets under development, right of use assets, goodwill and deferred tax assets (net), as applicable plus lease liabilities (non-current and current)._ 

_3. Enterprise Value (EV) = Market capitalisation plus net debt as on March 31, 2023. Net debt is calculated as sum of current and non-current borrowings as reduced by cash and cash equivalents and bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents 4. EBITDA = Profit before tax, share of profit/(loss) of associate and exceptional items plus finance costs, depreciation and amortisation expense minus other income_ 

For further details, see “ _Basis for the Offer Price_ ” on page 130. 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation do not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares if developed. 

Any valuation exercise undertaken for the purposes of the Offer by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, would not be based on a benchmark with our industry peers. The relevant financial parameters based on which the Price Band would be determined, shall be disclosed in the advertisement that would be issued for publication of the Price Band. 

<mark>The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us, volatility in the securities markets in India and other jurisdictions, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors.</mark> 

**_8. Our failure in maintaining our quality accreditations and certifications may negatively impact our brand and reputation._** 

We have received a number of quality assurance certifications and accreditations which have certified that our research, development, manufacturing and supply of our products are in compliance with globally accepted manufacturing practices and quality standards. For instance, we have received accreditations including the ISO/IEC 17025:2017 accreditation for general requirements for the competence of testing and calibration laboratories for Dehradun Unit I, the ISO 14001:2015 accreditation for environmental management system for the Dehradun Manufacturing Facility, Bhiwadi Manufacturing Facility and Sri City Manufacturing Facility, the 

46 

ISO 9001:2015 accreditation for quality management system for the Dehradun Manufacturing Facility, Bhiwadi Manufacturing Facility and Sri City Manufacturing Facility, and the ISO 45001:2018 accreditation for occupational health and safety management system for the Dehradun Manufacturing Facility, Bhiwadi Manufacturing Facility and Sri City Manufacturing Facility. Any significant damage to our reputation and/or brand caused by being denied such accreditations and certifications or being unable to renew our existing accreditations and certifications could have a material adverse effect on our ability to attract new and repeat customers and, as a result, adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. Any failure of the company to comply with the Bureau of Energy Efficiency requirements can lead to loss of business and reputation. 

**_9. Our industry is competitive and our inability to compete effectively may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

While there are significant barriers to entry to the RAC and SDA manufacturing industry, our competitors may win market share from us by providing what may be perceived to be more advanced technologies, better designs and quality or lower cost solutions to our customers. For details of our competition, see “ _Our Business – Competition_ ” on page 206. Our success depends on our ability to invent and deliver advanced products and solutions, utilizing our proprietary technologies to help our customers operate more efficiently. We may incur significant expense in preparing to meet anticipated customer requirements that we may not be able to recover or pass on to our customers. Increased competition may force us to improve our process, technical, product and service capabilities and/or lower our prices or result in loss of customers, which may adversely affect our profitability and market share, in turn, affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. Some of our competitors, including in the SDA manufacturing industry, may be established national or regional companies that have larger technical and financial resources needed to bring competitive products to the market. There may also be competitors from the unorganised sector that typically offer low-value products and operate in specific geographies. There is no assurance that we will remain competitive with respect to technology, design, quality or cost. In addition, our competitors may develop competing technologies that gain market acceptance before or instead of our products. Our competitors’ actions, including expanding manufacturing capacity, expansion of their operations to newer geographies or product segments in which we compete, or the entry of new competitors into one or more of our markets could cause us to lower prices in an effort to maintain our sales volume. 

**_10. Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds are based on management estimates and have not been independently appraised by a bank or a financial institution, and may be subject to change based on various factors, some of which are beyond our control. In addition, if the costs of setting up and the possible time or cost overruns related to the projects forming part of the objects of the Offer are higher than expected, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. Further, any variation in the utilisation of our Net Proceeds may involve considerable time or cost overrun and may adversely affect our operations or business._** 

We intend to utilise a portion of the Net Proceeds for funding our capital expenditure requirements for setting up of and expansion of our manufacturing facilities, among others. We have estimated the total cost of such capital expenditure to be ₹ 2,300.00 million which is proposed to be funded from the Net Proceeds. For further details please refer to “ _Objects of the Offer - Details of the Objects”_ on page 112. However, such total estimated cost and related fund requirements are based on management estimates and have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. 

We have not entered into any definitive agreements to utilize the Net Proceeds for this object of the Offer and have relied on the quotations received from third parties for estimation of the cost. While we have obtained the quotations from various vendors in relation to such capital expenditure, most of these quotations are valid for a certain period of time and may be subject to revisions, and other commercial and technical factors. Additionally, we are yet to make payments and purchase for any of the plant and machinery forming part of the proposed capital expenditure. Further, the estimated costs for these projects are based on management estimates and current conditions and are subject to change, owing to prospective changes in external circumstances, costs, and other financial conditions. There could be delays in the said expansion or upgradation as a result of, among other things, requirement of obtaining approvals from statutory or regulatory authorities, contractors’ or external agencies’ failure to perform, exchange rate fluctuations, unforeseen engineering problems, disputes with workers, increase in input costs of construction materials and labour costs, incremental preoperative expenses, taxes and duties, interest and finance charges, cost escalation and/or force majeure events, any of which could give rise to cost overruns and delays in our implementation schedules.. Accordingly, prospective investors in the Offer will need 

47 

to rely upon our management’s judgment with respect to the use of Net Proceeds. 

At this stage, we cannot determine with any certainty if we would require the Net Proceeds to meet any other expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of competitive environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. Any variation in the planned use of the Net Proceeds may require Shareholders’ approval and may involve considerable time or cost overrun and in such an eventuality it may adversely affect our operations or business. In the event that there is such a change in the objects of the Offer, our Promoters shall provide an exit offer to dissenting shareholders as provided for in the Companies Act, 2013 and in terms of the conditions and manner prescribed under Schedule XX of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and applicable law. In light of these factors, we may not be able to undertake variation of objects of the Offer to use any unutilized proceeds of the Offer, if any, or vary the terms of any contract referred to in this Red Herring Prospectus, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. This may restrict our Company’s ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition by re-deploying the unutilized portion of Net Proceeds, if any, or varying the terms of contract, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

# **_11. We have substantial power, water and fuel requirements and any disruption to power, water or fuel sources could increase our production costs and adversely affect our results of operations_** . 

We require substantial power, water and fuel for our manufacturing facilities. If energy or water costs were to rise, or if electricity or water supplies or supply arrangements were disrupted, our profitability could decline. 

We source most of our electricity requirements for our manufacturing facilities from state electricity boards. The cost of electricity from state electricity boards could be significantly higher, thereby adversely affecting our cost of production and profitability. Further, if for any reason such electricity is not available, we may need to shut down our plants until an adequate supply of electricity is restored. Interruptions of electricity supply can also result in production shutdowns, increased costs associated with restarting production and the loss of production in progress. In addition, we source most of our water requirements from state utilities, but there is no assurance that we will be able to obtain a sufficient supply of water from sources in these areas, some of which are prone to drought. Therefore, we are subject to price risk and if supply or access is not available for any reason, our production may be disrupted and profitability could be adversely affected. We may also be forced to shut down or scale down our production if the drought worsens and we cannot access water in sufficient amounts. While we have not experienced any material instances of shutdowns of our manufacturing facilities due to disruptions in electricity or water supply in the last three Fiscals and the current Fiscal, we cannot assure you that we will not experience any such disruptions in electricity or water supply leading to the shutdown of our manufacturing facilities in the future. 

# **_12. We have working capital requirements and may require additional financing to meet those requirements, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our Company requires working capital to finance the purchase of raw materials and for the manufacture and other related work before payment is received from customers. The details of our current borrowings (including current maturities of long-term borrowings) and our current borrowings (excluding current maturities of long-term borrowings) as on September 30, 2023, March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 are set out below: 

|**Particulars**|**As on**<br>**September 30,**<br>**2023**|**As on March 31,**<br>**2023**|**As on March 31,**<br>**2022**|**As on March 31,**<br>**2021**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Current borrowings (including current<br>maturities of long-term borrowings) (₹<br>million)|2,322.64|3,788.65|3,243.61|<br>1,708.47|
|-<br>Total principal amount outstanding<br>(₹ million)|2,322.64|3,788.65|3,243.61|<br>1,708.47|
|-<br>Total interest due but not paid<sup>*</sup>(₹<br>million)|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Current borrowings (excluding current<br>maturities of long-term borrowings) (₹<br>million)|1,852.30|3,499.81|2,985.68|1,579.57|
|-<br>Total principal amount outstanding<br>(₹ million)|1,852.30|3,499.81|2,985.68|1,579.57|



48 

|**Particulars**|**As on**<br>**September 30,**<br>**2023**|**As on March 31,**<br>**2023**|**As on March 31,**<br>**2022**|**As on March 31,**<br>**2021**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|-<br>Total interest due but not paid<sup>*</sup>(₹<br>million)|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|



_* Interest accrued but not due on borrowings has been presented under Other financial liabilities as per schedule III of Companies Act, 2013._ 

The actual amount and timing of our future working capital requirements may differ from estimates as a result of, among other factors, unforeseen delays or cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, economic conditions, engineering design changes, weather related delays, technological changes and additional market developments and new opportunities in the sectors we operate in. Our sources of additional financing, required to meet our working capital requirements may include the incurrence of debt or the issue of equity or debt securities or a combination of both. While we have the capacity to take on financial leverage, our ability to obtain external financing is subject to a variety of uncertainties and our loan agreements may contain restrictive operating and financial covenants that restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness without the lenders’ consent. Further, financing may not be available in a timely manner or in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, or at all. If we decide to raise additional funds through the incurrence of debt, our interest and debt repayment obligations will increase, and could have a significant effect on our profitability and cash flows and we may be subject to additional covenants, which could limit our ability to access cash flows from operations. Any issuance of equity, on the other hand, could result in a dilution of your shareholding. Accordingly, continued increases in our working capital requirements may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

**_13. Our Statutory Auditors and previous statutory auditors have included certain emphasis of matters and certain observations in their auditor’s report on our audited standalone financial statements for Fiscals ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2021, and on our audited consolidated financial statements for Fiscal ended March 31, 2023, and the annexure to the auditor’s reports as required under the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020, in respect of our Company and our Material Subsidiary._** 

Our Statutory Auditors and our previous statutory auditors have included certain emphasis of matters and certain observations in their auditor’s report on our audited standalone financial statements for Fiscals ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2021, and on our audited consolidated financial statements for Fiscal ended March 31, 2023, and the annexure to the auditor’s reports as required under the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020, in respect of our Company and our Material Subsidiary in the manner set forth hereunder: 

**_Emphasis of matter in our statutory auditor’s report on the audited standalone financial statements_** 

_As at and for the year ended March 31, 2023:_ 

Our Statutory Auditors have drawn attention to a specific note to our audited standalone financial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2023, which describes the matter and effects of restatement of comparative financial information included in the standalone financial statements. The opinion of our Statutory Auditors is not modified in respect of this matter. 

# _As at and for the year ended March 31, 2021:_ 

Our previous statutory auditors have drawn attention to a specific note to our audited standalone financial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2021, regarding non-filing of claim for special additional duty (“ **SAD** ”) shown as other recoverable in financials under other current assets related to Fiscal ended March 31, 2017, for ₹ 3.89 million as documents i.e., bill of entries and other documents required for filing is being traced/ collected. Our Company is expected to file the same in financial year 2021-22. Our previous statutory auditors have drawn attention to another specific note to our audited standalone financial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2021, regarding claim for budgetary support under Scheme for Budgetary support introduced by Department of Industrial Promotion and Policy of Government of India of ₹ 8.80 million. Due to technical reason our Company could not file the claim and approached the GST Department for allowing the Company to file the claim. The request is under consideration with the department, which is shown as other receivable under other current assets. The opinion of our previous statutory auditors is not modified in respect of the above matters. 

**_Emphasis of matter in our Statutory Auditor’s report on the audited consolidated financial statements_** 

_As at and for the year ended March 31, 2023:_ 

49 

Our Statutory Auditors have drawn attention to a specific note to our audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2023, which describes the matter and effects of restatement of comparative financial information included in the parent’s standalone financial statements. The opinion of our Statutory Auditors is not modified in respect of this matter. 

# **_Qualifications or adverse remarks under Companies (Auditors Report) Order, 2020 (“CARO”) in the Statutory Auditor’s report on our audited standalone financial statements_** 

_As at and for the year ended March 31, 2023:_ 

- A. Our Statutory Auditors reported that the title deeds of all the immovable properties, (other than those that have been taken on lease) disclosed in the standalone financial statements included in property, plant equipment are held in the name of the Company as at the balance sheet date. In respect of immovable properties that have been taken on lease and disclosed in the standalone financial statements as right of use asset as at the balance sheet date, the lease agreements are duly executed in favour of the Company, except for the following: 

|**Description of**<br>**Immovable**<br>**properties**<br>**taken on lease**|**Gross carrying**<br>**value (as at the**<br>**balance sheet**<br>**date) (₹ in**<br>**lakh)**|**Carrying**<br>**value (as at**<br>**the balance**<br>**sheet date (₹**<br>**in lakh)**|**Held in name of**|**Whether**<br>**promoter,**<br>**director or**<br>**their Relative**<br>**or employee**|**Period held**|**Reason for not**<br>**being held in**<br>**name of**<br>**Company**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Leasehold Land|1,282.22|1,219.95|Erstwhile<br>Partnership firm<br>M/s E- Vision|No|September<br>25, 2006|Refer Note 3(i)<br>to the audited<br>standalone<br>financial<br>statements<br>for<br>Fiscal<br>ended<br>March 31,2023|
|Leasehold Land|679.34|676.56|Elcina<br>Electronics<br>Manufacturing<br>Cluster<br>Private<br>Limited|No|November<br>4, 2022|Refer Note 3(i)<br>to the audited<br>standalone<br>financial<br>statements<br>for<br>Fiscal<br>ended<br>March 31,2023|



- B. In the opinion of our statutory auditor, our Company had an internal audit system, scope and coverage of which needed to be enhanced, for it to be commensurate with the size and the nature of its business. 

**_Qualifications or adverse remarks under Companies (Auditors Report) Order, 2020 (“CARO”) in the Statutory Auditor’s report on our audited consolidated financial statements_** 

_As at and for the year ended March 31, 2023:_ 

|**Name of the entity**|**Nature of**<br>**entity**|**Clause number of section**<br>**3 of the CARO which is**<br>**unfavourable or qualified**<br>**or adverse**|**Management Remarks**|
|---|---|---|---|
|EPACK Durable<br>Limited|Issuer /<br>parent<br>entity|Clause 3(i)(c) – pertaining<br>to title deed of immovable<br>properties taken on lease|The Lease deed was in the name of M/S E-vision,<br>erstwhile partnership firm that was converted into our<br>Company. Subsequent to the year end, on May 27,<br>2023, the name of our Company was updated in the<br>records of State Infrastructure Industrial Development<br>Corporation Uttarakhand Limited (“**SIIDCUL**”) as<br>“EPACK Durable Private Limited”.|
||||The Company has been given an allotment letter for<br>the leasehold land at Bhiwadi (Plot numbers: D-6,7<br>&8). Execution of lease deed is underprocess.|
|||Clause 3 (xiv) – pertaining<br>to internal audit system|Our Company is currently in the process of<br>establishinga robust internal auditplan to be|



50 

|**Name of the entity**|**Nature of**<br>**entity**|**Clause number of section**<br>**3 of the CARO which is**<br>**unfavourable or qualified**<br>**or adverse**|**Management Remarks**|
|---|---|---|---|
||||commensurate with the growing business. Further<br>during the Fiscal ended 2023, our Company has<br>engaged EY as its internal auditor and expects<br>enhancement in its overall internal audit system.|
|EPACK<br>Components<br>Private Limited|Subsidiary|Clause 3(i)(c) – pertaining<br>to title deed of immovable<br>properties taken on lease|The lease deed was in the name of M/S E-Durables,<br>erstwhile partnership firm that was converted into our<br>Material Subsidiary. The name of our Subsidiary was<br>updated in the records of SIIDCUL, but the execution<br>of lease deed in the name of the subsidiary company<br>was completed on May27,2023.|
|||Clause 3(ix)(d) – pertaining<br>to short term funds used for<br>longtermpurposes|The utilisation is primarily on account of excess<br>working capital.|
|||Clause 3 (xiv) – pertaining<br>to internal audit system|Please see our response to clause 3(xiv) of CARO<br>above|
|Epavo Electricals<br>Private Limited|Associate|Clause 3 (i)(xvii) pertaining<br>to cash losses|Our associate has incurred cash losses during<br>gestation period. The associate has successfully<br>commenced commercial production during the Fiscal<br>ended 2023.|



For further information, see “ _Financial Information_ ” on page 261. 

While these emphasis of matters or observations do not require any adjustments to the Restated Financial Information and no additional liabilities have been incurred by our Company on account of these emphasis of matters, there can be no assurance that any similar remarks, emphasis of matter or observations will not form part of our financial statements for the future fiscal periods, which could subject us to additional liabilities due to which our financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_14. Our inability to meet our obligations, including financial and other covenants under our debt financing arrangements could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

As of September 30, 2023, we had a total outstanding indebtedness of ₹ 3,695.74 million. Our ability to meet our debt service obligations and repay our outstanding borrowings will depend primarily on the cash generated by our business. Our financing agreements contain certain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to undertake certain types of actions, any of which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. Our Company is required to obtain prior approval from and provide prior information to our lenders for, _among other things_ , change in control of our Company, change in capital structure or constitutional documents, and any change in the general nature of the business or undertake any new projects or expansion. We have obtained the necessary consents required under the relevant financing documentation for undertaking the activities in relation to the Offer. Any failure in the future to satisfactorily comply with any condition or covenant under our financing agreements (including technical defaults) may lead to termination of one or more of our credit facilities, immediate repayments of our credit facilities or disclose our name as defaulters, any of which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although we have not defaulted on our financial obligations and have been in compliance with covenants in the past, we cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with all such financial obligations and covenants in the future. Further, we have granted security interests over certain of our assets, including charge on our present and future current assets and on our present and future movable and immovable fixed assets, in order to secure our borrowings, and any failure to satisfy our obligations under such borrowings could lead to the forced sale and seizure of such assets, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further details of our obligations under our debt financing arrangements, see “ _Financial Indebtedness - Principal terms of the borrowings availed by our Company_ ” on page 385. 

**_15. Our manufacturing facilities, Registered Office and Corporate Office are located on premises taken on a leave and license / lease basis. There can be no assurance that these leave and license / lease agreements will be renewed upon termination or that we will be able to obtain other premises on leave and license / lease basis on same or similar commercial terms or at all._** 

Our manufacturing facilities are located at Dehradun, Uttarakhand, Bhiwadi, Rajasthan and Sri City, Andhra Pradesh. Our Registered Office is located at 61-B, Udyog Vihar, Kasna Road, Greater Noida, Noida, Gautam 

51 

Buddha Nagar 201 306, Uttar Pradesh, India. Our manufacturing facilities and our Registered Office are located on premises which are on taken on a leave and license / lease basis for a period of up to 99 years. In addition, we have entered into a customer agreement for use of the premises of our Corporate Office at TR - 901, AltF 142 Noida, 9th floor, Plot Number 21 and 21A, Sector 142, Noida - 201 304, Uttar Pradesh, India on rent for a period of three years. While we renew these leave and license / lease agreements periodically, to the extent applicable, in the ordinary course of business, we cannot assure you that we will be able to renew our leases on commercially acceptable terms or at all. In the event that these existing licenses are terminated or they are not renewed on commercially acceptable terms, we may suffer a disruption in our operations. If alternative premises are not available at the same or similar costs, sizes or locations, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Further, our Registered Office has been leased by us from EPACK Polymers Private Limited, which is our Group Company and a member of our Promoter Group. Apart from this, our Company has not leased premises from any Promoter, member of the Promoter Group, Director, Subsidiary or Key Managerial Personnel of our Company or their relatives. For further details, see _“Risk Factors – We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with investors.”_ on page 64. 

**_16. Our business is substantially dependent on the availability of our raw materials and we depend on third parties for the supply of raw materials. Such parties could fail to meet their obligations, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are dependent on third party suppliers for our raw materials. As on September 30, 2023, our supplier network comprised 342 suppliers. The raw materials used by us include copper tubes, steel, aluminium sheets, plastic granules, compressors, controllers and RAC motors. The details of our cost of goods sold for the six months ended September 30, 2023 and the last three Fiscals are set out below: 

|**Particulars**|**Six months**<br>**ended**<br>**September 30,**<br>**2023**|**Fiscal 2023**|**Fiscal 2022**|**Fiscal 2021**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Cost of goods sold (₹ million)|5,275.53|13,240.82|7,943.41|6,490.91|
|Cost of goods sold as a percentage of our<br>revenuefromoperations (%)|85.81|86.04|85.95|88.16|



_Note: Cost of goods sold comprises costs of material consumed, purchase of stock in trade and change in inventories of finished goods and work in progress._ 

Discontinuation of production by our suppliers or a failure of these suppliers to adhere to the delivery schedule or the required quality could hamper our manufacturing schedule and therefore affect our business and results of operations. This dependence may also adversely affect the availability of key materials at reasonable prices thus affecting our margins and may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. There can be no assurance that strong demand, capacity limitations or other problems experienced by our suppliers will not result in occasional shortages or delays in their supply of raw materials. The details of our purchases, and purchases attributable to our top 10 suppliers in the six months ended September 30, 2023, and the last three Fiscals are set out below: 

|**Particulars**|**Six months**<br>**ended**<br>**September 30,**<br>**2023**|**Fiscal 2023**|**Fiscal 2022**|**Fiscal 2021**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Purchases (including purchases of stock-<br>in-trade) (₹ million)|4,229.87|13,404.57|9,139.92|6,806.73|
|Purchases attributable to top 10 suppliers<br>(₹ million)|2,638.45|7,110.30|4,281.27|2,305.34|
|Purchases attributable to top 10 suppliers<br>as a percentage of our Purchases (%)|62.38|53.04|46.84|33.87|



_<mark>Note: Purchases means total materials purchased (including purchase of stock-in-trade as disclosed in the Restated Financial Information)</mark>_ 

<mark>There can be shortages or oversupply (as the case maybe) of key materials or components. A shortage of any of these components generally increases their prices, and may depress our margins to the extent that it is not possible to pass these higher component prices on to our customers. In our experience, such shortages can quickly end and result in oversupply as suppliers ramp up manufacturing following capital expenditures to increase capacity. If we fail to anticipate customer demand properly, a temporary oversupply could result in excess or obsolete components</mark> 

52 

<mark>which could affect our gross margin and may also affect our working capital management. Our Company has not been materially and adversely affected in the past three Fiscals due to shortage of, or increase in the cost of raw materials, as our Company, in many instances has been able to pass on the increase in the cost of raw materials to its customers. However, such volatility in supply of raw materials or components may adversely affect our business if we cannot manage our supply of such components and react quickly to market changes. We believe that shortages and oversupply are integral to our business cycle, and hence there can be no assurance that shortages or oversupply of key components (among others) will not occur in the future or that any such shortages or oversupply will not be a major contributing factor to our results of operations.</mark> 

Additionally, while we have long standing relationships with our suppliers, we do not enter into any long-term contracts with such suppliers. We procure all of our raw materials by way of purchase orders on an ongoing basis and therefore, are required to pay the market price of such products. Any variation in the agreed terms of such contracts would create an adverse impact on our business. Further, our suppliers may not be the exclusive suppliers to us and may also be supplying the raw materials to our competitors. The loss of any of our existing supplier because of termination of existing contracts and increased competition may adversely affect our flow of operations. We are also subject to the risk that one or more of our existing suppliers may discontinue their operations, which may adversely affect our ability to source raw materials at a competitive price. 

**_17. We are subject to environmental, labour, health and safety regulations, which may increase our compliance costs. If we fail to obtain, maintain or renew the licenses, permits and approvals required to operate our business, or fail to comply with applicable laws, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected._** 

Our operations are subject to various laws and regulations and our business requires us to obtain and renew from time to time, certain approvals, licenses, registrations and permits. For details on the regulations and policies applicable to us, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 207. We have incurred and expect to continue incurring costs for compliance with such laws and regulations. These laws and regulations have, however, become increasingly stringent and it is possible that they will become significantly more stringent in the future. For instance, the Code on Social Security, 2020 (yet to be notified) which was introduced to subsume various labour legislations including the Employees’ Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952 (the " **EPF Act** "), prescribes imprisonment of up to three years and not less than one year if contributions have been deducted but not paid by the employer, whereas the EPF Act prescribes imprisonment for a term of up to one year for this offence. Increased requirements of environmental, labour, health and safety laws and regulations, increasingly strict enforcement thereof by governmental authorities, and claims for damages to property or injury to persons resulting from the environmental, labour, health or safety impacts of our Company’s operations, could prevent or restrict some of our Company’s operations, require the expenditure of significant funds to bring our Company into compliance, and / or give rise to civil or criminal liability. If we are unable to remain in compliance with all applicable laws, including pursuant to either any inadvertent actions or inaction by our Company or factors that may be outside the direct control of our Company, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

In addition, we require certain approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions under various regulations, guidelines, circulars and statutes regulated by authorities such as the Government of India, the State Governments and certain other regulatory and government authorities, for operating our business. See “ _Government and Other Approvals – Material approvals relating to our business and operations_ ” on page 391 for further details. While we have obtained a number of approvals required for our operations, certain key approvals for which we have submitted applications for renewal are currently pending, details of which have been set out in “ _Government and Other Approvals – Material approvals applied for, including renewal applications, but not received_ ” on page 394. Failure by us to renew, maintain or obtain the required approvals, licenses, registrations or permits at the requisite time may result in the interruption of our operations and may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For instance, the Petroleum & Explosives Safety Organisation has issued a letter dated July 18, 2023, stating that our Company has stored and used R32 gas on the premises of the Bhiwadi Manufacturing Facility without obtaining a license under the Gas Cylinder Rules, 2016, and directing us to obtain such license. For further details of the approvals which our Company is required to maintain and for which our Company is yet to make applications, please see _“Government and Other Approvals – Material approvals to be applied for”_ on page 394. 

Further, the approvals, licenses, registrations and permits issued to us may be suspended or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. Any suspension or revocation of any of the approvals, licenses, registrations and permits that have been or 

53 

may be issued to us, may impede our operations. Further, we may be subject to manufacturing disruptions due to contraventions by us of any of the conditions of our regulatory approvals, which may require our manufacturing facilities to cease or limit production until the disputes concerning such approvals are resolved. While we have not experienced such instances, in the event such instances occur in the future, it may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_18. Our inability to effectively manage our growth strategy could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We have experienced significant growth over the past three Fiscals. The details of certain of our financial parameters showcasing this growth over the six months ended September 30, 2023 and the last three Fiscals, has been set out below: 

|**Particulars**|**Six months**<br>**ended**<br>**September 30,**<br>**2023**|**Fiscal 2023**|**Fiscal 2022**|**Fiscal 2021**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Revenue from operations(₹ million)|6,148.04|15,388.32|9,241.62|7,362.45|
|EBITDA(₹ million)|369.77|1,025.25|688.03|420.33|
|Profit for theyear(₹ million)|26.54|319.72|174.34|78.03|



Our ability to sustain our rate of growth depends on, among others,: 

- our ability to select and retain key managerial personnel and senior management, 

- maintaining effective risk management policies, 

- training managerial personnel to address emerging challenges, 

- implementing, upgrading and improving our operational systems, procedures and internal controls on a timely basis, 

- our ability to add new customers and grow with existing customers, 

- introduction of new products and maintaining the quality of our products being currently manufactured, 

- general political and economic conditions in India, 

- government policies or strategies in respect of the industries we operate in, 

- prevailing interest rates, 

- price of equipment and raw materials, 

- energy supply, and 

- foreign currency exchange rates. 

We cannot assure that our growth strategy will continue to be successful or that we will be able to continue to grow further, or at the same rate. Our inability to manage our growth effectively or our inability to meet the expectations of our customers and other stakeholders could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_19. We are dependent on third parties for the transportation and timely delivery of our raw materials and products. Any failure by or loss of a third party transport service provider could result in delays and increased costs, which may adversely affect our business._** 

<mark>We use third parties for the supply of our raw materials and for delivery of finished and unfinished products to our domestic and overseas customers, as well as between manufacturing facilities. While we have not faced any instances of transportation strikes in the past, any such instances in the future could have an adverse effect on our supplies and deliveries to and from particular manufacturing facilities on a timely and cost-efficient basis. Problems suffered by any of these third parties, including natural disasters, pandemics, labour problems, increased energy prices, or criminal activity, could result in delays for products or materials, increased costs or other supply chain disruptions, and could therefore have a negative impact on our ability to receive products from suppliers and deliver products to customers, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, any compensation received from insurers or third-party transportation providers may be insufficient to cover the cost of any delays and will not repair the damage to our relationships with our affected customers. An increase in freight costs or the unavailability of adequate port and shipping infrastructure for transportation of our products to our markets may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. However, our cash flows may still be adversely affected because of any unanticipated delay between the date of procurement of those primary raw materials and date on which we can reset the component prices for our customers, to account for the increase in the prices of</mark> 

54 

<mark>such raw materials. Our need to maintain a continued supply of raw materials may make it difficult to resist price increases and surcharges.</mark> 

**_20. We have entered into a memorandum of understanding with East India Technologies Private Limited (“East India”), which provides for segregation of business activities, which may potentially and adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our Company entered into the Memorandum of Understanding dated September 18, 2021 with East India (such agreement, the “ **MoU** ”) to ensure segregation of business activities of our Company from those of East India to facilitate the mutual interests of both entities and enable a business and operational framework for the better functioning of both entities. 

<mark>Pursuant to the MoU, only our Company may (and East India may not) engage in the manufacture of specified products such as air conditioning and refrigeration products, air handling products, kitchen appliances and washing and drying equipment, while only East India may (and our Company may not) engage in the manufacture of specified products such as audio equipment, camera equipment, desktop computers, laptops and computer accessories, renewable energy electronics, industrial engineering products, televisions and lighting equipment. Further, our Company and East India have agreed not to pursue business relationships with common suppliers or customers for import, export, assembly, manufacture or fabrication of conflicting products or product segments that may harm each entity’s respective business model or relationships with suppliers or customers. Our Company and East India have undertaken that they shall not solicit each other’s customers for identical products, enter into business segments that fall within the domain of the other party or provide employment to any person working with the other party at a middle or senior management level. In the event of any breach of the MoU by East India pursuant to which East India manufactures products similar to those manufactured by us, it may result in a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.</mark> 

**_<mark>21. Pricing pressure from customers may adversely affect our gross margin, profitability and ability to increase our prices.</mark>_** 

Our customers often pursue price reduction initiatives and objectives with their suppliers including us. While we have not experienced such instances in the past, any reduction in prices for our products while maintaining stringent quality standards may lead to a decrease in our margins, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. Our business is capital intensive, requiring us to maintain a substantial fixed asset base. Therefore, our profitability is dependent, in part, on our ability to spread fixed production costs over higher production volume. 

Our EBITDA Margin, PAT Margin and Gross Profit Margin in the six months ended September 30, 2023, and the last three Fiscals are set out below: 

|**Particulars**|**Six months**<br>**ended**<br>**September**<br>**30, 2023**|**Fiscal 2023**|**Fiscal 2022**|**Fiscal 2021**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|EBITDA Margin(%)<sup>(1)</sup>|6.01|6.66|7.44|5.71|
|PAT Margin(%)<sup>(2)</sup>|0.43|2.08|1.89|1.06|
|Gross Profit Margin(%)<sup>(3)</sup>|14.19|13.96|14.05|11.84|



_Notes:_ 

_(1) EBITDA Margin is calculated as EBITDA divided by Revenue from Operations._ 

_(2) PAT Margin is calculated as restated profit for the year divided by Revenue from Operations._ 

_(3) Gross Profit Margin is calculated as Gross Profit divided by Revenue from Operations._ 

Our customers typically negotiate for larger discounts in price as the volume of their orders increases. While we have not experienced such instances in the past, if we are unable to efficiently undertake manufacturing and generate sufficient cost savings in the future to offset price reductions or if there is any reduction in customer demand for our products, our sales, gross margin and profitability may reduce, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 

# **_22. Our RAC business is subject to seasonal variations and cyclicality that could result in fluctuations in our results of operations._** 

The demand for RACs typically peak during the first half of the calendar year and reduce in the second half of the 

55 

calendar year. Erratic weather conditions impacting the warm weather during the peak sales season of summer, may adversely affect our sales volumes, and could therefore have a disproportionate impact on our results of operations and financial condition in the relevant year. Such fluctuations have in the past, and may in the future, result in our customers modifying or reducing the orders for RACs placed with us. 

Our revenue attributable to RACs as a percentage of our total revenue for the six months ended September 30, 2023, Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 are set out below: 

|**Particulars**|**Six months**<br>**ended**<br>**September**<br>**30, 2023**|**Fiscal 2023**|**Fiscal 2022**|**Fiscal 2021**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Revenue attributable to sale of RACs*(₹ million)|4,816.28|12,807.11|7,548.47|6,390.80|
|Revenue attributable to sale of RACs* as a<br>percentage of revenuefromoperations (%)|78.34|83.23|81.68|86.80|



* _Including sale of RAC spares and RAC components._ 

As a result of such fluctuations, our sales and results of operations may vary by fiscal quarter, and the sales and results of operations of any given fiscal quarter may not be relied upon as indicators of the sales or results of operations of other fiscal quarters or of our future performance. Such varying fluctuations and seasonality in demand in some quarters may lead to operational losses. In addition, most of our revenue is from customers whose businesses are similarly cyclical in nature and subject to changes in general economic conditions. As a result, any adverse developments in such industries could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**_23. If we do not continue to invest in new technologies and equipment, our technologies and equipment may become obsolete and our cost of production may increase relative to our competitors, which would have an adverse effect on our ability to compete, results of operations, financial condition and prospects._** 

Our profitability and competitiveness are in large part dependent on our ability to maintain a low cost of production. Changes in technology and high costs of raw materials may make advanced manufacturing equipment more competitive than ours or may require us to make additional capital expenditures to upgrade our facilities. We need to continue to invest in new and more advanced technologies and equipment to enable us to respond to emerging industry standards and practices in a cost-effective and timely manner that is competitive with other RAC manufacturing companies and other methods of manufacturing. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully make timely and cost-effective enhancements and additions to our technological infrastructure, keep up with technological improvements in order to meet our customers’ needs or that the technology developed by others will not render our products less competitive or attractive. If we are unable to adapt in a timely manner to changing market conditions, customer requirements or technological changes, our business and financial performance could be adversely affected. 

**_24. Our failure to keep our technical knowledge confidential could erode our competitive advantage._** 

We possess extensive technical knowledge about our products and manufacturing know-how. For details of the IPR owned / used by us, see “ _Our Business – Intellectual Property_ ” on page 204. Our technical knowledge i.e., knowledge of our manufacturing processes and related aspects, is an asset that may not be sufficiently protected by intellectual property rights such as patent registration. For further details, see _“Risk Factors – Any inability to protect our intellectual property or any claims that we infringe on the intellectual property rights of others could have a material adverse effect on us.”_ on page 63. As a result, we cannot be certain that our technical knowledge will remain confidential in the long run. Certain technical knowledge may be leaked, either inadvertently or wilfully, at various stages of the manufacturing process. Some of our employees have access to confidential processes and product and customer information. Moreover, certain of our employees may leave us and join our various competitors. While the appointment letters issued to our employees typically contain confidentiality clauses, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully enforce such provisions. 

We also enter into confidentiality arrangements with many of our customers, but we cannot assure you that such agreements will be successful in protecting our technical knowledge. In the event of any breach or alleged breach of our confidentiality agreements with our customers, these customers may terminate their engagements with us or initiate litigation for breach of contract. The potential damage from such disclosure is increased as most of our products are not patented, and thus we may have no recourse against copies of our products that enter the market subsequent to such leakages. In the event the confidential technical information in respect of our products or business becomes available to third parties or to the general public, any competitive advantage we may have over 

56 

other companies in the sectors we operate in could be harmed. If a competitor is able to reproduce or otherwise capitalise on our technology, it may be difficult, expensive or impossible for us to obtain necessary legal protection. Any leakage of confidential technical information in the future could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects. 

**_25. We are dependent on our Promoters, Directors and other Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management, including other employees with technical expertise. Any loss of or our inability to attract or retain such persons could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are led by our Promoters who are also Directors, with a cumulative experience of more than 100 years in the electronics manufacturing industry and their experience and leadership has played a key factor in our growth and development. We are also dependent on our Key Managerial Personnel including our business heads for the dayto-day management of our business operations. Our management team of qualified and experienced professionals enables us to identify new avenues of growth and help us to implement our business strategies in an efficient manner and to continue to build on our track record of successful product offerings. We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain these employees or find adequate replacements in a timely manner, or at all. Any loss of, or interruption in the services of our key management personnel or senior management could significantly affect our ability to effectively manage our operations and to meet our strategic objectives. In addition, we could incur additional expenses and need to devote significant time and resources to recruit and train replacement personnel, which could further disrupt our business and growth. The details of the attrition of our permanent employees in the last three Fiscals are set out below: 

|**Particulars**|**Six months**<br>**ended**<br>**September**<br>**30, 2023**|**Fiscal 2023**|**Fiscal 2022**|**Fiscal 2021**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Numberofpermanent employees attritted|109|206|228|228|
|Number of our permanent employees attritted as<br>a percentage of total number of permanent<br>employees as at the end ofthe year/ period (%)|13.51|28.07|36.66|47.70|
|Total number of permanent employees as at the<br>end of the year / period|807|734|622|478|



We depend on our ability to recruit and retain employees who have advanced engineering and technical services skills and who work well with our customers. These employees are in high demand and are likely to remain a limited resource in the foreseeable future. Further, as we expect to continue to expand our operations and develop new products, we will need to continue to attract and retain experienced management personnel. If we are unable to recruit and retain a sufficient number of these employees, then our ability to maintain our competitiveness and grow our business could be negatively affected. In addition, because of the technical nature of our products, the loss of any significant number of our existing engineering personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. 

**_26. Restrictions on import of raw materials, including among others, imports from China, may adversely impact our business and results of operations._** 

Any restrictions, either from the Central or state governments of India, or from countries which we import from, on such imports may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. For instance, we currently import certain of our raw materials from China where in the past there have been conditions imposed by the government in relation to the commerce and trade. 

The details of the cost of materials imported in the six months ended September 30, 2023 and the last three Fiscals is set out below: 

|**Particulars**|**Six months**<br>**ended**<br>**September 30,**<br>**2023**|**Fiscal 2023**|**Fiscal 2022**|**Fiscal 2021**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Cost of materials imported (₹ million)|1,686.53|5,268.81|3,347.91|1,834.52|
|Cost<br>of<br>materials<br>imported<br>as a<br>percentage of our total cost of materials<br>purchased (including purchase of stock-<br>in-trade) (%)|39.87|39.31|36.63|26.95|



57 

Further, the amount of materials imported from China in the six months ended September 30, 2023 and the last three Fiscals is set out below: 

|**Particulars**|**Six months**<br>**ended**<br>**September 30,**<br>**2023**|**Fiscal 2023**|**Fiscal 2022**|**Fiscal 2021**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Cost of materials imported from China (₹<br>million)|1,440.20|2,817.76|1,554.51|956.56|
|Cost of materials imported from China as<br>a percentage of our total cost of materials<br>purchased (including purchase of stock-<br>in-trade)(%)|34.05|21.02|17.01|14.05|



While we have not faced any material instances in the past where such restrictions have adversely affected our operations, there can be no assurance that such restrictions / regulations would not be made more stringent which would consequently restrict our ability to import raw materials from other jurisdictions. Further, there can be no assurance that, under these circumstances, we will be successful in identifying alternate suppliers for raw materials or we will be able to source the raw materials at favourable terms in a timely manner. 

# **_27. We face foreign exchange risks that could adversely affect our results of operations._** 

We imported components and materials such as copper and aluminium sheets. The details of the cost of raw materials imported in the last three Fiscals is set out below. We have also set out below our profit / loss on foreign exchange fluctuation in the six months ended September 30, 2023 and the last three Fiscals: 

|**Particulars**|**Six months**<br>**ended**<br>**September 30,**<br>**2023**|**Fiscal 2023**|**Fiscal 2022**|**Fiscal 2021**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Cost of materialsimported (₹ million)|1,686.53|5,268.81|3,347.91|1,834.52|
|Cost<br>of<br>materials<br>imported<br>as a<br>percentage of our total cost of materials<br>purchased (including purchase of stock-<br>in-trade)(%)|39.87|39.31|36.63|26.95|
|Profit / (loss) on foreign exchange<br>fluctuation*|11.21|(37.43)|19.00|13.92|



_* Profit/(loss) on foreign exchange fluctuation is calculated on the basis of change in exchange rate between the date of foreign currency transactions and the date of their actual payments/reporting periods (for outstanding balances) as reported in the Restated Financial Information._ 

We are therefore exposed to fluctuations in exchange rates against the Indian Rupee. Further, our Company does not have a formal hedging policy. Due to the time gap between the accounting of purchases and actual payments, the foreign exchange rate at which the purchase is recorded in the books of accounts may vary with the foreign exchange rate at which the payment is made, thereby benefiting or affecting us negatively, depending on the appreciation or depreciation of the Rupee. We may, therefore, be exposed to risks arising from exchange rate fluctuations and we may not be able to pass on all losses on account of foreign currency fluctuations to our customers, and as a result, suffer losses on this account. There is no guarantee that we may be able to manage our foreign currency risk effectively or mitigate exchange exposures, at all times and our inability may harm our results of operations and cause our results to fluctuate and/or decline. 

# **_28. Under-utilization of our manufacturing capacities may have an adverse effect on our business, future prospectus and future financial performance._** 

Our capacity utilization is affected by the availability of raw materials, industry and market conditions as well as by the product requirements of, and the procurement practice followed by, our customers. In the event that we are unable to achieve full capacity utilization of our current manufacturing facilities, this would result in operational inefficiencies which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, future prospects and future financial performance. For further details in relation to our capacity utilization, see _“Our Business – Our Manufacturing Facilities_ ” on page 194. 

Under-utilization of our manufacturing capacities over extended periods, or significant under-utilization in the 

58 

short term, could adversely impact our business, growth prospects and future financial performance. In addition, we have made, and may continue to make significant investments in our manufacturing facilities. Our expected return on capital invested is subject to, among other factors, the ability to ensure satisfactory performance of personnel to further grow our business, our ability to absorb additional infrastructure costs and utilize the expanded capacities as anticipated. In case of oversupply in the industry or lack of demand, we may not be able to utilize our capacity efficiently. 

# **_29. The activities carried out at our manufacturing facilities can cause injury to people or property in certain circumstances._** 

The activities carried out at our manufacturing facilities may be potentially dangerous to our employees. While we employ safety procedures in the operation of our manufacturing facilities and maintain what we believe to be adequate insurance, there is a risk that an accident may occur at any of our manufacturing facilities. An accident may result in personal injury to our employees or the labour deployed at our facilities, destruction of property or equipment, manufacturing or delivery delays, environmental damage, or may lead to suspension of our operations and/or imposition of liabilities. Any such accident may result in litigation, the outcome of which is difficult to assess or quantify, and the cost to defend such litigation can be significant. As a result, the costs to defend any action or the potential liability resulting from any such accident or death or arising out of any other litigation, and any negative publicity associated therewith, may have a negative effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

**_30. We engage contract labour for our manufacturing operations. Non-availability of such contract labour or any liability incurred in relation to such contract labour may have a material adverse impact on our operations._** 

We operate in a labour-intensive industry and accordingly, employ labour as well as contractual labour. This results in significant labour as well as contractual labour costs for our Company. As on September 30, 2023, we employed 1,165 contract labour. Our dependence on contract labour may result in significant risks for our operations, relating to the availability and skill of such contract labourers, as well as contingencies affecting availability of such contract labour during peak periods (particularly considering the seasonality of our business) in labour intensive sectors such as ours. There can be no assurance that we will have adequate access to skilled and unskilled workmen at reasonable rates. For instance, our manufacturing process is dependent on a technology driven production system and any inability of our labour to successfully familiarise with such technology will adversely affect our business, financial condition, result of operations and cash flows. 

Further, our Company appoints independent contractors who in turn engage a significant number of on-site contract labourers for performance of our business operations. As of September 30, 2023, our Company engaged 16 independent contractors. Although our Company does not engage these labourers directly, we may be held responsible for any wage payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractors. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 

**_31. Our business is highly concentrated on RACs and vulnerable to variations in demand and changes in consumer preferences, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our business is currently highly concentrated on RACs. Details of our revenue attributable to the sale of RACs and SDAs and our revenue attributable to the sale of RACs and SDAs as a percentage of our revenue from operations for the six months ended September 30, 2023, and Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021 are set out below: 

|**Particulars**|**Six months**<br>**ended**<br>**September 30,**<br>**2023**|**Fiscal 2023**|**Fiscal 2022**|**Fiscal 2021**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Revenue attributable to sale of RACs* (₹<br>million)|4,816.28|12,807.11|7,548.47|6,390.80|
|Revenue attributable to sale of RACs* as a<br>percentage of revenue from operations (%)|78.34|83.23|81.68|86.80|
|Revenue attributable to sale of SDAs* (₹<br>million)|1,130.94|2,177.56|1,491.01|831.83|
|Revenue attributable to sale of SDAs*as a|18.40|14.15|16.13|11.30|



59 

<u>percentage of revenue from operations (%)</u> 

_* Including sale of spares and components._ 

Our sales of RACs are dependent on a number of factors, and may decline as a result of increased competition, regulatory action, pricing pressures or fluctuations in the demand for or supply of our products and other factors outside our control. If we are unable to anticipate, gauge and respond to changing customer preferences, or if we are unable to adapt to such changes by modifying our existing products or launch new products on a timely basis, we may lose or fail to attract customers. A decline in demand for our products or a misjudgement on our part could lead to increased market acceptance of our competitors’ products or may result in the substitution of our products in the market, which could lead to us having lower sales. This may render us unable to support other business verticals and cause a decline in our revenues and profits, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

# **_32. We have significant planned capital expenditure, and such expenditure may not yield the benefits we anticipate._** 

We have incurred capital expenditure of ₹ 1,255.84 million, ₹ 2,021.65 million, ₹ 2,355.58 million and ₹ 126.26 million in the six months ended September 30, 2023, and in Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, as detailed in the section “ _Objects of the Offer – Details of the Objects – Funding capital expenditure for the expansion / setting up of manufacturing facilities_ ” on page 112 of this Red Herring Prospectus, we intend to set up a new manufacturing facility in Bhiwadi, Rajasthan and in Sri City, Andhra Pradesh, and purchase certain equipment for the Bhiwadi Manufacturing Facility, which will be funded through the Net Proceeds. 

Our capital expenditure plans are subject to a number of variables, including possible cost overruns; accidents, construction and development delays or defects; construction being affected by adverse weather conditions; satisfactory and timely performance by construction contractors; receipt of any governmental or regulatory approvals and permits; political risk; availability of financing on acceptable terms; and changes in management’s views of the desirability of current plans, among others. We may also require additional financing to expand and upgrade our existing manufacturing facilities as well as to construct new manufacturing facilities. However, financing required for such investments may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all, and we may be restricted by the terms and conditions of our existing or future financing agreements. If we decide to raise additional funds through the incurrence of debt, our interest obligations will increase, which could significantly affect financial measures such as our earnings per share. If we decide to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, your ownership interest in our Company will be diluted. 

Our ability to finance our capital expenditure plans is also subject to a number of risks, contingencies and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, including borrowing or lending restrictions under applicable laws and general economic and capital markets conditions. Further, we cannot assure you that our operations will be able to generate cash flows sufficient to cover such costs. Any inability to obtain sufficient financing could result in the delay, reduction or abandoning of our development, expansion and acquisition plans. As a result, if adequate capital is not available, there could be an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Consequently, we cannot assure you that any expansion or improvement of our existing manufacturing facilities or construction of new manufacturing facilities, will be completed as planned or on schedule, or that we will achieve our increased planned output capacity or operational efficiency. If we experience significant delays in the implementation of our expansion plans or if there are significant cost overruns, the overall benefit of such plans to our revenues and profitability may decline. If the expenditure that we incur does not produce anticipated or desired results, our profitability and financial condition will be adversely affected. 

**_33. We are dependent on third parties for the transportation and timely delivery of our raw materials and products. Any failure by or loss of a third party transport service provider could result in delays and increased costs, which may adversely affect our business._** 

<mark>We use third parties for the supply of our raw materials and for delivery of finished and unfinished products to our domestic and overseas customers, as well as between manufacturing facilities. While we have not faced any instances of transportation strikes in the past, any such instances in the future could have an adverse effect on our supplies and deliveries to and from particular manufacturing facilities on a timely and cost-efficient basis. An increase in freight costs or the unavailability of adequate port and shipping infrastructure for transportation of our products to our markets may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. However, our cash flows may still be adversely affected because of any unanticipated delay between the date of procurement of those</mark> 

60 

<mark>primary raw materials and date on which we can reset the component prices for our customers, to account for the increase in the prices of such raw materials. Our need to maintain a continued supply of raw materials may make it difficult to resist price increases and surcharges.</mark> 

**_34. Any reduction in or termination of tax incentives we enjoy or change in other favorable government policies may affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

We are entitled to certain benefits under the Income Tax Act, 1961, the Foreign Trade (Development and Regulation) Act, 1992 (read with Foreign Trade Policy 2015-20), Central Goods and Services Act, 2017, the respective State Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017, Integrated Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017 (read with relevant Rules prescribed thereunder), among others. For details of the special tax benefits available to our Company, its shareholders and Material Subsidiary, see “ _Statement of Special Tax Benefits_ ” on page 140. We have also been selected as beneficiaries for grant of incentives under the ‘ _PLI for White Goods (Air Conditioners & LED Lights)_ ’ notified by the Ministry of Commerce & Industry on April 16, 2021. Details of the tax incentives accrued by our Company in the six months ended September 30, 2023, and the last three Fiscals are set out below: 

|**Particulars**|**Six months**<br>**ended**<br>**September 30,**<br>**2023**|**Fiscal 2023**|**Fiscal 2022**|_(in ₹ million)_<br>**Fiscal 2021**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|PLI incentives accrued by ourCompany|74.90|150.00|Nil|Nil|



Any newly introduced or revised policies in relation to the tax, duties or other such levies issued by relevant tax authorities, may deprive us of our existing benefits which may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. We cannot predict the current or future initiatives of the governments and relevant authorities and there can be no assurance that we will continue to enjoy tax incentives. We may not be able to comply with the obligations and stipulations that would allow us to avail ourselves of such benefits or concessions, and consequently, we may lose such benefits and concessions. The reduction or termination of our tax incentives, or non-compliance with the conditions under which such tax incentives are made available, will increase our tax liability and adversely affect our business results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Further, there are various government initiatives such as the ban by DGFT on import of gas filled air conditioners, and the ban on import on refrigerants that have helped drive the growth of the Indian RAC manufacturing industry. Any change or withdrawal of such government policies may adversely affect our business results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_35. The COVID-19 pandemic impacted our business and operations and any similar occurrence in the future may have a similar adverse effect on our business, operations and our future financial performance._** 

An outbreak of COVID-19 was recognized as a pandemic by the World Health Organization (“ **WHO** ”) on March 11, 2020. In response to the COVID-19 outbreak the governments of many countries, including India, had taken and may continue to take preventive or protective actions, such as imposing country-wide lockdowns, restrictions on travel and business operations and advising or requiring individuals to limit time spent outside of their homes. Temporary closures of businesses were ordered, and numerous other businesses were temporarily closed on a voluntary basis as well. As a consequence of these lockdowns, our supply chain was disrupted, large parts of our workforce were unable to attend work at our manufacturing facilities, and social distancing requirements imposed further restrictions on the number of people who could work in our manufacturing facilities. The lockdowns in India and in other countries, specifically China (due to its zero-COVID policy), caused major supply chain disruptions. The nationwide lockdown in India resulted in the full closure of our manufacturing facilities from March 22, 2020 to May 21, 2020, and then again in May 2021 resulting in no manufacturing for that period. Subsequent social distancing requirements also meant that significantly fewer workers were able to come into our manufacturing facilities, which materially reduced our manufacturing capacity. In addition, our suppliers experienced similar COVID-19 related closures or reductions in their capacity utilization levels due to similar circumstances, and accordingly had difficulty sourcing the materials necessary to fulfil production requirements. Any such factors in similar circumstances in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_36. The geographical concentration of our manufacturing facilities may restrict our operations and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial conditions._** 

61 

We currently operate through three manufacturing facilities in Dehradun, Uttarakhand, Bhiwadi, Rajasthan and Sri City, Andhra Pradesh. For details of our manufacturing facilities, see “ _Our Business – Our Manufacturing Facilities_ ” on page 194. There are no instances in the past linked to the location of our Company’s manufacturing facilities in these states, that have materially and adversely affected business and operations of the Company. However, due to the geographic concentration of our manufacturing operations, our operations are susceptible to local and regional factors, such as accidents, system failures, economic and weather conditions, natural disasters, and demographic and population changes, the outbreak of infectious diseases and other unforeseen events and circumstances. Such disruptions could result in the damage or destruction of a significant portion of our manufacturing abilities, significant delays in the transport of our products and/or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_37. We may undertake joint ventures or such other strategic alliances which may be difficult to integrate and manage. Further, our partners may not perform their obligations satisfactorily and their interests may differ from ours, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

Our efforts at diversifying into new products and into new domestic or international markets can be facilitated by entering into joint venture agreements or strategic alliances with partners whose operations, resources, capabilities and strategies are complementary to our Company. There can be no assurance that the integration of such ventures in the future, whether strategic or financial will be successful or that the expected strategic benefits of any such action will be realised. In order to achieve global growth and recognition, we will have to maintain such ventures and take initiatives to enter into similar arrangements. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable partners on commercially reasonable terms or be able to raise sufficient funds to finance such strategies for growth. If we are unable to successfully manage relationships with our partners, our growth and profitability may suffer. Our reliance on such partners may increase in sectors where we have limited experience. Any of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and business prospects. Further there is no assurance that our products manufactured through joint ventures and alliances will generate the expected levels of interest amongst our customers or that our new ventures will generate return on investment at expected levels or at all. 

**_38. Our insurance policies may not be adequate to cover all losses incurred in our business. An inability to maintain adequate insurance cover to protect us from material adverse incidents in connection with our business may adversely affect our operations and profitability._** 

Our operations are subject to certain hazards such as work accidents, fire, earthquakes, flood and other _force majeure_ events, acts of terrorism and explosions, including hazards that may cause destruction of property and inventory. Our principal types of insurance coverage include coverage for our stocks that includes all normal risks associated with our business, including fire, burglary and certain natural disasters such as earthquakes and floods. These insurance policies are generally valid for a year and are renewed annually. In our experience, the amount of insurance currently maintained by us represents an appropriate level of coverage required to insure our business and operations. 

The details of our total insurance coverage and our insurance coverage as a percentage of our total assets (excluding intangible assets and deferred tax assets) on a consolidated basis, as of September 30, 2023, March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 as per our Restated Financial Information, has been set out below: 

||**As of September 30,**<br>**2023**|**As of March 31, 2023**|**As of March 31, 2022**|**As of March 31,**<br>**2021**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Insurance cover on**<br>**total assets (excluding**<br>**intangible assets and**<br>**deferred tax assets) (in**<br>**₹ million)**|44,061.81|42,905.17|36,644.34|12,762.89|
|**Total assets (excluding**<br>**intangible assets and**<br>**deferred tax assets) (in**<br>**₹ million)**|9,314.46|13,684.45|9,878.10|4,854.70|
|**Insurance cover as a**<br>**percentage of our total**<br>**assets**<br>**(excluding**<br>**intangible assets and**<br>**deferred tax assets)**<br>**(%)**|473.05|313.53|370.97|262.90|



62 

Our insurance may not be adequate to completely cover any or all of our risks and liabilities. There can be no assurance that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. Our inability to maintain adequate insurance cover in connection with our business could adversely affect our operations and profitability. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage as a result of events for which we are not insured, or for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, or which is not covered by insurance, exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, financial performance and cash flows could be adversely affected. For further information on our insurance arrangements, see “ _Our Business – Insurance_ ” on page 205. 

**_39. Any inability to protect our intellectual property or any claims that we infringe on the intellectual property rights of others could have a material adverse effect on us._** 

We have one patent registration and have filed two patent applications with respect to our manufacturing processes. In addition, we have ten designs in respect of our products registered with the Controller General of Patents, Designs and Trade Marks. Our future patents, and design registrations are subject to expiration, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to renew all of them prior to expiration. For further details, see “ _Our Business – Intellectual Property_ ” on page 204. We rely on protections available under Indian law, which may not be adequate to prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties. Notwithstanding the precautions we take to protect our intellectual property rights, it is possible that third parties may copy or otherwise infringe on our rights, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Further, while we take care to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of others, we cannot determine with certainty whether we are infringing any existing third-party intellectual property rights. Any claims of intellectual property infringement from third parties, regardless of merit or resolution of such claims, could force us to incur significant costs in responding to, defending and resolving such claims, and may divert the efforts and attention of our management and technical personnel away from our business. The risk of being subject to intellectual property infringement claims will increase as we continue to expand our operations and product offerings. As a result of such infringement claims, we could be required to pay third party infringement claims, alter our technologies, obtain licenses or cease some portions of our operations. While no such instances have occurred in the past, the occurrence of any of the foregoing in the future could result in unexpected expenses. 



**_40. We have been given permission to use the trademarks ‘EPACK’ and ‘ ’,  which are owned by EPACK Polymers Private Limited, one of our Group Companies and a member of our Promoter Group, and are exposed to the risk that our use of these trademarks may be affected by events beyond our control and that EPACK Polymers Private Limited may prevent us from using them in the future._** 

EPACK Polymers Private Limited (“ **EPACK Polymers”** ) has provided us with permission to use the trademarks ‘EPACK’ (together with representations and reproductions thereof in any style or manner, including, but not 



limited to “EPACK”, “Epack”, or “EPack”) and ‘ ’ (the “ **Trademarks** ”), pursuant to the Trade Mark Licensing Agreement dated July 29, 2023 (the “ **TMLA** ”). Pursuant to the TMLA, we have been given a nonexclusive, non-assignable, non-sub-licensable, non-transferable, revocable license to use the Trademarks in connection with our Company’s business as a product / service identification mark and as part of our corporate name, and for our trading style, domain name and for all other official purposes for a term of 25 years, for an amount of ₹ 0.10 million per 12 months. For further details about the TMLA, see _“History and Certain Corporate Matters – Other material agreements”_ on page 222. 

Accordingly, we are exposed to the risk that the Trademarks may be affected by events beyond our control, including any actions or activities undertaken by EPACK Polymers or any matters that may impact their reputation. In addition, if the TMLA is terminated by EPACK Polymers, we could be required to expend significant resources to establish new branding and name recognition in the market, and change our trademarks, logos and trading name. This may have an adverse effect on our brand, cause a loss of goodwill and result in increased costs, which may further have an adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_41. We operate separate business verticals and our inability to manage our diversified operations may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

63 

We operate in separate business verticals, RACs and SDAs. As a result of operating such diverse businesses, our management requires considerable expertise and skill to manage and allocate an appropriate amount of time and attention to each business. Operating such diverse businesses also makes forecasting future revenue and operating results difficult, which may impair our operations and your ability to assess our prospects. In addition, our cost controls, internal controls, and accounting and reporting systems must be integrated and upgraded on a continual basis to support our diversified businesses. While we have developed the small domestic appliances business to utilise our manufacturing capacity during such season when the room air conditioners production is low, we cannot assure you that such strategy will work in future. To manage and integrate our diversified businesses effectively, we will be required to, among other things, stay abreast with key developments in each segment in which we operate, implement and continue to improve our operational, financial and management systems, develop the management skills of our managers and continue to train, motivate and manage our employees. If we are unable to manage our diversified operations, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

# **_42. We have certain contingent liabilities which, if materialized, may adversely affect our financial condition._** 

As of September 30, 2023, our contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37 – Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets, that have not been provided for in our results of operations were as follows: 

||||_(in_₹_million)_|
|---|---|---|---|
|**S. No.**||**Particulars**|**As on September 30, 2023**|
|1.|Income tax matters||6.30|
|2.|GST matters||7.39|
|**Total**|||**13.69**|



We have not made provisions for the above contingent liabilities, as they are either possible obligations whose existence will be confirmed only by future uncertain events outside the control of our Company or are present obligations where the outflow of economic resources may not be probable or cannot be measured reliably. If a significant portion of these liabilities materialize, we may have to fulfil our payment obligations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further information on our contingent liabilities, see “ _Restated Financial Information – Note 35 – Commitments and contingencies_ ” on page 312. 

# **_43. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with investors._** 

We have entered into transactions with related parties in the past and from, time to time, we may enter into related party transactions in the future. These transactions include, among others, lease of our Registered Office from our Group Company and member of our Promoter Group, EPACK Polymers Private Limited and remuneration to our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel. For further information relating to our related party transactions, see “ _Restated Financial Information – Note 36 – Related party disclosures_ ” on page 313. While all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, we cannot assure you that we might not have obtained more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. 

Further, all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, in accordance with the Companies Act and other applicable regulations pertaining to the evaluation and approval of such transactions. While we shall endeavour to conduct all related party transactions post listing of the Equity Shares subject to the Board’s or Shareholders’ approval, as applicable, and in compliance with the applicable accounting standards, provisions of Companies Act, 2013, as amended, provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations and other applicable law, such related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. While the Company will endeavour to duly address such conflicts of interest as and when they may arise, we cannot assure you that these arrangements in the future, or any future related party transactions that we may enter into, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects or may potentially involve any conflict of interest **.** 

**_44. Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus disclose information from the industry report which has been commissioned and paid for by us exclusively in connection with the Offer and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in the Offer is subject to inherent risk._** 

64 

We have availed the services of an independent third-party research agency, F&S, appointed by us pursuant to an engagement letter dated March 12, 2023, entered into with our Company, to prepare the F&S Report, for purposes of inclusion of such information in this Prospectus to understand the industry in which we operate, that has been exclusively commissioned and paid for by us, for purposes of inclusion of such information in this Red Herring Prospectus. The F&S Report is available on the website of our Company at www.epackdurable.com/investorrelations. Certain information in “ _Industry Overview_ ”, “ _Our Business_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ”, on pages 147, 181 and 343, respectively, have been derived from the F&S Report. Given the scope and extent of the F&S Report, disclosures are limited to certain excerpts and the Industry Report has not been reproduced in its entirety in the Red Herring Prospectus. There are no material facts (which may be relevant for the Offer) or facts which are material from the perspective of investors for enabling them to take an informed investment decision in relation to the Offer, that have been left out. 

Furthermore, the F&S Report is prepared based on information as of specific dates, which may no longer be current or reflect current trends. The F&S Report may also base its opinion on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. According to the engagement terms and the F&S Report, F&S states that while it has taken reasonable care to ensure the accuracy and completeness of the F&S Report, which is based on information obtained from primary and secondary research, and publicly available sources, including official publications and research reports (the “ **Data** ”). The F&S Report also highlights certain industry, peer and market data, which may be subject to assumptions. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which we conduct our business, and methodologies and assumptions vary widely amongst different industry sources. Furthermore, such assumptions may change based on various factors. The F&S Report is subject to various limitations and based upon certain assumptions that are subjective in nature. Due to possibly flawed or ineffective collection methods or discrepancies between published information and market practice and other problems, the statistics herein may be inaccurate or may not be comparable to statistics produced for other economies and should not be unduly relied upon. Further, there is no assurance that they are stated or compiled on the same basis or with the same degree of accuracy as may be the case elsewhere. Statements from third parties that involve estimates are subject to change, and actual amount may differ materially from those included in this Red Herring Prospectus. In view of the foregoing, you may not be able to seek legal recourse for any losses resulting from undertaking any investment in the Offer pursuant to reliance on the information in this Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the F&S Report. Also see “ _Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information and Market Data and Currency of Presentation – Industry and Market Data_ ” on page 21. 

**_45. Our contracts with our customers and / or the purchase orders issued by them to us contain various terms and conditions and we may have limited scope to negotiate such terms of these contracts and / or purchase orders and may have to accept unusual or onerous provisions._** 

Our contracts with our customers and / or the purchase orders issued by them to us, depending on the customer, may contain terms and conditions which include among others the nature and specification of products to be manufactured and supplied by us, manner of inspection and testing of products manufactured, representation and warranties made by us in relation to our manufacturing capabilities, process to be followed in case of defects, steps to ensure compliance with applicable laws, quality of products, undertakings in relation to protection of intellectual property of our customers, indemnification of our customers due to our negligence or breach of any term of the agreement, defect warranties in relation to the products manufactured by us. In the event we agree to any onerous terms laid down by our customers, such onerous terms may have an effect on our future growth including expansion of customer base. Additionally, non-compliance with the terms of the contractual arrangements may lead to among others damages or penalties, termination of the agreements and will also result in us being unable to attract further business in the future. 

**_46. There are outstanding legal proceedings against our Company, our Directors, our Promoters and our Subsidiary and adverse outcomes in such proceedings may negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We may in the future be, implicated in lawsuits including lawsuits and arbitrations involving compensation for loss due to various reasons including tax matters, civil disputes, labour and service matters, statutory notices, regulatory petitions and other matters. Litigation or arbitration could result in substantial costs to, and a diversion of effort by, us and/or subject us to significant liabilities to third parties. There are various outstanding legal proceedings against our Company and a Director, pending at various levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals, authorities and appellate bodies in India. 

We cannot provide any assurance that these legal proceedings will be decided in our favour. Any adverse decision 

65 

may have a significant effect on our business including the financial condition of our Company, delay in implementation of our current or future projects and results of operations. There can be no assurance that the results of such legal proceedings will not materially harm our business, reputation or standing in the marketplace or that we will be able to recover any losses incurred from third parties, regardless of whether we are at fault. Even if we are successful in defending such cases, we may be subject to legal and other costs incurred pursuant to defending such litigation, and such costs may be substantial and not recoverable. There can be no assurance that losses relating to litigation or arbitration will be covered by insurance or that any such losses would not have a material adverse effect on the results of our operations or financial condition: 

|**Category of**<br>**individuals**<br>**/ entities**<br>|**Criminal**<br>**Proceedings**<br>|**Tax**<br>**Proceedings**<br>|**Stat**<br>**Reg**<br>**Pro**<br>|**utory or**<br>**ulatory**<br>**ceedings**<br>**_Company_**|**Disciplinary actions**<br>**by SEBI or Stock**<br>**Exchanges against**<br>**our Promoters in**<br>**the last five years,**<br>**including**<br>**outstanding action**|**Material**<br>**civil**<br>**litigation**<br>|**Aggregate**<br>**amount**<br>**involved* (₹**<br>**in million)**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|By<br>our|Nil|7|Nil||-|Nil|16.27|
|Company||||||||
|Against our|Nil|3|Nil||-|Nil|3.11|
|Company||||||||
|<br>||||**_Directors_**||||
|By<br>the|Nil|Nil|Nil||-|Nil|Nil|
|Directors||||||||
|Against the|Nil|Nil|1||-|Nil|Nil|
|Directors||||||||
|<br> <br>||||**_Promoters_**|<br>|||
|By<br>the<br>Promoters|Nil|Nil|Nil||Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Against the|Nil|Nil|Nil||Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Promoters||||||||
|<br> <br>||||**_Subsidiary_**||||
|By<br>the<br>Subsidiary|Nil|Nil|Nil||-|Nil|Nil|
|Against the<br>Subsidiary|Nil|2|Nil||-|Nil|1.20|



* _To the extent quantifiable._ 

Further, as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there are no pending litigation proceedings involving any of our Group Companies which will have a material impact on our Company. For further information, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 387. 

These legal proceedings may or may not be decided in our favor and additional liability may also arise out of these proceedings. Adverse decisions in such proceedings may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and growth strategy. 

**_47. Information relating to the installed manufacturing capacity and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates and future production and capacity may vary._** 

Information relating to the installed manufacturing capacity of our manufacturing facilities and capacity utilisation included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates of our management, and the capacities of principal and ancillary equipment used in the manufacture of our products. For details of these assumptions and calculation methodology, see “ _Our Business – Our Manufacturing facilities - Capacity and Capacity Utilization_ ” on page 197. While we have obtained a certificate dated December 18, 2023, from Ocean Tech Engineering Consultancy Service, Chartered Engineer in relation to such annual installed capacity of our manufacturing facilities and capacity utilisation, future capacity utilisation may vary significantly from the estimated production capacities of our manufacturing facilities and historical capacity utilisation. Further, the installed capacity, capacity utilisation and other related information may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to capacity information that may be computed and presented by other comparable companies in the industry in which we 

66 

# operate. 

Accordingly, actual production levels and rates may differ significantly from the installed capacity information of our facilities or historical installed capacity information of our facilities depending on the product type. Undue reliance should therefore not be placed on our historical installed capacity information for our existing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_48. Failure or disruption of our IT systems may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations._** 

We have implemented various information technology systems to cover various business operations. For details of our information technology, see, “ _Our Business - Information Technology_ ” on page 206. Disruptions or failures in the physical infrastructure or operating systems that support our businesses and customers, or cyber-attacks or security breaches of our networks or systems in the future, could result in the loss of customers and business opportunities, legal liability and the costs associated therewith, reimbursement or other compensatory costs, increased insurance premiums, and lost revenues, damage to the Company's competitiveness, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. There have been no instances of the loss / leakage of confidential information from our Company’s IT systems due to cyber-attacks on our Company in the last three Fiscals. Our systems, networks, products, solutions and services remain potentially vulnerable to advanced and persistent threats. Despite our efforts to protect such sensitive, confidential or personal data or information, our facilities and systems and those of our customers and third-party service providers may be vulnerable to security breaches, theft, fraud, misplaced or lost data, “Acts of God”, programming and/or human errors that could lead to the compromising of sensitive, confidential or personal data or information, improper use of our systems, software solutions or networks, unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of information, defective products, manufacturing downtimes and operational disruptions, which in turn could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_49. Our Promoters and certain Directors hold Equity Shares in our Company and are therefore interested in the Company’s performance in addition to their normal remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Our Promoters and certain Directors are interested in our Company, in addition to normal remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses, to the extent of their shareholding or their relatives’ holding in our Company. Further, other than as disclosed in “ _Summary of Offer Document – Summary of related party transactions_ ” and “ _Other Financial Information - Related Party Transactions_ ” on pages 30 and 341, respectively and _“Our Management - Interest of Directors”,_ and _“Our Promoters and Promoter Group - Interests of Promoters”_ on pages 231 and 249, respectively, there are no other transactions entered into by our Company with our Promoters and Directors. While all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, we cannot assure you that we might have obtained more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. 

# **_50. Failures in internal control systems could cause operational errors which may have an adverse impact on our profitability._** 

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal measures commensurate with the size and complexity of operations. Internal control systems comprising policies and procedures are designed to ensure sound management of our operations, safekeeping of its assets, optimal utilization of resources, reliability of its financial information and compliance. The systems and procedures are periodically reviewed and routinely tested and cover all functions and business areas. We engaged an independent consultant to assist the Company with its internal audit services. In addition, our Company has taken steps to implement an enhanced internal audit plan to include additional areas of coverage such as sales, inventory management and production, to ensure that the internal audit plan of the Company is commensurate to the size of its business. 

While we believe that we have adequate controls, we are exposed to operational risks arising from the potential inadequacy or failure of internal processes or systems, and our actions may not be sufficient to guarantee effective internal controls in all circumstances. Given the size of our operations, it is possible that errors may repeat or compound before they are discovered and rectified. Our management information systems and internal control procedures that are designed to monitor our operations and overall compliance may not identify every instance of non-compliance or every suspicious transaction. If internal control weaknesses are identified, our actions may not be sufficient to correct such internal control weakness. These factors may have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

67 

# **_51. Employee misconduct could harm us and is difficult to detect and deter._** 

Although we closely monitor our employees, misconduct, including acts of theft and fraud by employees or executives, could bind us to transactions that exceed authorized limits or present unacceptable risks or they may hide unauthorized or unlawful activities from us, which may result in substantial financial losses and damage to our reputation and loss of business from our customers. Employee or executive misconduct could also involve the improper use or disclosure of confidential information, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious reputational or financial harm, including harm to our brand. There have been no instances of fraud or theft by the employees of our Company in their capacity as an employee of our Company, in the last three Fiscals and the current Fiscal, as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. However, it is not always possible to deter employee or executive misconduct and the precautions taken and systems put in place to prevent and detect such activities may not be effective in all cases. Any instances of such misconduct could adversely affect our reputation. 

**_52. Any defaults or delays in payment by a significant portion of our customers, may have an adverse effect on cash flows, results of operations and financial condition._** 

In the ordinary course of business, we extend credit to our customers. Consequently, we are exposed to the risk of the uncertainty regarding the receipt of the outstanding amounts. The details of our trade receivables and trade receivables days as on September 30, 2023 are set out below: 

||**Particulars**|**As on September 30, 2023**|
|---|---|---|
|Trade receivables (₹ million)||1,377.65|
|Tradereceivables days||95|



Our results of operations and profitability depend on the credit worthiness of our customers. Certain of these customers may have weak credit histories and we cannot assure that these counterparties will always be able to pay us in a timely fashion, or at all. There have been no instances of major delays or major defaults in payments by the Company’s customers in the last three Fiscals and the current Fiscal that have materially impacted the Company’s business and operations. However, any adverse change in the financial condition of our customers may adversely affect their ability to make payments to us. Default or delays in payments by a significant portion of our customers may have an adverse effect on cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_53. We have issued specified securities during the last 12 months at a price that may be lower than the Offer Price._** 

We have issued specified securities during the last 12 months preceding the date of this Red Herring Prospectus at a price that may be lower than the Offer Price, as detailed in the following table: 

|**Date of**<br>**allotment**|**Details of allottees**|**Nature of**<br>**allotment**|**No. of Equity**<br>**Shares allotted**|**Face value per**<br>**Equity Share(₹)**|**Issue price per**<br>**Equity Share(₹)**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|December 16,<br>2023|14,522,253<br>Equity<br>Shares<br>were<br>allotted<br>to<br>India<br>Advantage Fund S4 I and<br>1,262,804 Equity Shares were<br>allotted to Dynamic India<br>Fund S4 US 1*|Allotment<br>pursuant to<br>conversion of<br>CCPSs|15,785,057|<br>10.00|<br>101.36*|
||10,533,318<br>Equity<br>Shares<br>were allotted to Augusta<br>Investments Zero Pte. Ltd.**|Allotment<br>pursuant to<br>conversion of<br>Series A CCPSs|10,533,318|<br>10.00|<br>151.90**|



_<mark>* Cash was paid at the time of allotment of 17,317,647 CCPSs to India Advantage Fund S4 I and 1,505,882 CCPS to Dynamic India Fund S4 US I by our Company. Our Company undertook a private placement of 17,317,647 CCPSs to India Advantage Fund S4 I and 1,505,882 CCPSs to Dynamic India Fund S4 US I, each for cash at a price of ₹ 85.00 per CCPS (including a premium of ₹ 75.00) aggregating to ₹ 1,600.00 million on September 24, 2021.</mark>_ 

_<mark>** Cash was paid at the time of allotment of 11,034,484 CCPSs to Augusta Investments Zero Pte. Ltd. by our Company. Our Company undertook a private placement of 11,034,484 CCPSs to Augusta Investments Zero Pte. Ltd., each for cash at a price of ₹ 145.00 per CCPS (including a premium of ₹ 135.00) aggregating to ₹ 1,600.00 million on September 7, 2022.</mark>_ 

For further details, see “ _Capital Structure – Notes to the Capital Structure – Equity Share capital history of our Company_ ” on page 98. The Offer Price is not indicative of the price that will prevail in the open market following listing of the Equity Shares. 

68 

**_54. Our Promoters have provided personal guarantees for loan facilities availed by our Company and certain members of the Promoter Group, including entities who are also our Group Companies, and may provide additional guarantees in the future. Any failure or default in repaying such loans could trigger repayment obligations on our Promoter, which may also impact our Promoters’ ability to effectively service their obligations as our Promoters and thereby, adversely impact our business and operations._** 

Our Promoters, Bajrang Bothra, Laxmi Pat Bothra, Sanjay Singhania and Ajay DD Singhania, have provided personal guarantees for loan facilities availed by our Company and certain members of the Promoter Group, including East India Technologies Private Limited and EPACK Polymers Private Limited (both of whom are also our Group Companies) and EPACK Petrochem Solutions Private (collectively, the “ **Borrowers** ”), and may continue to do so in the future. For further details regarding the guarantees given by our Promoters, please refer “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters – Guarantees given by Promoters offering Equity Shares in the Offer_ ” on page 220. 

Any default or failure by the Borrowers to repay the loans in a timely manner or at all, could trigger repayment obligations on the part of our Promoters in respect of such loans. This, in turn, could have an impact on their ability to effectively service their obligations as Promoters of our Company, thereby having an adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. Further, in the event that our Promoters withdraw or terminate the guarantees, the lenders for such facilities may ask for alternate guarantees, repayment of amounts outstanding under such facilities, or even terminate such facilities. The Borrowers may not be successful in procuring guarantees satisfactory to the lenders, and as a result may need to repay outstanding amounts under such facilities or seek additional sources of capital, which could affect their business prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_55. A downgrade in our credit rating could adversely affect our ability to raise capital in the future._** 

Our Company has received a long-term rating of [ICRA] A- (stable) and the short-term rating of [ICRA] A2+ from ICRA Limited. Our credit ratings, which are intended to measure our ability to meet our debt obligations, are a significant factor in determining our finance costs. The interest rates of certain of our borrowings may be significantly dependent on our credit ratings. A downgrade of our credit ratings could lead to greater risk with respect to refinancing our debt and would likely increase our cost of borrowing and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

**_56. Our Promoters and some of our Directors may have interest in entities, which are in businesses similar to ours and this may result in conflict of interest with us._** 

As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, some of our Promoters are also directors on the board of our Material Subsidiary, our Associate, and East India Technologies Private Limited, which are in the same line of activity or business as our Company. We cannot assure you that our Directors will not provide competitive services or otherwise compete in business lines in which we are already present or will enter into in the future. In such event, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. While we have not perceived any conflicts of interest in this regard as on date, in the event that we perceive any conflicts of interest in the future, we may be required to assess such potential conflicts of interest and take appropriate steps to address such conflicts of interest. For further details, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters - Common Pursuits_ ” and “ _Group Companies – Nature and extent of interest of our Group Companies_ ” on pages 216 and 399. 

**_57. Reliance has been placed on declarations, affidavits, and marksheets furnished by some of our Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, and Senior Management, for disclosures related to their educational qualifications included in this Red Herring Prospectus._** 

Our Independent Director, Shashank Agarwal, has been unable to trace copies of certain documents pertaining to his educational qualifications. While he has taken the requisite steps to obtain the relevant supporting documentation, he has been unsuccessful in procuring the relevant supporting documentation. Accordingly, the Book Running Lead Managers and we have placed reliance on declarations, undertakings and affidavits furnished by him to disclose the details of his educational qualifications in this Red Herring Prospectus and we have not been able to independently verify these details in the absence of primary documentary evidence. Further, there can be no assurances that he will be able to trace the relevant documents pertaining to his educational qualifications in the future, or at all. Further, we have placed reliance on marksheets, or provisional degree certificates furnished by some of our Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management who have 

69 

been unable to trace their degree certificates, for disclosures relating to their educational qualifications. Therefore, we cannot assure you that all or any of the information relating to their educational qualification included in “ _Our Management_ ” on page 224 is complete, true and accurate. 

**_58. Our Company has availed an unsecured loan which is repayable on demand. Any demand from lenders for repayment of such unsecured loans may adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our Company has availed an unsecured loan amounting to ₹ 200.00 million from Tata Capital Financial Services Limited, which is repayable on demand. While this loan has been sanctioned to our Company, no disbursements have been made pursuant to this loan. Further, we may in the future continue to avail unsecured borrowings. Upon disbursements being made to our Company pursuant to any such unsecured loan, the unsecured loans may be recalled at any time, with or without the existence of an event of default, on short or no notice. In the event that, the lenders of such unsecured loans, seek repayment of any such loan, we would need to find alternative sources of financing, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we are unable to procure such financing, any such demand may materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. For details of the outstanding borrowings of our Company, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 376. We have obtained the necessary consents required from Tata Capital Financial Services Limited under the relevant financing documentation for undertaking activities in relation to the Offer. 

**_59. As a publicly listed company, we will be subject to additional compliance requirements and increased scrutiny. The majority of our Directors do not have any prior experience in directorship of listed entities, which may affect our ability to meet such additional compliance requirements._** 

We are not a publicly listed company and have not historically been subject to increased scrutiny by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. Further, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, and our internal controls over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to do this, significant resources and management attention will be required. While certain of our Directors are or have previously been directors on the boards of listed entities, the majority of our Directors do not have any prior experience of directorship in listed entities. Consequently, additional management attention may be required to ensure compliance with the requirements associated with publicly listed companies. Further, we may need to hire additional personnel with appropriate experience and technical knowledge to ensure that we meet these additional requirements, which may require us to incur additional expenses. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to hire such personal in a timely or efficient manner. 

**_60. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

Our Company has not made dividend payments in the last three Fiscals and the current Fiscal. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. The declaration and payment of dividends will be recommended by the Board of Directors and approved by the Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act, 2013. For details, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 260. We may retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of the business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Accordingly, realization of a gain on Shareholders’ investments will depend on the appreciation of the price of the Equity Shares. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will appreciate in value. 

**_61. We have sustained negative cash flows from operating activities in the past and may experience earnings declines or operating losses or negative cash flows from operating activities in the future._** 

The following table sets forth certain information relating to our consolidated cash flows on a consolidated basis for the periods indicated: 

_(in_ ₹ _million)_ 

70 

|**Particulars**|**Six months ended**<br>**September 30,**<br>**2023**|**Fiscal 2023**|**Fiscal 2022**|**Fiscal 2021**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Net cash flow from/ (used<br>in) operating activities|1,580.73|188.28|(289.41)|474.19|



We have sustained negative cash flow in our operating activities for Fiscal 2022. For further details, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Cash Flows”_ on page 366. There can be no assurances that cash flows will be positive in the future thereby potentially creating an adverse impact on our business and financial operations. 

**_62. Our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. The Selling Shareholders will receive the proceeds from the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer consists of a Fresh Issue and an Offer for Sale. The Selling Shareholders shall be entitled to the proceeds from the Offer for Sale (net of its portion of the Offer-related expenses) and our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. Except to the extent of the proceeds received from the Offer for Sale in their capacity as Selling Shareholders, none of our Directors or Key Managerial Personnel will receive, in whole or in part, any proceeds from the Offer. 

# **<mark>EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS</mark>** 

# **_<mark>Risks related to Equity Shares and the Offer</mark>_** 

**_63. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the Offer Price may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation do not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined in compliance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations through the Book-Building Process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our results of operations, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, problems such as temporary closure, broker default and settlement delays experienced by the Indian Stock Exchanges, announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments; announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. Consequently, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all. 

There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past, and our Equity Share price could fluctuate significantly because of market volatility. A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause investors to lose some or all of their investment. 

# **_64. Currency exchange rate fluctuations may affect the value of the Equity Shares._** 

The exchange rate between the Rupee and other foreign currencies, including the U.S. Dollar, the British pound sterling, the Euro, the Hong Kong Dollar, the Singapore Dollar and the Japanese Yen, has changed substantially in recent years and may fluctuate substantially in the future. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the foreign currencies with which an investor may have purchased and Rupees may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Equity Shares and returns from the Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. Specifically, if there is a change in relative value of the Rupee to a foreign currency, each of the following values will also be affected: 

- <mark>the foreign currency equivalent of the Rupee trading price of the Company’s Equity Shares in India;</mark> 

- <mark>• the foreign currency equivalent of the proceeds that you would receive upon the sale in India of any of the Company’s Equity Shares; and</mark> 

71 

- <mark>the foreign currency equivalent of cash dividends, if any, on the Company’s Equity Shares, which will be paid only in Rupees.</mark> 

You may be unable to convert Rupee proceeds into a foreign currency of your choice, or the rate at which any such conversion could occur could fluctuate. In addition, the Company’s market valuation could be significantly harmed by a devaluation of the Rupee if investors in jurisdictions outside India analyse its value based on the relevant foreign currency equivalent of the Company’s results of operations and financial condition. 

**_65. The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and the Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer. Further, the current market price of some securities listed pursuant to certain previous issues managed by the Book Running Lead Managers is below their respective issue prices._** 

There has been no public market for our Equity Shares prior to the Offer. The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and will be determined in compliance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Furthermore, the Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined in compliance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and through the Book Building Process. These will be based on numerous factors, including factors as described under “ _Basis for the Offer Price_ ” on page 130 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. You may not be able to re-sell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer price and may as a result lose all or part of your investment. 

In addition to the above, the current market price of securities listed pursuant to certain previous initial public offerings managed by the Book Running Lead Managers is below their respective issue price. For further details, see “ _Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Price information of past issues handled by the Book Running Lead Managers_ ” on page 408. The factors that could affect the market price of the Equity Shares include, among others, broad market trends, financial performance and results of our Company post-listing, and other factors beyond our control. We cannot assure you that an active market will develop or sustained trading will take place in the Equity Shares or provide any assurance regarding the price at which the Equity Shares will be traded after listing. 

**_66. QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid, and Retail Individual Bidders are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after Bid / Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Therefore, QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders would not be able to withdraw or lower their Bids, notwithstanding adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations or financial condition, or otherwise, between the dates of the submission of their Bids and the Allotment. 

Retail Individual Bidders can revise their Bids during the Bid / Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid / Offer Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed including Allotment pursuant to the Offer within three Working Days from the Bid / Offer Closing Date, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

**_67. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked securities by us may dilute your shareholding and any sale of Equity Shares by our Promoter or members of our Promoter Group may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any future issuance of the Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to the Equity Shares by us, may dilute your shareholding in our Company, adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and our ability to raise capital through an issue of our securities. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of your investment in the Equity Shares. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur 

72 

could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will not issue additional Equity Shares. The disposal of Equity Shares by our Promoter and Promoter Group, or the perception that such sales may occur may significantly affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. Except as disclosed in “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 98, we cannot assure you that our Promoter and Promoter Group will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. We cannot predict what effect, if any, market sales of our Equity Shares held by our Promoters or other major shareholders or the availability of these Equity Shares for future sale will have on the market price of our Equity Shares. 

**_68. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges in a timely manner or at all and if they are listed you may not be able to immediately sell any of the Equity Shares you subscribe to in this Offer on the stock exchanges._** 

In accordance with Indian law, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares can commence. There can be no guarantee that these actions will be completed in a timely manner or at all and as a result our Equity Shares may not be listed on the Stock Exchanges in a timely manner or at all. 

In accordance with the current regulations and circulars issued by SEBI, the Equity Shares are required to be listed on the Stock Exchanges within such time as mandated under UPI Circulars, subject to any change in the prescribed timeline in this regard. However, we cannot assure you that the trading in the Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner, in accordance with timelines prescribed under the UPI Circulars, or at all. Investors can start trading the Equity Shares Allotted to them only after they have been credited to an investors’ demat account, are listed and permitted to trade. Since the Equity Shares will be traded on the Stock Exchanges, investors will be subject to market risk from the date they pay for the Equity Shares to the date when Equity Shares Allotted are listed and permitted to trade. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited with the Equity Shares within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and such Equity Shares are expected to be credited to the demat accounts of the Investors within approximately three working days from the Bid Closing Date (or such other period as prescribed under applicable laws). In addition, upon receipt of listing and trading approval from the Stock Exchanges, trading of Equity Shares is expected to commence within three Working Days from Bid / Offer Closing Date (or such other period as prescribed under applicable laws). There could be failure or delays in listing the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise any delay in commencing trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. 

We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

# **_69. If our Company does not receive the minimum subscription as required under applicable law, the Offer may fail._** 

In the event our Company does not receive (i) a minimum subscription of 90% of the Fresh Issue, and (ii) a subscription in the Offer as specified under Rule 19(2)(b) of the SCRR, including through devolvement of Underwriters, as applicable, within sixty (60) days from the date of Bid Closing Date, or if the subscription level falls below the thresholds mentioned above after the Bid Closing Date, on account of withdrawal of applications or after technical rejections or any other reason, or if the listing or trading permission is not obtained from the Stock Exchanges for the Equity Shares being offered under this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company shall forthwith refund the entire subscription amount received. If there is a delay beyond four days, our Company shall pay interest at the rate of 15% per annum or such other interest rate as prescribed under applicable law. 

**_<mark>70. A third party could be prevented from acquiring control of our Company because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian law.</mark>_** 

There are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company, even if a change in control would result in the purchase of your Equity Shares at a premium to the market price or would otherwise be beneficial to you. Such provisions may discourage or prevent certain types of transactions involving actual or threatened change in control of our Company. Under the SEBI Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire 

73 

shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors / shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to its stakeholders, it is possible that such a takeover would not be attempted or consummated because of the SEBI Takeover Regulations. 

# **_Risks Related to India_** 

# **_<mark>71. Financial and political instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets.</mark>_** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market countries in Asia, Europe, and the United States of America. In particular, the ongoing military conflicts between Russia and Ukraine could result in increased volatility in, or damage to, the worldwide financial markets and economy. Increased economic volatility and trade restrictions could result in increased volatility in the markets for certain securities and commodities and may cause inflation. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy. Financial disruptions may occur again and could harm our business, our future financial performance and the prices of the Equity Shares. 

The outbreak of COVID-19 had significantly affected financial markets around the world. Any other such pandemic, epidemic, endemic, outbreak or the perception that any of them could occur may continue to have an adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets. It may significantly reduce global market liquidity and restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 

In addition, India has experienced, and may in the future experience, political instability, including strikes, demonstrations, protests, marches, guerilla activity or other types of civil disorder. Acts of violence, terrorist attacks, regional conflicts or situations or war may also adversely affect the financial markets, which may impact our business. These instabilities and any adverse changes in the political environment could increase our costs, increase our exposure to legal and business risks, disrupt our operations or affect our ability to expand. 

# **_<mark>72. Our business is significantly affected by fluctuations in general economic activity.</mark>_** 

Our results of operations are affected by the level of credit availability, interest rates, customer preferences, the level of personal discretionary spending, unemployment rates, availability and cost of electricity, safety and power rating of our products, rate of inflation, currency exchange rates, tariffs, incentives, intensity of industry competition, product quality and other such factors, which in turn are affected by the macroeconomic conditions in the economy and the industries in which they operate. 

During period of economic downturn, many companies may look to reduce fixed costs, and may accordingly limit their use of facility management and other business services. We may also experience more competitive pricing pressure during periods of economic downturn. If, in the event of unfavourable economic conditions, companies limit their spending on the services which we provide, it may have a material adverse effect on our financial and operating performance. Economic recovery is difficult to predict, and may be short lived, slow or uneven, with certain regions continuing to experience declines or weakness in economic activity while others improve. Differing economic conditions and patterns of economic growth or contraction in the geographical regions in which we operate may affect demand for our business services. Negative developments in one or more regions we operate in could result in a reduction in demand for our services, the cancellation or delay of contracts already placed, difficulty in collecting receivables, and a higher cost of doing business, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

74 

**_73. Our failure to comply with trade restrictions such as economic sanctions and export controls could negatively impact our reputation and results of operations._** 

We may be subject to trade restrictions, including economic sanctions and export controls, imposed by governments around the world with jurisdiction over our operations, which prohibit or restrict transactions involving certain designated persons and certain designated countries or territories. Our failure to successfully comply with these laws and regulations may expose us to reputational harm as well as significant sanctions, including criminal fines, imprisonment, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, injunctions, debarment from government contracts, and other remedial measures. Investigations of alleged violations can be expensive and disruptive. As part of our business, we may, from time to time, engage in limited sales and transactions involving certain countries that are targets of economic sanctions, provided that such sales and transactions are authorized pursuant to applicable economic sanctions laws and regulations. Our Company has not been subject to, and the jurisdictions in which our Company operates have not been subject to economic sanctions, export controls or such other restrictions in the last three Fiscals, the current Fiscal and as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. However, we cannot predict the nature, scope, or effect of future regulatory requirements, including changes that may affect existing regulatory authorizations, and we cannot predict the manner in which existing laws and regulations might be administered or interpreted. 

In addition, any perceived or actual breach of compliance by us with respect to applicable laws, rules, and regulations could have a significant impact on our reputation and could cause us to lose existing customers, prevent us from obtaining new customers, negatively impact investor sentiment about our Company, require us to expend significant funds to remedy problems caused by violations and to avert further violations, and expose us to legal risk and potential liability, all of which may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

# **_<mark>74. We may be affected by competition laws, the adverse application or interpretation of which could adversely affect our business</mark>_** _<mark>.</mark>_ 

The Competition Act, 2002, of India, as amended (“ **Competition Act** ”), regulates practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India (“ **AAEC** ”). Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an AAEC is considered void and may result in the imposition of substantial penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or the provision of services or shares the market or source of production or provision of services in any manner, including by way of allocation of geographical area or number of customers in the relevant market or directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an AAEC and is considered void. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. 

On March 4, 2011, the Government notified and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to and pre-approved by the Competition Commission of India (the “ **CCI** ”). Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued Competition Commission of India (Procedure for Transaction of Business Relating to Combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. 

The Competition Act aims to, among others, prohibit all agreements and transactions which may have an AAEC in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an AAEC in India. However, the impact of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements entered into by us cannot be predicted with certainty at this stage. 

**_<mark>75. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against our Company, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, or the Senior Management, in Indian courts.</mark>_** 

Our Company is incorporated under the laws of India. All of our Company’s assets are located in India and all of our Company’s Directors and Key Managerial Personnel are residents of India. As a result, it may not be possible 

75 

for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce against them judgments obtained in courts outside India, including judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of jurisdictions outside India. Moreover, it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or inconsistent with Indian public policy. 

The United Kingdom, United Arab Emirates, Singapore and Hong Kong have been declared by the Government of India to be reciprocating territories for purposes of Section 44A of the Civil Code. A judgment of a court of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit on the judgment under Section 13 of the Civil Code, and not by proceedings in execution. Section 13 of the Civil Code provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated on except (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case, (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognise the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable, (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice, (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud, or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. Under the Civil Code, a court in India shall, on the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgment, presume that the judgment was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record. The Civil Code only permits the enforcement of monetary decrees, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. Further, there may be considerable delays in the disposal of suits by Indian courts. 

However, the party in whose favour such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the United States or other such jurisdiction within three years of obtaining such final judgment In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain the prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered. 

**_<mark>76. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the financial markets and our business.</mark>_** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, pandemic disease and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years, in particular communal violence across ethnic or communal lines involving conflicts, riots and other forms of violence between communities of different religious faith or ethnic origins, and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

**_<mark>77. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our products and services at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our customers and our profits may decline.</mark>_** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of salaries, and other expenses relevant to our business. 

76 

High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to pass on to our customers, whether entirely or in part, and the same may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or increase our rates to pass the increase in costs on to our customers. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Further, the Government of India has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

**_<mark>78. Foreign investors are subject to foreign investment restrictions under Indian laws which limits our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely impact the market price of our Equity Shares.</mark>_** 

Under the foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfers of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions) if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then prior approval of the RBI will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert the Indian Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India will require a no objection / tax clearance certificate from the income tax authority. As provided in the foreign exchange controls currently in effect in India, the RBI has provided that the price at which the Equity Shares are transferred be calculated in accordance with internationally accepted pricing methodology for the valuation of shares at an arm’s length basis, and a higher (or lower, as applicable) price per share may not be permitted. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other Indian government agency can be obtained on any particular terms, or at all. Further, due to possible delays in obtaining requisite approvals, investors in the Equity Shares may be prevented from realizing gains during periods of price increase or limiting losses during periods of price decline. 

The Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of the Equity Shares will be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into appropriate foreign currency for repatriation. In addition, any adverse movement in exchange rates during a delay in repatriating the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares outside India, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares, may reduce the net proceeds received by shareholders. 

# **_<mark>79. The Indian tax regime is currently undergoing substantial changes which could adversely affect our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares.</mark>_** 

Our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected by any change in the extensive central and state tax regime in India applicable to us and our business. Tax and other levies imposed by the central and state governments in India that affect our tax liability, include central and state taxes and other levies, income tax, turnover tax, goods and services tax, stamp duty and other special taxes and surcharges, which are introduced on a temporary or permanent basis from time to time. This extensive central and state tax regime is subject to change from time to time. The final determination of our tax liability involves the interpretation of local tax laws and related regulations in each jurisdiction, as well as the significant use of estimates and assumptions regarding the scope of future operations and results achieved and the timing and nature of income earned and expenditures incurred. 

In addition, we are subject to tax related inquiries and claims. We may be particularly affected by claims from tax authorities on account of income tax assessment and GST that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into one tax with effect from July 1, 2017, and all subsequent changes and amendments thereto. 

The Government of India announced the union budget for 2024, following which the Finance Bill, 2023 (“ **Finance Bill** ”) was introduced in the Lok Sabha on February 1, 2023. Subsequently, the Finance Bill received assent from the President of India on March 31, 2023, and became the Finance Act, 2023. Investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors and to carefully consider the potential tax consequences of owning Equity Shares. The Finance Act has also clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. 

77 

Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. For instance, the Supreme Court of India has in a decision clarified the components of basic wages which need to be considered by companies while making provident fund payments, which resulted in an increase in the provident fund payments to be made by companies. Any such decisions in future or any further changes in interpretation of laws may have an impact on our results of operations. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, the likely nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. 

**_<mark>80. Significant differences exist between Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles, such as the generally accepted accounting principles in the US (“US GAAP”) and International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), which may be material to investors’ assessment of our financial condition.</mark>_** 

The financial statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus have been prepared in accordance with Ind AS, as applicable, in the relevant period of reporting. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP or IFRS. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the Ind AS financial statements, which are restated as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations included in this Red Herring Prospectus, will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. In addition, some of our competitors may not present their financial statements in accordance with Ind AS and their financial statements may not be directly comparable to ours, and therefore reliance should accordingly be limited. 

**_<mark>81. Holders of our Equity Shares could be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and could thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position.</mark>_** 

Under the Companies Act, a company incorporated in India must offer holders of its equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares who have voted on such resolution. However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without us filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. We may elect not to file a registration statement in relation to pre-emptive rights otherwise available by Indian law to you. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of our Equity Shares, you may suffer future dilution of your ownership position and your proportional interests in us would be reduced. 

**_<mark>82. Overseas shareholders may not be able to participate in our Company’s future rights offerings or certain other equity issues.</mark>_** 

If our Company offers or causes to be offered to holders of its Equity Shares rights to subscribe for additional Equity Shares or any right of any other nature, our Company will have discretion as to the procedure to be followed in making such rights available to holders of the Equity Shares or in disposing of such rights for the benefit of such holders and making the net proceeds available to such holders. For instance, our Company is not offering the rights (including their credit) in this offering to the holders of Equity Shares who have a registered address in the United States. Our Company has no obligation to prepare or file any registration statement. Accordingly, shareholders who have a registered address in the United States may be unable to participate in this offering or in future rights offerings and may experience a dilution in their holdings as a result. 

78 

**_<mark>83. Any adverse change in India's credit rating by an international rating agency could materially adversely affect our business and profitability.</mark>_** 

India's sovereign rating is Baa3 with a “stable” outlook (Moody’s), BBB-with a “stable” outlook (S&P) and BBBwith a “stable” outlook (Fitch). India’s sovereign rating could be downgraded due to various factors, including changes in tax or fiscal policy or a decline in India's foreign exchange reserves, which are outside our control. Any adverse change in India's credit ratings by international rating agencies may adversely impact the Indian economy and consequently our ability to raise additional financing in a timely manner or at all, as well as the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing is available. This could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance, ability to obtain financing for capital expenditures and the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_84. Pursuant to listing of the Equity Shares, we may be subject to pre-emptive surveillance measures like Additional Surveillance Measure (“ASM”) and Graded Surveillance Measures (“GSM”) by the Stock Exchanges in order to enhance market integrity and safeguard the interest of investors._** 

SEBI and Stock Exchanges in order to enhance market integrity and safeguard interest of investors, have been introducing various enhanced pre-emptive surveillance measures. The main objective of these measures is to alert and advice investors to be extra cautious while dealing in these securities and advice market participants to carry out necessary due diligence while dealing in these securities. Accordingly, SEBI and Stock Exchanges have provided for (a) GSM on securities where such trading price of such securities does not commensurate with financial health and fundamentals such as earnings, book value, fixed assets, net-worth, price per equity multiple and market capitalization; and (b) ASM on securities with surveillance concerns based on objective parameters such as price and volume variation and volatility. 

On listing, we may be subject to general market conditions which may include significant price and volume fluctuations. The price of our Equity Shares may also fluctuate after the Offer due to several factors such as volatility in the Indian and global securities market, our profitability and performance, performance of our competitors, changes in the estimates of our performance or any other political or economic factor. The occurrence of any of the abovementioned factors may trigger the parameters identified by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges for placing securities under the GSM or ASM framework such as net worth and net fixed assets of securities, high low variation in securities, client concentration and close to close price variation. In the event our Equity Shares are covered under such pre-emptive surveillance measures implemented by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges, we may be subject to certain additional restrictions in relation to trading of our Equity Shares such as limiting trading frequency (for example, trading either allowed once in a week or a month) or freezing of price on upper side of trading which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Equity Shares or may in general cause disruptions in the development of an active market and trading for our Equity Shares. 

79 

