# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only risks relevant to us or the Equity Shares or the industry in which we currently operate. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In order to obtain a complete understanding about us, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with the sections “Our Business”, “Selected Statistical Information”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”, “Summary of Financial Information” and “Financial Statements” on pages 115, 184, 300, 57 and 220, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. If any of the risks described below, or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial actually occur, our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected, the trading price of the Equity Shares could decline, and investors may lose all or part of the value of their investment. The financial and other related implications of the risk factors, wherever quantifiable, have been disclosed in the risk factors mentioned below. However, there are certain risk factors where the financial impact is not quantifiable and, therefore, cannot be disclosed in such risk factors. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in this Offer._ 

_This Draft Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Please see “ForwardLooking Statements” on page 23._ 

_Our Bank’s Fiscal commences on April 1 and ends on March 31 of the immediately subsequent year, and references to a particular Fiscal are to the 12 months ended March 31 of that year. Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information included herein is based on or derived from our Restated Financial Information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. We commenced operations as an SFB on September 5, 2016, pursuant to grant of the RBI Final Approval to EHL on June 30, 2016, to establish an SFB. Prior to commencement of operations as an SFB, we operated as an NBFC – AFC carrying out, inter-alia, vehicle finance and MSE finance business (“_ **_Erstwhile NBFC_** _”) as a wholly-owned subsidiary of our listed holding company and Promoter, EHL. Pursuant to the conditions prescribed in the RBI In-Principle Approval to commence operations as an SFB, the other two erstwhile wholly-owned subsidiaries of EHL, namely, EMFL and EHFL, were merged with and into the Erstwhile NBFC with effect from September 2, 2016 pursuant to the Amalgamation Scheme. The Restated Financial Information for Fiscal 2017 represents operations of the Erstwhile NBFC from April 1, 2016 to September 4, 2016 and of our Bank’s operations from September 5, 2016 to March 31, 2017. Accordingly, the financial and statistical data for Fiscal 2017 is not comparable with information for Fiscal 2018 and 2019 and for the six months ended September 30, 2018 and 2019. For further information, see “Financial Statements” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 220 and 300, respectively._ 

_Unless the context otherwise requires, in this section, references to “we”, “us”, “our”, “the Bank” or “our Bank” refers to Equitas Small Finance Bank Limited._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the report “Analysis of Small Finance Banks and Various Loan Products” dated November 2019 (the “_ **_CRISIL Report_** _”) prepared and released by CRISIL Limited and commissioned by us in connection with the Offer. Neither we, nor the BRLMs, nor any of their affiliates or advisors, nor any other person connected with the Offer has independently verified such information. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the CRISIL Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant fiscal year. For further information, see “Certain Conventions, Presentation of Financial, Industry and Market Data and Currency of Presentation – Industry and Market Data” on page 19._ 

# **RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS** 

**_1. We are subject to stringent regulatory requirements and prudential norms and our inability to comply with such laws, regulations and norms may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

The RBI In-Principle Approval, RBI Final Approval, SFB Licensing Guidelines and SFB Operating Guidelines require us to comply with certain conditions in order to operate our business, including but not limited to the following: 

- we are required to be controlled by Indian residents in accordance with FEMA, and at least 26.00% of our paid up capital is required to be held by Indian residents in accordance with FEMA at all times from the date of commencement of our operations; 

- our Promoter is required to reduce its shareholding in our Bank to 40% of our paid-up Equity Share capital within a period of five years from the date of commencement of our business operations as an SFB, which was September 5, 2016, and thereafter required to reduce its shareholding in our Bank to 30% and 26% of our paid-up Equity Share 

24 

capital within a period of 10 years and 12 years, respectively, from the date of commencement of our business _-_ operations. Also see “ _Our Promoter is required to reduce its shareholding in our Bank to 40% of our paid-up Equity Share capital on or prior to September 4, 2021. Except for the Offer for Sale, as of the date of this DRHP, our Promoter has not approved any specific method to achieve such compliance. However, if and when any method is proposed to be undertaken, we cannot assure you that any required consent, approval, waiver or clarification will be received in a timely manner, or at all, to enable the Promoter to reduce its shareholding as required._ ” on page 30. 

- our Promoter is required to be owned and controlled by Indian residents from the date of making the application for the RBI Final Approval, i.e. April 27, 2016 and at all times thereafter; 

- a strategic non-promoter investor should not hold more than 20% or more of the share capital of our Promoter at any time from the date of commencement of our business operations; 

- we are required to maintain a minimum paid-up Equity Share capital and a minimum net worth of ₹1,000 million at all times from the date of making the application for the RBI Final Approval; 

- any change of our shareholding by way of fresh issue or transfer of shares to the extent of 5% or more of our paid-up share capital requires prior RBI approval; 

- at least 25% of our total banking outlets have to be located in unbanked rural areas at all times from the date of commencement as an SFB; 

- any change in the shareholding by way of fresh issue or transfer of Equity Shares, from the date of RBI In-Principle Approval, to the extent of 5% or more in the Promoter requires prior RBI approval; 

- the maximum loan size and investment limit exposure to a single and group obligor is to be restricted to 10% and 15% of our capital funds, respectively; 

- at least 50% of our loan portfolio is required to constitute loans and advances of up to ₹2.50 million; 

- we are required to extend 75% of our ANBC to sectors eligible for PSL; 

- we are prohibited from exposure in terms of loans and advances to our Directors, companies in which our Directors are interested, our Promoter, major shareholders (holding 10% or more of our paid-up Equity Share capital), and entities in which our Promoter, major shareholders have significant influence or control (as defined under applicable accounting standards); and 

- we are required to maintain a minimum capital adequacy ratio (“ **CAR** ”) of 15% of the credit risk weighted assets (“ **CRWAs** ”) on a continuous basis subject to any higher percentage as may be prescribed by the RBI from time to time, with Tier I capital maintained at at least 7.5% of the CRWAs and Tier II capital maintained at not more than 100% of the Tier I capital. 

Currently, the RBI does not require SFBs to provide any capital charge for operational risk or market risk weighted assets, however, there can be no assurance that RBI will not require SFBs, including us, to provide capital charge for such risk in the future and to migrate to Basel III approach for credit risk. 

We are also regulated under the Banking Regulation Act and have to comply with circulars and directives issued by the RBI that apply to scheduled commercial banks. For instance, pursuant to Section 12(1)(i) of the Banking Regulation Act, the subscribed share capital of a banking company is required to be not less than one-half of its authorised share capital, and the paid-up share capital is required to be not less than one-half of the subscribed share capital. Further, pursuant to Section 49C and Section 12(1)(i) of the Banking Regulation Act, a banking company is not permitted to alter its memorandum of association unless the RBI provides a no objection to such alteration. On January 31, 2019, our Bank increased its authorised share capital from ₹11,550 million to ₹25,000 million and amended the Memorandum of Association, pursuant to a Shareholders’ resolution dated January 31, 2019 without complying with the provisions of Section 49C of the Banking Regulation Act. Subsequently, the RBI intimated our Bank raising serious concerns on non-adherence of the provisions of Sections 12(1)(i) of the Banking Regulation Act. We have subsequently complied with the RBI intimation by reducing our authorised share capital from ₹25,000 million to ₹17,000 million. The RBI has pursuant to its letter dated November 18, 2019 took on record the proposed amendment to the MoA and the reduction of authorized share capital of our Bank. Our Bank has subsequently filed the requisite e-forms with the MCA. The reduction of the authorised share capital of our Bank is currently pending with the MCA. For further information, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters – Amendments to the Memorandum of Association_ ” and “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Past actions by RBI against our Bank_ ” on pages 150 and 337, respectively. 

We are also required to comply with prudential norms specified in respect of market discipline, classification, valuation and operation of our investment portfolio, income recognition, asset classification and provisioning pertaining to advances (including restructuring of credit facilities), RBI directives on permissible loans and advances, maintenance of regulatory ratios (such as CRR, SLR, and LCR), authorization of Banking Outlets, permissible exposures, requisite disclosures in financial statements, fraud classification and reporting, periodic disclosure requirements (including in presentation of financial information and financial statements), and cyber security compliance. In the past, we have had one instance in which CRR was erroneously computed, resulting in a shortfall in the maintenance of CRR during July 2019 to October 2019. Further, the Banking Regulation Act limits the flexibility of shareholders and management of an SFB in many ways, including by way of specifying certain matters that require RBI approval. In addition, we are subject to periodic inspections by the RBI under the Banking Regulation Act and the RBI Act, pursuant to which the RBI issues observations, directions and monitorable action plans, on issues related to various operational risks and regulatory non-compliances. For further information, see “ _-Noncompliance with RBI inspection/ observations or other regulatory requirements may have a material adverse effect on our_ 

25 

_business, financial condition or results of operation. Any adverse observations from such regulators could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation or cash flows”_ on page 33. 

Certain requirements that are applicable to SFBs in terms of the SFB Operating Guidelines and other banking laws and regulations are more stringent in comparison to scheduled commercial banks and non-banking financial companies, and have and will continue to impact our business and operations. For instance, the PSL requirements applicable to SFBs are significantly higher than the PSL limits applicable to scheduled commercial banks, and any shortfall in meeting the PSL targets at the end of a financial year based on the average of priority sector target / sub-target achievement as at the end of each quarter, would statutorily require us to place the shortfall amount in Rural Infrastructure Development Fund which would typically generate a lower rate of interest compared to PSL advances. Similarly, the CAR thresholds for SFBs are higher than the limits applicable to scheduled commercial banks. 

In addition, the SFB model is relatively new to India, and such operations pose various business and financial challenges, including sourcing deposits from customers and public at large at competitive prices to support the loan portfolio build up, operationalization of Banking Outlets, diversifying our loan portfolio aimed at setting up business enterprises, setting up of and operating a treasury and adopting a robust asset liability management system, migration to a new or upgraded technology platform, digitalizing banking delivery and other operations to source and deliver cost effective financial services to customers, and designing and developing a comprehensive enterprise wide risk management framework. These challenges have and will continue to entail substantial senior level management time and financial resources and place significant demands on our management team and other resources. Further, uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of the governing law, specifically due to the absence of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve. To ensure compliance with the regulatory framework applicable to SFBs, we may need to allocate additional resources, which may increase our regulatory compliance costs and divert management attention. Our inability to comply with laws and regulations applicable to an SFB may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

In case of any failure to comply with the applicable directives and reporting requirements or to meet the prescribed prudential norms, the RBI may charge penalties, penalize our management, restrict our banking activities or otherwise enforce increased scrutiny and control over our banking operations, including by way of withholding approvals, or issuing conditional approvals in respect of any proposed actions for which we may seek approval in the future, or even cancel our banking license. 

**_2. We have not complied with certain provisions of the SFB Licensing Guidelines. In the event of any continued noncompliance, we may be subject to various sanctions and penalties by the RBI and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted._** 

Under the provisions of the SFB Licensing Guidelines and the RBI Final Approval, our Equity Shares were required to be mandatorily listed on the stock exchanges within three years from the date of reaching a net worth of ₹5,000 million, (which in our case was three years from the date of commencement of operations as an SFB), i.e., on or prior to September 4, 2019, as the combined net worth of the Erstwhile NBFC, EMFL and EHFL pursuant to the Amalgamation Scheme was in excess of ₹5,000 million. As a result of our inability to meet the aforementioned timeline, the RBI has, pursuant to its letter dated September 6, 2019, taken the following regulatory actions against us: (i) we are not permitted to open new branches till further advice; and (ii) the remuneration of our Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer stands frozen at the existing level, till further advice. For further information, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Past actions by RBI against our Bank_ ” on page 337. In the event we fail to make satisfactory progress towards the listing of Equity Shares or do not comply with the provisions of the SFB Licensing Guidelines, the RBI may place further restrictions or take further action. Any such actions by the RBI could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. 

**_3. Our business is vulnerable to interest rate risk, and any volatility in interest rates or inability to manage interest rate risk could adversely affect our Net Interest Margins, income from treasury operations, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Our results of operations depend substantially on our Net Interest Income, which is the difference between our interest earned and interest expended. Interest rate risk depends on the nature and extent of gaps in rate sensitive assets and rate sensitive liabilities. Any change or volatility in interest rates would affect our interest expense on our interest-bearing liabilities and interest income from interest-bearing assets including investments, and therefore affect our Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margins. Any increase in our cost of funds may lead to a reduction in our Net Interest Margins, or require us to increase interest rates on loans disbursed to customers in the future to maintain our Net Interest Margins. In addition, a portion of the loans we advance is linked to external benchmark rates and the yield on such loans may vary depending on market factors. In the event the interest rates at which we advance these loans declines due to a decrease in external benchmark rates and there is no corresponding decrease in the interest rates payable by us, we may experience reduced Net Interest Margins. In Fiscal 2018 and 2019 and in the six months ended September 30, 2019, interest expended represented 38.55%, 43.96% and 44.08%, respectively, of our total expenditure. In Fiscal 2018 and 2019 and in the six months ended September 30, 2019, our Net Interest Margins were 9.02%, 8.55% and 8.87% (annualized)/ 4.44% (unannualized), respectively. For further information, see “ _Selected Statistical Information”_ on page 184. 

26 

Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond our control, including the monetary policies of the RBI, deregulation of the financial sector in India, domestic and international economic and political conditions and other factors. In the event rates for interest payable by us increase, we seek to pass the increased cost of funds to our customers, however, we cannot assure you that such increased costs can be fully passed-on owing to various factors including mismatch in timing of asset and liability repricing and competition. Our inability to effectively manage interest rate risk may cause our Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margins to decline, which may affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

The requirement that we maintain a portion of our assets in fixed income government securities could also negatively impact us, if interest on this portion of our investments is lower than the cost of funds. Any increase in this portion will lower our Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin as the interest is less favorable than those typically received on our other interestearning assets. We are also exposed to interest rate risk through our treasury operations and any rise in interest rates or any greater interest rate volatility could adversely affect our income from treasury operations. 

**_4. We have a limited operating history as an SFB and our future financial and operational performance cannot be evaluated on account of our evolving and growing scale of operations. Accordingly, our future results may not be reflective of our past performance. Further, we cannot effectively compare our Restated Financial Information for Fiscal 2017 with our Restated Financial Information for Fiscal 2018 and 2019, and the six months ended September 30, 2018 and 2019, due to non-comparable reporting periods._** 

We commenced operations as an SFB on September 5, 2016. Prior to commencement of operations as an SFB, we operated as an NBFC – AFC carrying out, _inter-alia_ , vehicle finance and MSE finance business as a wholly owned subsidiary of EHL. As an SFB, our operations additionally include the businesses of the other two erstwhile wholly-owned subsidiaries of EHL. As a result of our limited operating history as an SFB, there is limited historical financial and operational information available to help prospective investors evaluate our past performance as a commercial banking entity. Accordingly, investors should evaluate our business and prospects in light of the risks, uncertainties and difficulties frequently encountered by banks that are in the early stages of development. Our failure to mitigate these risks and uncertainties successfully could materially affect our business and operating results, and consequently result in a decline in the trading price of our Equity Shares. 

Further, the Restated Financial Information for Fiscal 2017 represents operations of the Erstwhile NBFC from April 1, 2016 to September 4, 2016 and of our operations as an SFB from September 5, 2016 to March 31, 2017 (which includes the two merged entities with effect from September 2, 2016), while our Restated Financial Information for Fiscal 2018 and 2019 reflect our Bank’s operations for full 12-month periods. Accordingly, our Restated Financial Information and statistical data for Fiscal 2017 are not comparable with our Restated Financial Information and statistical data for Fiscal 2018 and 2019 and for the six months ended September 30, 2018 and 2019. For further information, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on page 300. 

**_5. Any adverse developments in the segments we operate in, including small business loans, microfinance and vehicle finance could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

We are primarily engaged in providing small business loans, microfinance, and vehicle finance to unserved and underserved customer segments. As of September 30, 2019, small business loans, microfinance, and vehicle finance, represented 40.46%, 24.17%, 24.71%, respectively, of our Gross Advances (including IBPC issued) as of such date, and within our credit portfolio, our small business loans (including housing loan) and vehicle finance segments recorded significant growth with a CAGR of 80.24% and 26.12%, respectively, from March 31, 2017 to March 31, 2019. 

The success of our business therefore depends on various factors that affect demand for these loan products. Our small business loans and microfinance business in particular, depend on various factors, including the ability of our first-time borrowers to repay their loan, housing market in India, changes in regulations and policies, natural disasters, calamities, political and social risks, including any adverse publicity or litigation relating to these loan products, and religious beliefs relating to loans and interest payments. As a substantial portion of the loans offered are for first-time borrowers who are likely to be impacted by these conditions, occurrence of these events may adversely affect our ability to recover loans advanced and consequently affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our vehicle finance segment is similarly dependent on the industry for commercial vehicles, and is therefore additionally affected by the demand for transportation services in India, changes in Indian regulations and policies affecting utility vehicles, tractors, commercial vehicles and cars, fuel prices and other macroeconomic conditions in India and globally. 

Further, the unserved and underserved customers that we target are also particularly susceptible to event-based risks, such as, demonetization and natural calamities like cyclone Gaja that affected parts of Tamil Nadu in 2018 which hampered borrowers’ repayment ability. See “ _– A significant portion of our advances are towards customers located in the State of Tamil Nadu and any adverse changes in the conditions affecting the region can adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows_ ” on page 300. The occurrence of any of these events and other factors could lead to an increase in impairment losses and adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_6. Banking companies in India, including us, are currently required to prepare financial statements as per Indian GAAP. However, our Promoter, EHL, currently prepares its financial statements under Ind AS and as a result, we are required_** 

27 

**_to prepare limited financial information in accordance with the accounting policies of EHL for the limited purposes of consolidation by EHL. Differences exist between Ind AS and Indian GAAP, which may be material to investors’ assessment of our financial condition. The Ind AS financial information that we may be required to prepare in the future will not be comparable to the financial information we currently prepare in accordance with the accounting policies of EHL for the limited purpose of consolidation of EHL’s financials._** 

The Ministry of Corporate Affairs, in its press release dated January 18, 2016, issued a roadmap for implementation of Ind AS for scheduled commercial banks, insurance companies and NBFCs, which are also applicable to our Bank. Such roadmap provided that these institutions were required to prepare Ind AS financial statements for accounting periods commencing April 1, 2018 (including comparative financial information for the corresponding periods in the previous year). The RBI, by its circular dated February 11, 2016, required all scheduled commercial banks to comply with Ind AS for financial statements for accounting periods beginning from April 1, 2018 onwards, with comparatives for periods ending March 31, 2018 or thereafter, and also required such entities to be in preparedness to submit proforma Ind AS financial statements to the RBI from the six months ended September 30, 2016. Further, the RBI on October 13, 2017 advised SFBs to be prepared for implementation of the Ind AS accounting standards and instructed SFBs to submit proforma financial statements under Ind AS on a quarterly basis from the quarter ended June 30, 2017, in the format prescribed by them. In compliance with such regulatory requirements, we have submitted proforma Ind AS financial statements for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 and have continued to submit such proforma Ind AS financial statements every quarter to the RBI. However, the RBI, through its notification dated March 22, 2019, decided to defer the implementation of Ind AS until further notice for all scheduled commercial banks (except regional rural banks). Under applicable regulations, scheduled commercial banks, including our Bank, are not permitted to undertake early adoption of Ind AS. Accordingly, we continue to prepare and present our financial statements under Indian GAAP. 

However, being a subsidiary of EHL, our Promoter, which prepares its financial statements in accordance with Ind AS with effect from April 1, 2018, limited financial information of the Bank are also prepared in accordance with accounting policies applicable to EHL for the limited purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements of EHL. Our Bank’s business forms a significant majority of the consolidated operations of EHL. EHL is publicly listed and in compliance with its listing obligations and other applicable laws it makes its standalone and consolidated unaudited quarterly financial results and annual financial statements, respectively. Further, as part of EHL's investor presentations, it has also made public excerpts of the Bank's Indian GAAP quarterly financial results based on management records. 

Ind AS differs in many respects from Indian GAAP, and our limited financial information prepared in accordance with the accounting policies applicable to EHL (for the limited purpose of inclusion in EHL’s consolidated financial statements) is therefore not comparable to our financial statements prepared under Indian GAAP for such respective periods. The key areas of difference between Indian GAAP and Ind AS as it applies to our Bank (in accordance with accounting policies applicable to EHL) include recognition/ derecognition of financial instruments, classification and measurement of financial instruments, fair valuation of financial instruments, impairment by applying expected credit loss, accounting of fee income by effective interest rate, fair value of ESOP calculation, and accounting for leases. In addition, given the relatively recent introduction of Ind AS in India, and in particular since under applicable regulations, Ind AS is still not applicable to scheduled commercial banks, there is limited established practice available for drawing informed judgments regarding the implementation and application of Ind AS to the financial statements of scheduled commercial banks, and consequently our Bank. The Ind AS financial information that we may be required to prepare when applicable to us in the future will therefore not be comparable to the financial information we currently prepare in accordance with the accounting policies of EHL for the limited purpose of consolidation of EHL’s financials. Investors should rely solely on our Restated Financial Information for an assessment of our current financial position. For further information, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Transition to Ind AS and impact on preparation and presentation of our future and historical financial statements”_ on page 305. 

The Restated Financial Information included in this DRHP are derived from our Indian GAAP audited financial statements for Fiscal 2017, 2018 and 2019 and the six months ended September 30, 2018 and 2019. To the extent that financial information relating to our Bank can be indirectly derived from the consolidated financial statements of EHL prepared in accordance with accounting policies under Ind AS, as well as related investor presentations and investor interaction information made available publicly in the ordinary course by EHL as a publicly listed entity, on a quarterly or annual basis, or from financial information of EHL included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, investors are cautioned against placing reliance on any such financial information relating to our Bank for making any investment decision. Such information is not a part of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and our Bank, the BRLMs or any other person connected with the Offer do not take responsibility for such information. Any investment decision must be taken only on the basis of the Restated Financial Information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_7. We have a continuous requirement of funds and our inability to access sources of funds in an acceptable and timely manner or any disruption in the access to funds would adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Prior to operating as an SFB, we met our funding requirements through a combination of term loans from banks and financial institutions, issuance of non-convertible debentures, refinancing arrangements and securitization/ assignment of receivables. 

28 

However, upon transitioning into an SFB, our primary sources of funding have been deposits and refinancing. As of March 31, 2019 and September 30, 2019, majority of our funding consists of retail deposits accounting for 24.30% and 33.53%, respectively, of our total deposits, with a CASA ratio of 25.25% and 22.43%, respectively. Considering the growth of our business, we will have a continuous requirement of funds for expanding our outreach and enhancing our loan portfolio. Our ability to continue to meet customer demand for new loans will depend primarily on our ability to raise funds through deposits and refinancing on suitable interest rates and terms, and in a timely manner. Our ability to raise such funds on competitive terms in the future will depend on various factors including our credit ratings, macroeconomic factors, the regulatory environment and policy initiatives in India, developments in the international markets affecting the Indian economy, investors’ and/ or lenders’ perception of demand for debt and equity securities of SFBs, and our current and future results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our cost of borrowings are partly determined by the credit ratings we have obtained from various agencies in the past, and there can be no assurance that we will continue to be granted strong credit ratings and any downgrade in our credit ratings may increase interest rates for refinancing our outstanding debt, which would increase our financing costs, and adversely affect our future issuances of debt and our ability to raise new capital on a competitive basis. 

We are subject to inter-bank borrowing limits for borrowings made by us after commencing operations as an SFB, at par with scheduled commercial banks. Further, the funds provided by commercial banks and financial institutions to us are not eligible for classification as ‘priority sector’ advances, as such loans extended are required to be qualified as ‘inter-bank lending’ and accordingly, our access to loans from banks and financial institutions is currently limited. In addition, while banks in India are precluded from creating floating charges on their assets, any existing floating charge created on our assets pursuant to conversion of the Erstwhile NBFC into the Bank have to be grandfathered till their maturity subject to imposition of an additional capital charge, in accordance with guidelines issued by the RBI. Accordingly, we may be required to avail of unsecured loans at higher interest rates as compared to secured loans. We may also be unable to attract sufficient deposits from customers, due to various factors beyond our control, such as the market acceptance of the ‘ _Equitas_ ’ brand and its associated reputation. We have to also compete with other banks by offering attractive interest rates, and may be unable to raise sufficient funds, including funds through deposits at existing or higher interest cost. We also face certain restrictions on our ability to incur debt from international markets, which may further constrain our ability to raise funds at attractive rates. Consequently, our inability to raise sufficient funds in a timely manner, or at all, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

**_8. We, our Promoter, and our Directors, are involved in certain legal proceedings, any adverse developments related to which could materially and adversely affect our business, reputation and cash flows._** 

There are outstanding legal proceedings against our Bank, our Promoter and our Directors, in relation to the business and operations of each entity. These proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and appellate tribunals. We cannot assure you that these proceedings will be decided in our favour. Brief details of material outstanding litigation that have been initiated by and against our Bank, our Promoter and our Directors (as applicable) are set forth below. 

|||**No. of cases outstanding**|**Amount**<br>**involved**<br>**(₹million)**|
|---|---|---|---|
|**Proceedings against our Bank**<br> <br> <br>|<br>|||
|Other<br>pending<br>material<br>proceedings|litigation|Nil|Nil|
|Regulatory proceedings||1|18.75|
|Criminalproceedings||1|Nil|
|Tax matters||3|20.13<sup>*</sup>|
|**Proceedings by our Bank**<br> <br> <br>||||
|Other<br>pending<br>material<br>proceedings|litigation|Nil|Nil|
|Regulatory proceedings||Nil|Nil|
|Criminalproceedings||1,766<sup>**</sup>|1,404.73|
|Tax matters||Nil|Nil|
|**Litigation involving our Prom**|**oter**|||
|Oh<br>di<br>il|liii|||
|ter<br>penng<br>matera<br>proceedings|tgaton|Nil|Nil|
|Regulatory proceedings||Nil|Nil|
|Criminalproceedings||Nil|Nil|
|Tax matters||3|104.05|
|**Litigation involving our Direc**<br> <br> <br>|**tors**<br>|||
|Other<br>pending<br>material<br>proceedings|litigation|Nil|Nil|
|Regulatory proceedings||Nil|Nil|
|Criminalproceedings||1|Nil|
|Tax matters||Nil|Nil|



29 

||**No. of cases outstanding**|**Amount**<br>**involved**|
|---|---|---|
|||**(₹million)**|
|**Total**|**1,775**|**1,547.66**|



_*Our Bank has paid ₹0.65 million as tax in accordance with Section 35F of the Central Excise Act, 1944 read with Section 83 of the Finance Act, 1994_ 

_** There were 88 instances of fraud reported in Fiscal 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020, which, interalia, pertain to instances of theft, phishing, skimming, forgery, identity theft, cash embezzlement, cheating, criminal misappropriation and criminal breach of trust and 21 instances of robbery and theft reported in Fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020._ 

The amounts claimed in these proceedings have been disclosed to the extent ascertainable and include amounts claimed jointly and severally. If any new developments arise, such as a change in Indian law or rulings against us by appellate courts or tribunals, we may need to make provisions in our financial statements that could increase our expenses and current liabilities. Any adverse decision in any of these proceedings may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

For further information, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 333. 

**_9. Our Promoter is required to reduce its shareholding in our Bank to 40% of our paid-up Equity Share capital on or prior to September 4, 2021. Except for the Offer for Sale, as of the date of this DRHP, our Promoter has not approved any specific method to achieve such compliance. However, if and when any method is proposed to be undertaken, we cannot assure you that any required consent, approval, waiver or clarification will be received in a timely manner, or at all, to enable our Promoter to reduce its shareholding as required._** 

Our Promoter will hold [●]% of the Equity Share capital of our Bank upon the completion of the Offer.  In order to comply with the RBI Final Approval and the SFB Licensing Guidelines (“ **Licensing Conditions** ”), our Promoter needs to reduce its shareholding in our Bank to 40% on or prior to September 4, 2021 (“ **RBI Dilution Requirement** ”).  Thereafter, its shareholding needs reduce to 30% and 26% on or prior to September 4, 2026 and September 4, 2028, respectively. 

Except for the Offer for Sale, as of the date of this DRHP, our Promoter has not approved any specific method to achieve such compliance. 

Under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, upon Allotment in the Offer, our Promoter will be subject to (i) a one year lock-in for all of its pre-Offer shareholding in our Bank; and (ii) a three year lock-in on 20% of the post-Offer Equity Share capital towards the Promoter’s minimum contribution.  Therefore, our Promoter’s ability to sell any of its Equity Shares in our Bank will be restricted for on account of the limited period available post the completion of the one year lock-in period minimum period after the Offer is completed.  This may adversely impact the ability of our Promoter to comply with the shareholding requirements under the Licensing Conditions. Further, in order to be in compliance with the applicable regulations within prescribed timelines, we may be compelled to pursue alternatives on terms that may be onerous to us, which may adversely impact our business and prospects. 

In the past, our Promoter and our Bank have approached regulatory authorities to seek clarity and/or exemptions from the RBI Dilution Requirement.  For example, our Bank requested the RBI to exempt this requirement if there is a potential merger of our Promoter with our Bank.  However, pursuant to a letter dated June 6, 2019, the RBI stated that any proposal for the merger of our Promoter with our Bank will only be examined after expiry of the lock-in period on September 4, 2021.   For further details, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters_ ” on page 149. 

There can be no assurance that our Promoter or our Bank will be able to obtain, in a timely manner or at all, consents, approvals, waivers or clarifications, if required, from regulatory authorities, tribunals, shareholders, lenders or third parties and achieve compliance with the Licensing Conditions. Our Bank and our Promoter may be subject to penalties for non-compliance which may have a material adverse effect on our business and operations and the trading price of our Equity Shares. 

To achieve compliance with the shareholding requirement, if our Promoter is required to sell its Equity Shares or our Bank has to issue fresh Equity Shares, or our Promoter and our Bank consider other options such as a merger or an acquisition, such actions, or the perception that such actions may occur, may materially and adversely affect our business and operations and the trading price of our Equity Shares. 

# **_10. A significant portion of our advances are towards customers located in the State of Tamil Nadu and any adverse changes in the conditions affecting the region can adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

A large number of our Banking Outlets are located in the State of Tamil Nadu. Consequently, a majority of our advances are towards customers in Tamil Nadu. As of March 31, 2019 and September 30, 2019, advances towards customers in Tamil Nadu represented 56.64% and 55.74%, respectively, of our Gross Advances (including IBPC issued) as of such dates. For further information in relation to our geographical presence, see “ _Our Business”_ and “ _Selected Statistical Information_ ” on pages 115 and 184, respectively. 

30 

In the event of a regional slowdown in the economic activity in Tamil Nadu, or any other developments including change in regulatory framework, political unrest, disruption or sustained economic downturn or natural calamities in the region affecting the ability of our borrowers to repay our loans, or that make our products in the region less beneficial, we may experience an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, which are largely dependent on the performance, geo-political and other prevailing conditions affecting the economies of the state. For instance, during the occurrence of cyclone Gaja in Tamil Nadu in 2018, we experienced defaults on repayments and reduced collection efficiencies for microfinance loans. In addition, the market for our products in Tamil Nadu may perform differently from, and be subject to, market and regulatory developments that are different from the requirements in other states of India. There can be no assurance that the demand for our products will grow, or will not decrease, in the future, in the region. 

**_11. Our deposits depend on a limited number of customers and a loss of such customers could materially and adversely affect our deposit portfolio, funding sources, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We are dependent on a limited number of customers for a substantial portion of our deposits. Deposits from our 20 largest depositors (excluding certificates of deposit issued) represented 32.65% and 35.89% of our total deposits in Fiscal 2019 and in the six months ended September 30, 2019, respectively. Further, deposits from our 10 largest depositors, primarily comprising wholesale depositors, represented 25.54% and 26.99% of our total deposits in Fiscal 2019 and in the six months ended September 30, 2019, respectively. Reduction or loss of such deposits expose us to an increasing funding risk, which could in turn adversely affect our financial performance and results of operations. A reduction in the services we perform for such customers or the loss of such major customers could result in a significant reduction of our deposits portfolio. Factors that may result in a loss of a customer include our service performance, reduction in budgets due to macroeconomic factors or otherwise and shift in policies and political or economic factors. There is significant competition for the services we provide and we are typically not an exclusive service provider to our large customers. These factors may not be under our control or predicted with any degree of certainty. Significant pricing or margin pressure exerted by our customers could also adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our customers may reduce or remove their deposits from our Bank, with or without cause or notice, at any time. If any of our customers reduce or remove their deposit accounts from our Bank, our deposits portfolio, funding sources, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 

**_12. The value of our collateral may decrease or we may experience delays in enforcing collateral when borrowers default on their obligations, which may result in failure to recover the expected value of collateral security exposing us to potential loss._** 

We disburse certain loans that are secured by assets and follow certain procedures to evaluate the credit profiles of our customers. However, the value of the collateral obtained by us may fluctuate or decline due to factors beyond our control, including deterioration in regional economic conditions or of asset values or as a result of adverse changes in the credit quality of our borrowers and counterparties or delays in foreclosure proceedings or defects or deficiencies in the perfection of collateral. In the event of a decline in any of these, some of our loans may exceed the value of their underlying collateral. Our secured advances have grown from ₹33,272.36 million as of March 31, 2017 to ₹52,649.54 million as of March 31, 2018, to ₹82,759.08 million as of March 31, 2019 and were ₹97,612.87 million as of September 30, 2019. Our secured advances represented 53.16%, 66.33%, 70.71% and 73.91% of our Gross Advances (including IBPC issued) as of March 31, 2017, 2018, 2019 and September 30, 2019, respectively. 

While we factor in a reduction in value to an extent, it may not be sufficient if the value of the collateral reduces substantially. This is particularly applicable in situations where the advances are secured by highly depreciating fixed assets such as vehicles, and particularly used commercial vehicles. As a result, if our customers default, we may receive less money from liquidating the collateral than is owed under the relevant loan, and incur losses, even in cases where we are able to successfully seize and liquidate the collateral. For instance, we have in the past incurred losses on repossession and sale of such collaterals, due to the depreciating nature of used commercial vehicles and other external factors including government policies imposing restrictions on use of commercial vehicles. See “ _– Changes in environmental, tax or other laws may lead to a decline in the sale of vehicles or value of vehicles as a collateral, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects_ ” on page 42. 

Collateral for our small business loans and secured MSE loans primarily includes mortgage over our customers’ residential or commercial property and we are therefore exposed to adverse movements in the price of such immoveable property and the real estate market in general. We are also exposed to the risk arising out of forged title deeds and property documents given as collateral for our secured loans, particularly as there is no centralized land title registry in India to verify the land title of firsttime borrowers. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully seize the collateral in the event of customer default and may face delays and incur legal and administrative costs in the repossession and sale of the collateral. Legal proceedings for such purposes in India are often time consuming and if we are unable to seize and recover the full value of collateral in a timely manner, or at all, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected. In the event our borrowers default on the repayment of loans, we may not be able to realize the full value of the collateral due to various reasons, including a possible decline in the realizable value of the collateral, defective title or pledge of damaged items as security, prolonged legal proceedings and fraudulent actions by borrowers, or we may not be able to foreclose on collateral at all. Further, we may be 

31 

required to increase our provision for loan losses in case of any decline in the value of the security, which could impair our ability to realize the secured assets upon any foreclosure. 

**_13. Our microfinance loan portfolio and unsecured business loans portfolio are not supported by any collateral that could help ensure repayment of the loan, and in the event of non-payment by a borrower of one of these loans, we may be unable to collect the unpaid balance._** 

Our microfinance loans and unsecured business loans portfolio are at higher credit risk than secured loan portfolios because they may not be supported by realizable collateral that could help ensure an adequate source of repayment for the loan. Our microfinance loans are offered to individuals and families to assist in micro-entrepreneurial enterprises and to invest in incomegenerating activities. Such customers are part of the unorganized sector and may not have traditional credit history such as credit scores. While we have certain practices based on an understanding of the market, and stipulate certain parameters that customers need to satisfy in order to obtain advances from us, there can been no assurance that such loans will not become nonperforming. Our customers may default on their obligations as a result of various factors including bankruptcy, lack of liquidity and/ or failure of the business or commercial venture in relation to which such borrowings were sanctioned. As of March 31, 2019, such unsecured loans represented 29.29% of our Gross Advances (including IBPC issued), while as of September 30, 2019, unsecured loans represented 26.09% of our Gross Advances (including IBPC issued). We may be unable to collect our outstanding advances in part or at all in the event of non-payment by a borrower. 

Further, for our microfinance business, we rely primarily on non-traditional guarantee mechanisms including the peer-guarantee loan model, wherein borrowers form a ‘joint liability group’ (“ **JLG** ”) and provide guarantees for loans obtained by each member of such group without such members having to provide collateral or security on an individual basis. There can be no assurance that such joint liability arrangements will ensure full or partial repayment by the other members of a JLG in the event of default by any one of them. These arrangements are likely to fail if there is no meaningful personal relationship among members of such group; if inadequate risk management procedures have been employed to verify the group members and their ability to repay such loans; or as a result of adverse external factors such as natural calamities or forced migration. Any increase in delinquency in our loan portfolio could require us to increase our provision for credit losses, which would decrease our earnings. For further information on the JLG model, see “ _Our Business_ ” on page 115. 

Further, state governments have recently waived loans to certain customer segments such as farm loan waivers, which may have an adverse impact on the overall loan recovery climate. If such loan waivers become more widespread in the future, this could result in a loss of short-term liquidity for affected banks, including the Bank, while such banks wait for the reimbursement of such waived loans from the relevant state government. In addition to a loss of short-term liquidity for affected banks, such loan waivers may also have a negative impact on borrower behavior such as resistance by borrowers’ to make repayments in anticipation of further loan waivers. The loan waiver programs may have an adverse impact on the banking sector as a whole as well as the Bank’s business, future financial performance and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

**_14. We have significant exposure to loans against property. We may not be able to realize the expected value of the collateral on loans due to fluctuating real estate prices and/ or enforce the security in a timely manner or at all in the event of default and this may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

The primary security for housing loans and other micro-loans disbursed by us under our small business loans segment is the underlying property. As of September 30, 2019, exposure to loans against property represented 40.46% of our Gross Advances (including IBPC issued). The value of this security is largely dependent on housing and property market conditions prevalent at that time, and may decline due to adverse market conditions including an economic downturn or a downward movement in real estate prices. Failure to recover the expected value of collateral could expose us to significant losses and, in turn, result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

**_15. An inability to obtain, renew or maintain our statutory and regulatory permits and approvals required to operate our business may adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows._** 

We are required to obtain various statutory and regulatory permits and approvals to operate our business which requires us to comply with certain terms and conditions to continue our banking operations. These include approvals from the RBI for various aspects of our banking operations (including for services such as NEFT, RTGS and foreign exchange dealing), approvals for providing internet and mobile banking services and licenses from other regulatory authorities, such as the IRDAI and PFRDA, for distribution of third-party insurance products and pension services. Failure to obtain these permits and approvals may result in imposition of fines and penalties by the relevant regulator. For instance, the RBI has previously imposed a penalty of ₹1 million on us for distributing mutual funds, insurance products and commencing referral of PMS products, in the absence of prior approval from the RBI. We have subsequently obtained the approval of the RBI for distribution of such products. The RBI In-Principle Approval and RBI Final Approval also require us to comply with certain terms and conditions. Further in relation to Banking Outlets, while we have obtained in-principle approval from the RBI to open 305 Banking Outlets under the ABOEP for Fiscal 2019, we await final approval in respect of these Banking Outlets which include 101 Banking Outlets that we propose to open in URCs in order to comply with RBI guidelines which require 25% of our banking outlets to be in URCs. However, the RBI has subsequently prohibited us from opening any new branches, till further advice, and we may therefore be 

32 

unable to comply with these guidelines. See “ _– We have not complied with certain provisions of the SFB Licensing Guidelines. In the event of any continued non-compliance, we may be subject to various sanctions and penalties by the RBI and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted_ ” on page 26. In the event that we are unable to comply with any or all of these terms and conditions, or seek waivers or extensions of time for complying with these terms and conditions, it is possible that the RBI may revoke this license or may place stringent restrictions on our operations. There have been such instances of non-compliance in the past, for which the RBI has imposed penalties, issued directions, show cause notices and/ or taken other actions, see “ _– We are subject to stringent regulatory requirements and prudential norms and our inability to comply with such laws, regulations and norms may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows_ ”, “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ”, “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Past actions by RBI against our Bank_ ” and “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on pages 24,138, 337, and 340 respectively. This may result in the interruption of all or some of our operations and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results and cash flow. Further, we may need to apply for new licenses and approvals, including for conversion of our Bank into a universal bank subject to compliance with applicable regulations, and renew our existing ones, which expire from time to time. In the event that we are unable to obtain, renew or maintain other statutory permits and approvals or comply with regulatory requirements, it may result in the interruption of all or some of our operations, imposition of penalties and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial performance and reputation. 

In addition, we are required to obtain certain approvals, including shops and establishment licenses, trade licenses, contract labour registration, employee provident fund and tax registrations. See “ _Government and Other Approvals”_ on page 340. Further, our approvals and licenses are subject to numerous conditions, some of which are onerous and may require us to incur substantial expenditure in order to comply with such conditions. We cannot assure you that the approvals, licenses, registrations or permits issued to us will not be suspended or revoked, or that applicable penalties will not be imposed on us in the event of non-compliance with any terms and conditions. We may also incur substantial costs related to litigation if we are subject to significant regulatory action, which may adversely affect our business, future financial performance and results of operations. 

# **_16. If we are not able to control the level of non-performing assets in our portfolio or if there is an increase in RBI mandated provisioning requirements, it could adversely affect our business, financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows._** 

As of March 31, 2019 and September 30, 2019, our Gross NPAs were ₹2,957.11 million and ₹3,772.21 million, respectively, representing 2.53% and 2.86%, respectively, of our Gross Advances (including IBPC issued), while our Net NPAs were ₹1,674.27 million and ₹2,118.77 million, respectively, representing 1.44% and 1.63%, respectively, of our net Advances as of such dates. Our NPAs may increase in the future, due to several factors, including increased competition, adverse effects on the business and results of operations of our borrowers, a rise in unemployment, a sharp and sustained rise in interest rate, slow industrial and business growth, changes in customer behaviour and demographic patterns, central and state government decisions (including agricultural loan waivers that may affect our agricultural portfolio in the short term) and changes in regulations. Further, our credit monitoring and risk management policies and procedures may not be properly designed, compliant with applicable directives, or effective or appropriately implemented or complied with by our customers, and we could suffer material credit losses. In addition, even if our policies and procedures are effective and properly implemented, we may not be able to anticipate future economic or financial developments or downturns, which could lead to an increase in our NPAs. Further, the expansion of our business may cause our NPAs to increase and the overall quality of our loan portfolio to deteriorate. Any significant increase in NPAs may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Provisions for NPAs are created by a charge to our profit and loss account and are currently subject to minimum provisioning requirements, linked to ageing of NPAs. In addition to the relevant regulatory minimum provisioning, we also consider our internal estimate for loan losses and risks inherent in the credit portfolio when deciding on the appropriate level of provisions. The determination of a suitable level of loan losses and provisions involves a degree of subjectivity and requires that we make estimates of current credit risks and future trends, all of which may be subject to material changes. Any incorrect estimation of risk may result in our provisions not being adequate to cover expected losses on NPAs. Our provision coverage ratio was 43.38% and 43.83% in Fiscal 2019 and in the six months ended September 30, 2019, respectively, and there can be no assurance that our provision coverage ratio will continue to increase or that it will not decline in the future. We may need to make further provisions if there is dilution/ deterioration in the quality of our security, or down-grading of the account, or if recoveries with respect to such NPAs do not materialize in time or at all. Any increase in provisions may adversely impact our financial performance. Further, there can be no assurance that the transition to Ind AS will not further increase our provisioning requirements in the future. Accordingly, any significant increase in our NPAs may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and as a result, our return ratios may not be consistent with our previous performance. 

**_17. Non-compliance with RBI inspection/ observations or other regulatory requirements may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operation. Any adverse observations from such regulators could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows._** 

We are subject to periodic inspections by the RBI under the Banking Regulation Act and the RBI Act, pursuant to which the RBI issues observations, directions and monitorable action plans, on issues related to various operational risks and regulatory 

33 

non-compliances. The non-compliances previously highlighted include transfer of borrower accounts from another bank without taking a credit opinion, incorrect calculation of liquidity coverage ratio, opening of savings account in the name of another bank, non-disclosure of direct assignment transactions in notes to financial statements of the Bank, and failing to report frauds to the RBI within three weeks of detection. In addition, during the recent inspection conducted in January 2019, for Fiscal 2018, pursuant to Section 35 of the Banking Regulation Act, RBI has made certain observations regarding our business and operations including, amongst others, (i) misclassification of PSL advances, and inadequate measures to monitor end-use of funds for PSL advances; (ii) absence of a credit rating and scoring model to assess microfinance loans; (iii) evergreening of loans in the form of disbursements of additional/ top-up loans to regular/ overdue/ NPA accounts in order to pre-close existing loans; (iv) absence of an automated collateral management system, and failure to carry out re-valuations of collateral in NPA accounts; (v) credit appraisal and credit monitoring deficiencies; (vi) deficiencies in ICAAP assessments; (viii) incorrect computation of MCLR by including cost of providing loan products which were separately recovered by way of service charges in operating costs; (ix) delay in detection and reporting of frauds; (x) weak customer grievances redressal mechanism, weak MIS and deficiencies in AML and KYC framework and outsourcing arrangements; and (xi) gaps in oversight of board level and management level committees and audit mechanism; (xii) absence of a system to issue sanction letters to JLG borrowers; (xiii) absence of unified automated MIS integrating all critical systems; (xiv) deficiencies in IT systems and controls (such as cyber security, non-conduct of malware analysis of ATMs and other deficiencies); (xv) non-formulation of IT strategy plan in alignment with business objectives; (xvi) failure to system based identification of NPAs; (xvii) shortfall of provisioning in five NPA accounts for more than three years on account of valuation of collaterals; and (xviii) charging of interest in loan accounts from the date prior to disbursement of funds. In addition, the RBI indicated that the Bank’s asset quality and systems and controls functions are at high and increasing risk. 

While we have responded to such observations, directions, monitorable action plans and regulatory non-compliances and complied with some of them, we cannot assure you that the RBI will not make similar or other observations in the future. In the event we are unable to resolve such deficiencies and other matters to the RBI’s satisfaction, or are otherwise in noncompliance with the RBI’s directions, the RBI may charge penalties, penalize our management, restrict our banking activities or otherwise enforce increased scrutiny and control over our banking operations, including by way of withholding approvals, or issuing conditional approvals, or even cancel our banking license. Imposition of any penalty or adverse findings by the RBI during ongoing or any future inspections may therefore have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation. 

Further, our Bank has in the past, filed incorrect forms with the RoC such as form DIR-12 for appointment of an independent director instead of for appointment of an additional director. Our Bank has subsequently filed the correct form in this regard with the RoC. There can be no assurance that such non-compliances will not recur in future. In case of any such future noncompliance, we may be subject to penalties that may have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. 

**_18. We have recently introduced new products and services and we cannot assure you that such products and services will be profitable in the future. Further, we may not be able to successfully diversify our product portfolio or enter into new lines of business, which may materially and adversely affect our business prospects and impact our future financial performance._** 

We have introduced new products and services, such as loans for new commercial vehicles, and different types of savings accounts for mass and mass-affluent customer segments. For further information, see “ _Our Business – Description of our Business – Product Portfolio”_ on page 124. We have incurred substantial costs to expand our range of products and services and we cannot assure you that such products and services will be successful, whether due to factors within or outside of our control, such as general economic conditions, a failure to understand customer demand and market requirements or management focus on these new products. We have limited experience in offering such products. Further, these operations may be accompanied by operating and marketing challenges that may be different from those we currently encounter. In addition, if we fail to successfully offer our new products and services in an increasingly competitive market, we may not be able to capture the growth opportunities associated with them or recover the development and marketing costs, and our future results of operations and growth strategies could be adversely affected. Further, we may require approval from regulatory authorities before we commence offering certain services. If we fail to obtain such approvals, or to develop and launch such products and services successfully, we may lose a part or all of the costs incurred in the development of such offerings, or discontinue these offerings, which could in turn adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

While diversifying our product portfolio and services, we may encounter certain additional risks including management and market-related risks. We cannot assure you that such diversification or expansion of operations will yield favourable or expected results, as our overall profitability and success will be subject to various factors, including, among others, our ability to effectively recruit, retain and motivate appropriate and experienced managerial talent, and ability to compete with other scheduled commercial banks and other NBFCs and SFBs that are already well established in these market segments. Further, new businesses will require significant capital investment and commitment of time from our senior management. There can be no assurance that our management will be able to develop the skills necessary to successfully manage these new business areas. Our inability to effectively manage any of these issues could materially and adversely affect our business and impact our future financial performance and/ or cash flows. 

34 

**_19. Our operations involve handling significant amounts of cash, making us susceptible to operational risks, including fraud, petty theft and embezzlement, which could harm our results of operations and financial position._** 

While we seek to increasingly transform our operations to a cashless model, a significant portion of our business, particularly with respect to collections, continues to be cash based. Our employees at our Banking Outlets are responsible for the collection and deposit of cash, thereby exposing us to the risks of loss, fraud, misappropriation, theft, assault and unauthorized transactions by our employees. While we seek to prevent fraud or misappropriation by our employees through internal control measures, we may be unable to adequately prevent or deter such activities in all cases. In the past, we have experienced acts of fraud (as defined under the applicable RBI guidelines), theft, forgery and misappropriation committed by or involving our customers/ employees. During Fiscal 2018, 26 cases of fraud involving ₹20.43 million were reported to the RBI as against 22 cases of fraud involving ₹24.32 million during Fiscal 2019. Such acts could also bind us to transactions that exceed authorized limits or present unacceptable risks or hide unauthorized or unlawful activities from us. In particular, in the past, we have faced several instances of employee negligence, manipulation, misrepresentation, corruption and fraud, such as embezzlement of cash, cheating and forgery including through phishing/ skimming of ATM/ debit cards, clandestine selling-off of hypothecated/ mortgaged security, fraudulent encashment of checks. The frauds detected were mainly due to embezzlement of cash and fabricated title deeds. For further information, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 333. 

While we have been able to identify fraud relating to misappropriation of funds in the past, there could be instances of fraud and misconduct by our employees which may go unnoticed for certain periods of time before corrective action is taken. In addition, we may be subject to regulatory or other proceedings in connection with any such unauthorized transaction, fraud or misappropriation by our employees, which could adversely affect our goodwill, business prospects and future financial performance. Even when we identify instances of fraud and other misconduct and pursue legal recourse or file claims with our insurance carriers, we cannot assure you that we will recover any amounts lost through such fraud or other misconduct. In addition, our dependence upon automated systems to record and process transactions may further increase the risk that technical system flaws or employee tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect. 

**_20. We rely extensively on and upgrade our information technology systems and any disruptions in such systems, or breach of data, could adversely affect our operations and reputation. Further, our success depends on our ability to respond to new technological advances._** 

Our information technology systems enable us to manage various back-end operations supported by a core banking system, customer relationship management system, collection management system and document management system. See “ _Our Business – Information Technology”_ on page 136. Our business is therefore dependent on timely upgradation of our information technology systems and any disruption, breach or failure in our technology infrastructure may have significant consequences on our business operations, including: 

- disabling or malfunctioning of financial, accounting or data processing systems; 

- inability to service our customers on a timely basis or at all; 

- non-availability of certain information for our management in order to enable them to plan for or respond to contingencies and changes in market conditions in a timely manner or at all; and 

- loss of confidential or material data in relation to our financial products. 

Our hardware and software systems are subject to potential internal and external disruptions such as damage or incapacitation by human error, natural disasters, power loss, nation/ region-wide interruptions in the infrastructure, sabotage, computer viruses and similar events or the loss of support services from third-parties such as internet backbone providers. Our systems are also potentially vulnerable to data security breaches, whether by employees, who may lack experience with our newer information technology systems, or others, that may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. We undertake a high volume of transactions, including through internet and mobile banking, and cannot assure you that we will be able to prevent occurrence of any disruption or successfully contain the consequences of such failures. Data security breaches could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, or could lead to the public exposure of personal information (including sensitive financial and personal information) of our customers and employees. We have previously received certain observations on our cyber security compliance including failure to submit certain reports within prescribed timelines to the Cyber Security and Information Technology Examination as specified by the RBI, failure to perform anti-phishing exercises or conduct periodic reviews for network and security devices, and inability to provide adequate information in certain instances to monitor compliance. Although we intend to continue to implement security measures and establish operational procedures to prevent break-ins, damage and failures, there can be no assurance that instances of IT infringements and security breaches will not take place in the future or that our security measures will be adequate or successful. Failed security measures could have a material adverse effect on our business, our future financial performance and the trading price of the Equity Shares. We have experienced instances of application down-time and service degeneration in the past. While we have rectified these issues, any such security breaches or compromises of technology systems in the future could result in institution of legal proceedings against us and potential imposition of penalties, which may have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. 

Further, we have also entered into agreements with several IT vendors to set up IT infrastructure. If our IT vendors are unable to fulfil their contractual obligations or if we encounter any failure in the timely implementation, performance or integration of such systems, we may experience interruptions in our operations, loss of customers, damaged reputation and weakening of our 

35 

ae 

registry under class 36, which is valid up to October 4, 2026. For further information, see “ _Our Business – Intellectual Property”_ on page 136. The registrations provided to our trademarks are for a limited duration of 10 years, and are required to be renewed from time to time. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully renew our registrations in a timely manner or 



at all. Currently, our corporate logo is for which an application for registration has been made with the trademark registry under class 36. There can be no assurance that such application will be granted and we will be able to gain trademark protection over such logo. We may not be able to prevent infringement of our trademarks and a passing off action may not provide sufficient protection until such time that this registration is granted. We may also be harmed by the actions of or negative press relating to entities which have similar names. 

Further, if a dispute arises with respect to any of our intellectual property rights or proprietary information, we will be required to produce evidence to defend or enforce our claims, and we may become party to litigation, which may strain our resources and divert the attention of our management. We cannot assure you that any infringement claims that are material will not arise in the future or that we will be successful in defending any such claims when they arise. Our efforts to protect our intellectual property or proprietary information and the measures we take to identify potential infringement of our intellectual property may not be adequate to detect or prevent infringement, misappropriation or unauthorized use. Further, the application of laws governing intellectual property rights in India is continuously evolving and there may be instances of infringement or passingoff of our brand in Indian markets. Our failure to adequately protect our brand, trademarks and other related intellectual property rights may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We may also be subject to claims by third parties, both inside and outside India, if we breach their intellectual property rights by using taglines, names, designs, software or other such subjects, which are of a similar nature to the intellectual property these third parties may have registered. Any legal proceedings that result in a finding that we have breached third party intellectual property rights, or any settlements concerning such claims, may require us to provide financial compensation to such third parties or make changes to our marketing strategies or to the brand names of our products, which may have a materially adverse effect on our brand, business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_23. All our Banking Outlets along with our Registered Office and Corporate Office are on leased premises and we may enter into new lease arrangements for additional Banking Outlets. Any inability on our part to identify suitable premises or enter into or renew lease agreements on terms acceptable to us, may have an adverse effect on our operations._** 

As of September 30, 2019, all our Banking Outlets are located on leased premises. Further, our Registered Office and Corporate Office is also located on leased premises. In addition, we intend to strategically open additional Banking Outlets on leased premises in the future. Consequently, any inability on our part to identify suitable premises for our Banking Outlets, or enter into or renew lease agreements on terms acceptable to us, may have an adverse effect on our operations. 

Further, a number of our lease agreements are due to expire in the next two years, and in case of non-renewal of our leases or if such agreements are renewed on unfavorable terms and conditions, we may be forced to procure alternative space for our existing Banking Outlets, Registered Office and Corporate Office and incur additional costs for such relocation. In addition, certain of our Banking Outlets are located on premises that have been mortgaged by landlords to secure credit facilities obtained from lenders. If the lenders enforce the mortgage on account of any default by the landlords and subsequently, cancel our leasehold arrangements, or refuse to renew them on terms that are commercially acceptable to us, we may be compelled to relocate from such premises. This may cause a disruption in our operations or result in increased costs, or both, which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, in respect of such defaulting premises. Further, some of our lease agreements may not be adequately stamped or registered with the registering authority of the appropriate jurisdiction. An instrument not duly stamped, or insufficiently stamped, shall not be admitted as evidence in any Indian court or may attract a penalty as prescribed under applicable law for admission, which could adversely affect the continuance of our operations and business. We cannot assure you that we will be able to identify space that satisfies the operational, safety and other criteria for our Banking Outlets at terms that are commercially viable or at all. 

# **_24. We may face asset liability mismatches, which could affect our liquidity and consequently may adversely affect our operations and profitability._** 

We may face asset and liability mismatches, which represents situations when the financial terms of an institution’s assets and liabilities do not match. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain a positive asset-liability gap. We may rely on funding options with a short-term maturity period for extending long-term loans, which may lead to negative asset-liability gap. Further, mismatches between our assets and liabilities are compounded in case of pre-payments of the financing facilities we grant to our customers. For further information, see “ _Selected Statistical Information – Asset Liability Management_ ” on page 192. Any mismatch in our assets and liabilities may lead to a liquidity risk and have a material adverse effect on our operations and profitability. 

**_25. Our inability to expand our network of Banking Outlets or manage our infrastructure or to attract new customers may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

37 

As of September 30, 2019, we operated 853 Banking Outlets spread across 15 States and union territories in India. We intend to strategically grow our network of Banking Outlets in new markets in India in order to attract new customers. Any new Banking Outlets that we establish may not be profitable immediately upon their opening or may take time to break even, and failure to do so within a reasonable period may adversely affect our profitability. We will need to enhance and improve our financial, accounting, information technology, administrative and operational infrastructure and internal capabilities in order to manage the future growth of our business. 

Further, as a result of our inability to meet a condition in the SFB Licensing Guidelines within prescribed timelines, we are presently not permitted to open new branches till further communication from the RBI. For further information, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” and “– _We have not complied with the provisions of the SFB Licensing Guidelines. In the event of any continued non-compliance, we may be subject to various sanctions and penalties by the RBI and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted”_ on pages 333 and 26, respectively. We cannot assure you that we will succeed in doing so, as it is subject to many factors beyond our control. In addition, we are likely to compete with other banks and financial institutions, and local unorganized or semi-organized private financiers, who are more familiar with local business practices and customs, and have stronger relationships with the target customers. Factors such as competition and customer requirements in these new markets may differ from those in our existing markets. 

As we plan to expand our geographic footprint in India, our business may be exposed to additional challenges, including obtaining additional governmental or regulatory approvals, identifying and collaborating with local business partners with whom we may have no existing relationship, successfully marketing our products in markets in which we have no familiarity, attracting customers in a market in which we do not have significant experience or visibility, maintaining standardized systems and procedures, adapting our marketing strategy and operations to new markets in India in which different languages are spoken, higher technology costs, upgrading, expanding and securing our technology platform in such Banking Outlets, operational risks including integration of internal controls and procedures, compliance with KYC, AML and other regulatory norms, ensuring customer satisfaction, recruiting, training and retaining skilled personnel, failure to manage third-party service providers in relation to any outsourced services and difficulties in the integration of new Banking Outlets with our existing Banking Outlets network. Further, as we are required to establish at least 25.00% of our total Banking Outlets in unbanked rural areas, we may be compelled to enter into markets that may not be profitable or strategically aligned with our business operations. To address these challenges, we may have to make significant investments that may not yield desired results or incur costs that we may not be able to recover. If we are unable to implement such growth strategies, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows will be adversely affected. 

**_26. We have in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus included certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other selected statistical information related to our operations and financial performance. These non-GAAP measures and statistical information may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across the financial services industry, and therefore may not be comparable with financial or statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other financial services companies._** 

Certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other statistical information, such as Yield, Spread and Net Interest Margin, relating to our operations and financial performance have been included in this section and elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “ _Selected Statistical Information_ ” on page 184. We compute and disclose such nonGAAP financial measures and such other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance as we consider such information to be useful measures of our business and financial performance, and because such measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and others to evaluate the operational performance of financial services businesses, many of which provide such non-GAAP financial measures and other statistical and operational information when reporting their financial results. Such non-GAAP measures are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by generally accepted accounting principles. These non-GAAP financial measures and other statistical and other information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to financial measures and statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other financial services companies. 

**_27. Our risk management measures may not be fully effective in mitigating our risks in all market environments or against all types of risks, which may adversely affect our business and financial performance._** 

Our risk management functions are divided on the basis of key risks typically faced by banks i.e., credit risk, market risk and asset liability mismatches, operational risk, cyber security and technology risk. Our risk management governance framework comprises a Risk Management Committee of our Board and management sub committees for management of credit risk, cyber security, technology risks, asset liability management and operational risk, however, we may not be able to effectively mitigate all our risk exposures. While we have risk management policies and procedures, our policies and procedures to identify, assess, monitor and manage risks may not be fully effective. Some of our methods of assessing and managing risks are based on the use of observed historical market behavior. As a result, these methods may not accurately predict future risk exposures which could be significantly greater than those indicated by the historical measures. Management of operations, legal and regulatory risks requires, among other things, policies and procedures to properly record and verify a large number of transactions and events, and these policies and procedures may not be fully effective. As we seek to expand the scope of our operations, we also 

38 

face the risk that we may not be able to develop risk management policies and procedures that are properly designed for new business areas or to manage the risks associated with the growth of our existing businesses effectively. Implementation and monitoring may prove particularly challenging with respect to businesses that we plan on developing. An inability to develop and implement effective risk management policies may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We are exposed to operational risks arising from inadequacy or failure of internal processes or systems, and our actions may not be sufficient to result in an effective internal control environment. Given our high volume of transactions and changing technology and payments landscape, errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and rectified. Our management information systems and internal control procedures that are designed to monitor our operations and overall compliance may not be able to identify non-compliance or suspicious transactions in a timely manner, or at all. Where internal control weaknesses are identified, our actions may not be sufficient to fully correct such internal control weaknesses. In addition, certain processes are carried out manually, which may increase the risk that human error, tampering, frauds or manipulation will result in losses that may be difficult to detect. As a result, we may suffer monetary losses, which may not be covered by our insurance policies. Any failure or material weakness in our risk management architecture could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

**_28. We may not be able to detect money-laundering and other illegal or improper activities in a comprehensive manner or on a timely basis, which could expose us to additional liability and harm our business or reputation._** 

We are required to comply with applicable know-your-customer, anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism laws and other regulations in India. These laws and regulations require us to adopt certain measures, including, to adopt and enforce “knowyour-customer/ anti-money laundering/ combating financing of terrorism” ( **“KYC/AML/CFT”** ) policies and procedures and to report suspicious and large transactions to the applicable regulatory authorities. We are also required to undertake constant review and assessment of existing control processes and programs to meet the increased regulatory expectation. We face significant challenges with system upgradation to meet the requirements of such regulatory developments. While we have adopted policies and procedures for KYC/ AML/ CFT, such policies and procedures may not eliminate instances where we may be used by other parties to engage in money-laundering and other illegal or improper activities. In addition, there may be inconsistencies in the manner in which specific operational and KYC/AML/CFT policies are actually interpreted and implemented at an operational level in each of the Banking Outlets and other customer interface levels. Our business and reputation could suffer if any such parties use our banking channels for money-laundering or illegal or improper purposes. 

While we intend to continue to strengthen our KYC/AML/CFT policies and procedures, to the extent we fail to fully comply with applicable laws and regulations, the relevant governmental and regulatory agencies may impose fines and other penalties. In addition, any adverse action taken by such agencies could adversely affect our reputation, thereby affecting our business and future financial performance. 

**_29. We are required to comply with certain restrictive covenants under our financing agreements. Any non-compliance may lead to, amongst others, accelerated repayment schedule and suspension of further drawdowns, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Some of the financing arrangements entered into by us include conditions that require our Bank to obtain respective lenders’ consent prior to carrying out certain activities and entering into certain transactions. Failure to meet these conditions or obtain these consents could have significant consequences on our business and operations. These covenants vary depending on the requirements of the financial institution extending such loan and the conditions negotiated under each financing agreement. Some of the corporate actions that require prior consents from certain lenders include, amongst others, changes to the capital structure of the Bank, reduction in the authorised share capital of the Bank and changes in the MoA and AoA of the Bank. Further, under certain financing agreements, we are required to maintain specific credit ratings, certain financial ratios and ensure compliance with regulatory requirements such as maintenance of capital adequacy ratios, creation of reserve fund as required under Section 45 – IC of the RBI Act. Failure to comply with such covenants may restrict or delay certain actions or initiatives that we may propose to take from time to time. Some of our lenders are also entitled to appoint directors on the Board of our Bank. 

In addition, we also have unsecured loans which may be recalled at any time at the option of such lenders. Certain of our secured loans may also permit the lenders to recall the loan on demand. Such recalls on borrowed amounts may be contingent upon happening of an event beyond our control and there can be no assurance that we will be able to persuade our lenders to give us extensions or to refrain from exercising such recalls which may adversely affect our operations and cash flows. 

A failure to observe the covenants under our financing arrangements or to obtain necessary waivers may lead to the termination of our credit facilities, acceleration of amounts due under such facilities and suspension of further access/ withdrawals, either in whole or in part, for the use of the facility. Pursuant to clauses in certain financing agreements, any defaults under such facilities may also trigger cross default or cross acceleration provisions under our other financing agreements. If the obligations under any of our financing documents are accelerated, we may have to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to make payments under such financing documents, thereby reducing the availability of cash for our working capital requirements and other general corporate purposes. In addition, during any period in which we are in default, we may be unable to raise, or 

39 

face difficulties raising, further financing. 

# **_30. The Indian banking industry is very competitive and our growth strategy depends on our ability to compete effectively._** 

We have a limited operating history as an SFB and the success of our banking operations depends on a number of factors, including the demand for our services and our ability to compete with other banks and financial institutions effectively. The banking and financing sector in India is highly competitive and we face competition in all our principal areas of business. We face our most significant organized competition from other SFBs, NBFCs, microfinance institutions and cooperative banks which have significant presence in rural areas, public sector banks, private sector banks, housing finance companies and other financial services companies in India. In addition, many of our potential customers in economically weaker segments do not have access to any form of organized institutional lending, and rely on loans from informal sources, especially moneylenders, landlords, local shopkeepers and traders, at higher interest rates. In the organized sector, our competitors may have a better brand recognition, greater business experience, more diversified operations, greater customer and depositor base, wider network of branches and better access to, and lower costs of funding than we do. Further, the RBI has issued Guidelines for On-Tap Licensing of SFBs in the Private Sector on December 5, 2019, which permits applicants to apply for SFB license to the RBI at any time, subject to fulfilment of certain eligibility criteria and other conditions. We anticipate that this will increase competition for us. Our inability to compete effectively may adversely affect our business, results of operations financial condition and cash flows. 

Due to competitive pressures, we may be unable to successfully execute our growth strategy and offer products and services at reasonable returns and this may adversely impact our business, future financial performance and the trading price of the Equity Shares. See “ _Our Business – Competition_ ” on page 137. 

**_31. Negative cash flows from operating activities in the future could adversely affect our cash flow requirements, our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans, thereby affecting our financial performance._** 

We have in the past, and may in future, experience negative cash flows from operating activities. The following table sets forth certain information relating to our cash flows from operating activities for the periods indicated: 

||**Fiscal**|||**Six**<br>**months**|**Six**<br>**months**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**2017**<sup>**#**</sup>|**2018**|**2019**<br>**(₹million)**|**ended**<br>**September**<br>**30,**<br>**2018**|**ended**<br>**September**<br>**30,**<br>**2019**|
|Net cash (used in)/ generated from<br>operatingactivities|13,468.61|2,105.14|18,033.66|7,082.62|(1,655.83)|



# _The Restated Financial Information for Fiscal 2017 represents operations of the Erstwhile NBFC from April 1, 2016 to September 4, 2016 and of the Bank’s operations from September 5, 2016 to March 31, 2017. Accordingly, the financial and statistical data for Fiscal 2017 is not comparable with information for Fiscal 2018 and 2019._ 

Negative cash flows over extended periods, or significant negative cash flows in the short term, could materially impact our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans. As a result, our cash flows, business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. For further information, see “ _Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on page 300. 

**_32. Our inability to grow our CASA deposits and CASA ratio may result in higher cost of deposits and impact our financial condition and cash flows._** 

As of March 31, 2019 and September 30, 2019, our CASA ratio was at 25.25% and 22.43%, respectively. We may not be able to grow our CASA deposits and CASA ratio owing to the increased competition from other banks and lending institutions. In order to attract retail customers and increase our CASA deposits, we intend to introduce new products and promote our products through marketing campaigns. The interest rates that we must pay to attract customer deposits are determined by numerous factors such as the prevailing interest rate structure, competitive landscape, Indian monetary policy and inflation. However, there is no assurance that we will be successful in growing our CASA base. If we fail to grow our CASA ratio, our financial condition and cash flows may be materially and adversely affected. 

**_33. You will not, without prior RBI approval, be able to acquire Equity Shares if such acquisition would result in an individual or group holding 5% or more of our share capital or voting rights; you may not be able to exercise voting rights in excess of 26% of the total voting rights of our Bank._** 

The Banking Regulation Act, read with the SFB Licensing Guidelines, requires any person to obtain prior approval of the RBI, to acquire or agree to acquire shares or voting rights of a bank, either directly or indirectly, beneficial or otherwise, by himself or acting in concert with other persons, wherein such acquisition (taken together with shares or voting rights held by him or his relative or associate enterprise or persons acting in concert with him) results in the aggregate shareholding of such persons to be 5% or more of the paid-up share capital of a bank or entitles him to exercise 5% or more of the voting rights in a bank. Further, as per the Banking Regulation Act read with gazette notification no. DBR.PSBD.No.1084/16.13.100/2016-17 dated 

40 

July 21, 2016, no shareholder in a bank can exercise voting rights on poll in excess of 26% of total voting rights of all the shareholders of the bank. 

An approval may be granted by the RBI if it is satisfied that the applicant meets the fit and proper criteria laid down by the RBI. The RBI may require the proposed acquirer to seek further RBI approval for subsequent acquisitions. Further, the RBI may restrict any person holding more than 5% of our total voting rights from exercising voting rights in excess of 5%, if such person is deemed to be not fit and proper by the RBI. For details, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 138. 

**_34. Our operations depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about customers and counterparties which if inaccurate or materially misleading could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Further, high levels of customer defaults could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our business involves lending money to smaller, relatively low income entrepreneurs and individuals who may not have any credit history and as a result we are more vulnerable to customer default risks including default or delay in repayment of principal or interest on our loans. Some lines of business, such as microfinance and vehicle loans, principally focus on first time users who have limited access to capital through formal banking channels. A significant majority of our customers belong to these segments and may not have any credit history supported by income statements, tax returns, credit card statements, and statements of previous loan exposures or other related documents. They may also have limited formal education, and generally are able to furnish very limited information for us to be able to assess their creditworthiness accurately. In addition, we may not receive updated information regarding any change in the financial condition of our customers or may receive inaccurate or incomplete information. It is therefore, difficult to carry out a formal credit risk analyses on our customers based on financial information. There can be no assurance that our risk management controls will be sufficient or that additional risk management strategies for our customers will not be required. Failure to maintain sufficient credit assessment policies, particularly for individual borrowers, could adversely affect our credit portfolio, which could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

# **_35. We undertake certain fee and commission-based activities and our financial performance may be adversely affected by an inability to generate income from such activities._** 

We have expanded our operations from undertaking banking activities to providing certain fee and commission-based services. Revenue from commission, exchange and brokerage was ₹101.71 million, ₹186.01 million and ₹96.26 million in Fiscal 2018 and 2019 and in the six months ended September 30, 2019, respectively and represented 0.57%, 0.78% and 0.70%, respectively, of our total income, in the same periods. Our fee and commission based activities include distribution of third party insurance, mutual fund products and issuance of FASTags. Further, as part of our growth strategy, we intend to focus on increasing our non-interest income by focusing on bancassurance, micro-insurance, fee and processing charges from loan and advances, and distribution of mutual fund products. New initiatives, products and services entail a number of risks and challenges, including risks relating to execution, the failure to identify new segments, the inability to attract customers and the inability to make competitive offerings. If we are unable to successfully diversify our products and services while managing the related risks and challenges, returns on such products and services may be less than anticipated, which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_36. Our insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover claims. If we incur substantial uninsured loss or loss that exceeds our insurance coverage, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We have obtained insurance to cover certain risks associated with our business. These include electronics equipment insurance, standard fire and special perils policy, fire and burglary policy, cyber risk policy, banker indemnity policy, commercial general liability insurance, and directors’ and officers’ liability policy. We cannot assure you that the existing coverage will insure our Bank completely against all risks and losses that may arise in the future. We may not have insurance to cover all of the risks associated with our business, as insurance coverage is either unavailable for certain risks or is prohibitively expensive. In addition, even if such losses are insured, we may be compelled to contribute a substantial deductible on any claim for recovery of such a loss, or the amount of the loss may exceed our coverage for the loss. In addition, our insurance policies are generally subject to annual renewal, and our ability to renew these policies on similar or otherwise acceptable terms, cannot be assured. If we incur a serious uninsured loss or a loss that significantly exceeds the limits of our insurance policies, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_37. The success of our business operations is dependent on our senior management team and key management personnel as well as our ability to attract, train and retain such employees._** 

The success of our business operations is dependent in part on our ability to retain our senior management team and key managerial personnel. We believe that the inputs and experience of our senior management, in particular, and other key personnel are valuable for the development of our business and operations and the strategic directions taken by our Bank. For further information on our key managerial personnel, see “ _Our Management”_ on page 156. Our ability to sustain our growth depends upon our ability to attract and retain key personnel, developing managerial experience to address emerging business and operating challenges and ensuring a high standard of customer service. We cannot assure you that these individuals or any 

41 

other member of our senior management team will not leave us or join a competitor or that we will be able to retain such personnel or find adequate replacements in a timely manner, or at all. We may require a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when qualified personnel terminate their employment with our Bank. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting employees that our business requires. The loss of the services of such persons may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Additionally, the RBI reserves the right under the Banking Regulation Act to remove managerial persons from office and/ or supersede the Board in order to protect interests of depositors of our Bank. 

Hiring and retaining personnel qualified and experienced in credit-appraisal and asset valuation, is difficult. We may also face attrition of our existing workforce as a result of increased competition or other factors relating to our businesses. If we cannot hire additional qualified personnel or retain them, our ability to expand our business will be impaired and our revenue could decline. We will need to recruit new employees, who will have to be trained and integrated into our operations. We will also have to train existing employees to adhere properly to internal controls and risk management procedures. Failure to train and motivate our employees properly may result in an increase in employee attrition rates, require additional hiring, erode the quality of customer service, divert management resources, increase our exposure to high-risk credit and impose significant costs on us. 

# **_38. RBI may remove any employee, managerial person or may supersede our Board of Directors in certain circumstances._** 

The Banking Regulation Act confers powers on the RBI to remove from office any director, chairman, chief executive officer or other officers or employees of a bank in certain circumstances such as, if the RBI is satisfied that it is in public interest or to prevent the affairs of the Bank being conducted in a manner detrimental to the interests of the depositors. RBI also has the powers to supersede the board of directors of a bank and appoint an administrator to manage the bank for a period of up to 12 months in certain circumstances, and to penalize the management by way of freezing remuneration levels and/ or other measures. The RBI may exercise powers of supersession where it is satisfied, in consultation with the central government that it is in the public interest to do so, to prevent the affairs of any bank from being conducted in a manner that is detrimental to the interest of the depositors, or for securing the proper management of any bank. Should any of the steps as explained herein be taken by RBI, our reputation, business, results of operations, financial conditions and cash flows would be materially and adversely affected. 

**_39. Changes in environmental, tax or other laws may lead to a decline in the sale of vehicles or value of vehicles as a collateral, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects._** 

We are engaged in used and new commercial vehicle financing across various states in India, and as of September 30, 2019, advances to this segment represented 24.71% of our Gross Advances (including IBPC issued) as of such date. Any regulation passed by either the central Government or any of the state Governments, or any orders of judiciary to ban the sale of a particular segment of vehicles or impose additional taxes on any particular segment of vehicles, could lead to a decline in the sales of such vehicles and also in the value of such vehicles held as collateral. For example, the Supreme Court of India imposed a ban on the sale of vehicles not complying with Bharat Emission Standards IV. Such regulatory amendments or orders of the judiciary may lead to a decline in our disbursements and adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. 

**_40. We may face cyber threats attempting to exploit our network to disrupt services to customers and/ or theft of sensitive internal data or customer information, which may cause damage to our reputation and adversely affect our business and financial performance._** 

We offer banking services to our customers through a range of alternate channels, including phone banking, mobile banking and internet banking. Our alternate banking channels include multiple services such as electronic funds transfer, bill payment services, requesting account statements, use of debit cards at ATMs and cash recyclers, and requesting cheque books. Therefore, by providing such services, we are exposed to various cyber threats including (i) phishing and trojans targeting our customers, wherein fraudsters send unsolicited mails to our customers seeking account sensitive information or to infect customer machines to search and attempt exfiltration of account sensitive information; (ii) vishing and skimming at ATMs, wherein a skimming device or a card reader is fraudulently inserted in the machine allowing the fraudster to obtain card details including pin codes of the user, to replicate into a counterfeit copy; (iii) hacking, wherein attackers seek to hack into our website with the primary intention of causing reputational damage to us by disrupting services; and (iv) data theft, wherein cyber criminals may attempt to enter our network with the intention of stealing our data or information. In addition, we also face the risk of our customers incorrectly blaming us and terminating their accounts with us for any cyber security breaches that may have occurred on their own system or with that of an unrelated third party. Any cyber security breach could also subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny and expose us to civil litigation and related financial liability. While we have implemented operational controls to prevent and detect such threats, there can be no assurance that cyber threats will not impact our operations in the future. 

Further, while we have established a geographically remote disaster recovery site to support critical applications, our disaster recovery site may also fail or may take considerable time and resources to ensure that the system is fully operational and achieve complete business resumption using an alternate site. In situations where the primary site is completely unavailable, there may be significant disruption to our operations, which would materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, reputation and results of operation. 

42 

# **_41. Weakness or failures of our internal control system may cause significant operational errors, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our business._** 

Banks and financial institutions are generally exposed to many types of operational risks, including the risk of fraud or other misconduct by employees or outsiders, unauthorized transactions by employees and third parties (including violation of regulations for prevention of corrupt practices, and other regulations governing our business activities), or operational errors, including clerical or record keeping errors or errors resulting from faulty computer or telecommunications systems. As our operations are highly decentralized and involve deploying loan officers in various regions, we are particularly vulnerable to risks of loan officers being influenced by various factors, including personal gain. See “ _– Our operations involve handling significant amounts of cash, making us susceptible to operational risks, including fraud, petty theft and embezzlement, which could harm our results of operations and financial position_ ” on page 35. Further, given the high volume of transactions that we handle on a day to day basis, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and successfully rectified. In addition, our dependence on automated systems to record and process transactions may further increase the risk that technical system flaws or employee tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect. 

We also outsource certain functions/ activities to other agencies. We are also, as a result exposed to the risk that such external agencies may be unable to fulfil their contractual obligations to us (or will be subject to the same risk of fraud or operational errors by their respective employees as we are), and to the risk that our (or such agencies) business continuity and data security systems prove not to be sufficiently adequate. We also face the risk that the design of our controls and procedures may prove inadequate, or are circumvented, thereby causing delays in detection or errors in information. We are exposed to operational risks arising from the potential inadequacy or failure of internal processes or systems, and our actions may not be sufficient to guarantee effective internal controls in all circumstances. 

Our management information systems and internal control procedures that are designed to monitor our operations and overall compliance may not identify every instance of non-compliance or every suspicious transaction. If internal control weaknesses are identified, our actions may not be sufficient to fully correct such internal control weakness. In Fiscal 2019, the number of frauds detected were 22, having an aggregate pecuniary implication of ₹24.32 million, while in the six months ended September 30, 2019, the number of frauds detected were 27 having an aggregate pecuniary implication of ₹12.39 million. For further information, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Development_ ” on page 333. 

# **_42. We have certain contingent liabilities that have not been disclosed in our financial statements, which, if they materialize, may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

As of September 30, 2019, we had the following contingent liabilities as per AS 29 – Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets specified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, which have not been provided for: 

||**As of September 30, 2019**|
|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**(₹million)**|
|Claims against the Bank not acknowledged as debts||
|(a)Service tax|8.66|
|(b)Provident Fund<sup>*</sup>|-|
|(c)Income Tax|-|
|(d)Others|13.01|
|Guaranteesgiven on behalf of constituents in India|243.91|
|**Total**|**265.58**|



_Note:_ 

_* There are numerous interpretative issues relating to the Supreme Court (SC) judgement on Provident Fund dated February 28, 2019. We have made a provision on a retrospective basis from the date of inception of the Bank. Accordingly, during the period ended September 30, 2018 and year ended March 31, 2019, based on internal computation, we have provided ₹52.30 million and ₹55.0 million towards provident fund and interest thereon at simple rate of interest in terms of the provisions of section 7Q of The Employees’ Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952. We will update this provision, on receiving further clarity on the subject._ 

For further information on our contingent liabilities as per AS 29 – Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets, specified under Section 133 of Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 7 of the Companies(Accounts) Rules, 2014, see “ _Financial Statements – Restated Statement of Contingent Liabilities_ ” on page 244. If the aforementioned contingent liabilities materialize, our profitability and cash flows may be adversely affected. 

# **_43. Our operations could be adversely affected by strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees or any other kind of disputes with our employees._** 

As of September 30, 2019, we had 15,589 employees. Although we have not experienced any material labour unrest until the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, we cannot assure you that we will not experience disruptions in work due to disputes or other problems with our work force in the future. Any labour unrest directed against us could prevent or hinder our normal operating activities, and, if not resolved in a timely manner, could lead to disruptions in our operations. These actions are impossible for us to predict or control and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and 

43 

cash flows. Further, recently, the Supreme Court changed the method of calculating the contribution towards provident fund of an employee which is expected to result in greater provident fund deductions and lower take home salary for employees as well as an increase in employer’s share of contributions towards provident fund to the employees’ account. This change in method of computation may expose us to greater scrutiny, inspections and potential penalties for non-payment of contributions on allowances. While we believe that the relationship with our employees has generally been good, there can be no assurance that we will continue to have such a relationship in the future, and that there will not be significant strikes or disputes with employees that could affect our operations in future. 

**_44. We have not paid dividend in the past on our Equity Shares. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon applicable regulations, future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and lender consents and there can be no assurance that we will be able to pay dividends in the future._** 

We have not paid any dividends on our Equity Shares since commencing our banking operations. The Board pursuant to a resolution dated May 4, 2017 recommended a dividend payment up to 35% of the net profits of the Bank for Fiscal 2017 (translating to a dividend of ₹0.36 per Equity Share). However, the resolution was withdrawn with the unanimous consent of the Shareholders, in the absence of RBI approval on or prior to the date of the AGM, i.e., June 23, 2017. The amount of our future dividend payments, if any, will be at the discretion of the Board and guidelines as may be prescribed by the RBI from time to time (including RBI circular DBOD.NO.BP.BC. 88 / 21.02.067 / 2004-05 dated May 4, 2005) and will depend upon our dividend distribution policy, our future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants in our financing arrangements. There can be no assurance that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. For further information on our dividend policy, see _“Dividend Policy_ ” on page 183. 

# **_45. Any downgrade of our credit ratings could adversely affect our business._** 

Our debt is rated by various agencies, including by CRISIL Limited. Our Certificate of Deposit (CD) programme has been rated CRISIL A1+; our long-term borrowings and non-convertible debentures/ subordinated debt have been rated CRISIL A/ Positive. Any downgrade in our credit ratings may increase interest rates for refinancing our outstanding debt, which would increase our financing costs, and adversely affect our future issuances of debt and our ability to raise new capital on a competitive basis, which may adversely affect our profitability and future growth. There can be no assurance that these ratings will not be further revised or changed by the above rating agencies which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_46. Our Promoter is a listed entity with no identifiable promoter and a widely distributed investor base. The Bank’s operations almost entirely determine the assets and liabilities, revenues and profitability of the Promoter. There may be differences in the trading price of our Bank’s Equity Shares and the equity shares of our Promoter._** 

Our Promoter is a listed entity with no identifiable promoter with its own widely distributed investor base. Our operations almost entirely determine the assets and liabilities, revenues and profitability of the Promoter. However, we cannot assure you that the interest of our Promoter will not conflict with ours. Any present and future conflicts with our Promoter could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations. Our trading price may differ from the trading price of the equity shares of our Promoter, and investors should not rely on the trading price of the equity shares of our Promoter. 

# **_47. Any future hedging strategies may not be successful in preventing all risk of losses._** 

We are currently not permitted to invest in certain financial instruments. In the future, should the guidelines applicable to SFBs be modified, we may utilize a variety of financial instruments for hedging different financial risks including undertaking the use of interest rate futures and derivatives for proprietary hedging. While we may enter into such transactions to seek to reduce interest rate risks, or the risks posed by the occurrence of certain other events, unanticipated changes in interest rates or the nonoccurrence of other events being hedged may result in our poorer overall performance than if we had not engaged in any such hedging transaction. 

# **_48. Certain of our Key Managerial Personnel have interests in us other than reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration or benefits._** 

Certain of our Key Managerial Personnel may be regarded as having an interest in our Bank other than reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration or benefits. Certain Key Managerial Personnel may be deemed to be interested to the extent of their shareholding in our Bank (as a nominee of our Promoter). We cannot assure you that our Key Managerial Personnel will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Bank. For further information, see “ _Capital Structure_ ”, “ _Our Management_ ” and “ _Our Promoter and Promoter Group – Interests of our Promoter_ ” on pages 67, 156 and 177, respectively. 

**_49. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest._** 

44 

We have entered into various transactions with related parties, including provision of staff loans, reimbursement of expenses and remuneration to key managerial personnel. While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis and contain commercially reasonable terms, we cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favorable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. It is likely that we may enter into related party transactions in the future. Although going forward, all related party transactions that we may enter into, will be subject to board or shareholder approval, as necessary under the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI Listing Regulations, we cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations or that we could not have achieved more favorable terms if such transactions had not been entered into with related parties. Such related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. For further information, see “ _Other Financial Information – Related Party Transactions”_ on page 299. 

# **_50. We have issued Equity Shares at a price that may be lower than the Offer Price in the last 12 months._** 

We have issued Equity Shares at a price in last 12 months at a price lower than the Offer Price as below: 

|**Date of**<br>**allotment**|**Number of**<br>**Equity Shares**<br>**allotted**|**Face value per**<br>**Equity Share**<br>**(₹) **|**Issue price**<br>**per Equity**<br>**Share**<br>**(₹)**|**Nature of**<br>**consideration**|**Allottees**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|December<br>11,<br>2019|47,458,239|10|52.68|Cash|For information in relation to the<br>allottees, see “-_Notes to Capital_<br>_Structure – Share Capital History of_<br>_our Bank – Equity Share capital”_on<br>page 67|



For further information, see _“Capital Structure”_ on page 67.  The Offer Price is not indicative of the price that will prevail in the open market following listing of the Equity Shares. 

# **_51. Our business is subject to seasonality, which may contribute to fluctuations in our results of operations and financial condition._** 

We experience seasonality in our business. Generally, the period from October to March is the peak period in India for retail economic activity. We generally experience higher volumes of business during this period. Any economic slowdowns during this peak season would materially and adversely affect our results of operations and growth. During these periods, we may continue to incur operating expenses, but our income from operations may be delayed or reduced. Accordingly, our results of operations in one quarter may not accurately reflect the trends for the entire financial year and may not be comparable with our results of operations for other quarters. 

# **_52. Our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of Net Proceeds have not been appraised and our management will have broad discretion over the use of the Net Proceeds._** 

We propose to use the Net Proceeds to augment our Bank’s tier I capital base to meet our Bank’s future capital requirements such as organic growth and expansion and to comply with regulatory requirements for enhanced capital base . Our proposed deployment of Net Proceeds has not been appraised and it is based on management estimates. Under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, our Bank is not required to appoint a monitoring agency for the Offer and deployment of the Fresh Issue proceeds will be entirely at the discretion of the Bank. Our management will therefore have broad discretion to use the Net Proceeds. 

Various risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in this section, may limit or delay our efforts to use the Net Proceeds to achieve profitable growth in our business. For example, our organic growth and expansion plans could be delayed due to failure to receive regulatory approvals, technical difficulties, human resource, technological or other resource constraints, or for other unforeseen reasons, events or circumstances. Accordingly, use of the Net Proceeds to meet our future capital requirements, fund our growth and for other purposes identified by our management may not result in actual growth of our business, increased profitability or an increase in the value of our business and your investment. 

# **_53. Any non-compliance with law or unsatisfactory service by the third-party service providers engaged by us for certain services could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations._** 

We enter into outsourcing arrangements with third party vendors and independent contractors, in compliance with the RBI guidelines on outsourcing. These vendors and contractors provide services that include, among others, ATM/ debit card related services, business correspondents, facility management services related to information technology, and software services. We are also dependent on various vendors for certain elements of our operations including implementing IT infrastructure and hardware, Banking Outlets roll-outs, networking, managing our data centre, and back-up support for disaster recovery. As a result of outsourcing such services, we are exposed to various risks including strategic, compliance, operational, fraud, theft, embezzlement, legal and contractual risks. Any failure by a service provider to provide a specified service or a breach in security/ confidentiality or non-compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, may result in financial loss or loss of reputation. There can be no assurance that there will be no disruptions in the provision of such services or that these third parties 

45 

will adhere to their contractual obligation. If there is a disruption in the third-party services, or if the third-party service providers discontinue their service agreement with us, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected. We cannot assure you that the terms of such agreements will not be breached, and in case of any dispute, it may result in litigation costs. Such additional cost, in addition to the cost of entering into agreements with third parties in the same industry, may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The “Guidelines on Managing Risks and Code of Conduct in Outsourcing of Financial Services by Bank” issued by the RBI places obligations on banks, its directors and senior management for ultimate responsibility for the outsourced activity. Banks are required to ensure outsourced service providers obtain prior approval for the use of subcontractors. The RBI has also directed banks to review the subcontracting arrangements and ensure that such arrangements are compliant with aforementioned RBI guidelines. Legal risks, including actions being undertaken by the RBI, if our third-party service providers act unethically or unlawfully, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_54. We will continue to be controlled by our Promoter immediately after the completion of the Offer._** 

As of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoter along with its nominees holds 95.49% of the issued, subscribed and paid-up Equity Share capital of our Bank. Upon completion of the Offer, our Promoter (by itself and along with its nominees) will hold [●]% of our Equity Share capital, and public shareholders will hold [●]% of our Equity Share capital. As per applicable law, our Promoter’s voting rights in the Bank will be capped to 26% of the total voting rights of the Bank (i.e., the maximum voting rights permitted to be exercised by any shareholder in a banking company) and the public shareholders will in the aggregate be entitled to exercise [●]% of the voting rights in Bank subject to applicable law. For further information, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” and _“Key Regulations and Policies_ ” on pages 67 and 138, respectively. Our Promoter will therefore, be able to control the outcome of matters submitted to our Board or Shareholders for approval. After the Offer, our Promoter will continue to exercise significant control or influence over our business and major policy decisions. Accordingly, the interests of our Promoter in capacity of Shareholders of our Bank may conflict with your interests and the interest of other shareholders of our Bank. 

**_55. Industry information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from an industry report commissioned by our Bank for such purpose. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical, financial and other industry information is either complete, reliable or accurate._** 

We have commissioned the services of an independent third party research agency, CRISIL Limited, to prepare an industry report titled “ _Analysis of Small Finance Banks and Various Loan Products_ ” dated November 2019, for purposes of inclusion of such information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. This report is subject to various limitations and based upon certain assumptions that are subjective in nature. We have not independently verified data from this industry report and do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the report. While we have taken reasonable care in the reproduction of the information, the information has not been prepared or independently verified by us, or the BRLMs or any of our or their respective affiliates or advisors or any other person connected with the Offer and, therefore, neither we nor any of the BRLMs or any of our or their respective affiliates or advisors make any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of such facts and statistics. Due to possibly flawed or ineffective collection methods or discrepancies between published information and market practice and other problems, the information in such report may be inaccurate or may not be comparable to statistics produced for other economies and should not be unduly relied upon. Further, there is no assurance that they are stated or compiled on the same basis or with the same degree of accuracy as may be the case elsewhere. Statements from third parties that involve estimates are subject to change, and actual amounts may differ materially from those included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_56. Our customers may engage in certain transactions in or with countries or persons that are subject to international economic sanctions._** 

Various international jurisdictions, including the United States and the United Kingdom, restrict investments or otherwise doing business in or with certain countries or territories and with certain persons or businesses that have been specially designated by such government agencies. Other governments and international or regional organizations also administer similar economic sanctions. 

Although we believe we have compliance systems in place that are sufficient to block prohibited transactions, and we have not been notified that any penalties or other measures will be imposed on us, there can be no assurance that will be able to fully monitor all of our transactions for any potential violation. 

There can be no assurance that our future business will be free of risk under sanctions implemented by these jurisdictions or that we will be able to conform our business operations to the expectations and requirements of such international regulatory agencies that do not have jurisdiction over our business but nevertheless assert the right to impose sanctions on an extraterritorial basis. Further, investors in the Equity Shares could incur reputational or other risks as a result of our or our customers’ dealings in or with sanctioned countries or with persons that are the subject of such sanctions. 

**_57. The trading in our non-convertible debentures may be infrequent, limited or sporadic, which may affect our ability to raise debt financing in future._** 

46 

Our non-convertible debentures are listed on the debt segment of BSE. Trading in our debt securities has been limited and we cannot assure you that the debt securities will be frequently traded on BSE or that there would be any market for our debt securities. Further, we cannot predict if and to what extent a secondary market may develop for the debt securities or at what price such debt securities will trade in the secondary market or whether such market will be liquid or illiquid. 

# **External Risk Factors** 

**_58. Any deterioration in the general economic conditions in India and globally could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our performance and the growth of our business are dependent on the health of the Indian economy. Any slowdown in the Indian economy or future volatility in global markets could increase in our borrowing costs, result in freeze in lending generally, thereby adversely affecting our business. Additionally, an increase in trade deficit, a downgrading in India’s sovereign debt rating or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively affect interest rates and liquidity, which could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business. Any downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India could also adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

India’s economy could be adversely affected by a general rise in interest rates, adverse weather conditions affecting agriculture, commodity and energy prices as well as various other factors. A slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect the policy of the Government of India towards our banking and finance industry, which may in turn adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to implement our business strategy. 

The Indian economy is also influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market conditions in Asia. A loss of investor confidence in other emerging market economies or any worldwide financial instability may adversely affect the Indian economy, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

**_59. If there is any change in tax laws or regulations, or their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect our financial statements for the current and future years._** 

Any change in Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. For instance, the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Ordinance, 2019, a new tax ordinance issued by India’s Ministry of Finance on September 20, 2019, prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. According to this new ordinance, companies can henceforth voluntarily opt in favor of a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which would ultimately reduce the effective tax rate for Indian companies from 34.94% to approximately 25.17%. Any such future amendments may also affect our other benefits such as exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemption for interest received in respect of tax free bonds, and long-term capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. 

In addition, we are subject to tax related inquiries and claims. We may be particularly affected by claims from tax authorities on account of income tax assessment and GST that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into one unified rate of interest with effect from July 1, 2017. We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. 

Further, the Government of India announced the interim union budget for Fiscal 2020, and the Finance Act, 2019 (the “ **Finance Act** ”), which introduced various amendments. The Finance Act stipulates the sale, transfer and issue of securities through exchanges, depositories or otherwise to be charged with stamp duty. The Finance Act has also clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. 

The Government of India has also announced the union budget for Fiscal 2020, pursuant to which the Finance Act, 2019 has introduced various amendments. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2019 may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be 

47 

time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

# **_60. A significant change in the Government of India’s economic liberalization and deregulation policies could adversely affect our business and the price of our Equity Shares._** 

A large part of our business and customers are located in India or are related to and influenced by the Indian economy. The Government of India has traditionally exercised, and continues to exercise, a dominant influence over many aspects of the economy. Unfavourable government policies could adversely affect business and economic conditions in India, and could also affect our ability to implement our strategy and our future financial performance. Since 1991, successive governments have pursued policies of economic liberalization, including significantly relaxing restrictions on the private sector and encouraging the development of the Indian financial sector. However, the members of the Government of India and the composition of any coalition in power are subject to change. As a result, it is difficult to predict the economic policies that will be pursued by the Government of India. The rate of economic liberalization could change and specific laws and policies affecting the financial services industry, foreign investment, currency exchange and other matters affecting investment in our securities could change as well. Any significant change in India's economic liberalization and deregulation policies could adversely affect business and economic conditions in India generally and our business in particular. 

**_61. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties may materially adversely affect our business and financial performance._** 

Our business and financial performance could be materially adversely affected by changes in the laws, rules, regulations or directions applicable to us, or the interpretations of such existing laws, rules and regulations, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations. Banks in India are subject to detailed supervision and regulation by the RBI. In addition, banks are generally subject to changes in Indian law, as well as to changes in regulations, government policies and accounting principles. There can be no assurance that the Government of India may not implement new regulations and policies which will require us to obtain approvals and licenses from regulatory bodies or impose onerous requirements, conditions, costs and expenditures on our operations. Any such changes and the related uncertainties with respect to the implementation of the new regulations may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, we may have to incur capital expenditures to comply with the requirements of any new regulations, which may also materially harm our results of operations. 

# **_62. Financial difficulty and other problems in certain financial and other non-banking financial institutions in India could materially adversely affect our business and the price of our Equity Shares._** 

We are exposed to the risks of the Indian financial system. The financial difficulties faced by certain Indian financial and nonbanking financial institutions could materially adversely affect our business because the commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships. Such “systemic risk”, may materially adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, banks, NBFCs, securities firms and exchanges with which we interact on a daily basis. Any such difficulties or instability of the Indian financial system in general could create an adverse market perception about Indian financial institutions and banks and materially adversely affect our business. Our transactions with these financial institutions and other non-banking financial institutions expose us to various risks in the event of default by a counterparty, which can be exacerbated during periods of market illiquidity. 

# **_63. Significant differences exist between Indian GAAP and other accounting principles, such as Ind AS, U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which investors may be more familiar with and may consider material to their assessment of our financial condition._** 

Our historical financial statements are prepared and presented in conformity with Indian GAAP. No attempt has been made to reconcile any of the information given in this document to any other principles or to base it on any other standards. Indian GAAP differs in certain significant respects from Ind AS, IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. If our financial statements were to be prepared in accordance with such other accounting principles, our results of operations, cash flows and financial position may be substantially different. Prospective investors should review the accounting policies applied in the preparation of our financial statements, and consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between these accounting principles and those with which they may be more familiar. 

# **_64. India's existing credit information infrastructure may cause increased risks of loan defaults_** 

All of our business is located in India. India's existing credit information infrastructure may pose problems and difficulties in running a robust credit check on our borrowers. We may also face difficulties in the due diligence process relating to our clients or to any security or collateral we take in relation to our loans. We may not be able to run comprehensive searches relating to the security and there are no assurances that any searches we undertake will be accurate or reliable. Hence, our overall credit analysis could be less robust as compared to similar transactions in more developed economies. Any inability to undertake a comprehensive due diligence or credit check might result in an increase in our NPAs and we may have to increase our provisions 

48 

correspondingly. Any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_65. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our services at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our customers and our profits might decline._** 

Inflation rates could be volatile and we may face high inflation in the future as India had witnessed in the past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of transportation, salaries, and other expenses relevant to our business. Further, high inflation leading to higher interest rates may also lead to a slowdown in the economy and adversely impact credit growth. Consequently, we may also be affected and fall short of business growth and profitability. 

High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our operating expenses, which we may not be able to pass on to our customers, whether entirely or in part, and the same may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or pass the increase in costs on to our customers. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

While the Government of India has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect, and there can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not rise in the future. 

# **_66. Financial instability, economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries may also cause the price of the Equity Shares to decline._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging Asian market countries. In recent times, the Indian financial markets had been negatively affected by the volatility in the global financial market, including on account of certain European nations’ debt troubles, move to break away by the United Kingdom from the European Union and recent trade wars. Although, economic conditions are different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. Currencies of a few Asian countries have in the past suffered depreciation against the U.S. Dollar owing to various factors. A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy. Financial disruptions may occur and could harm our business, future financial performance and the prices of the Equity Shares. 

The global credit and equity markets have experienced substantial dislocations, liquidity disruptions and market corrections in recent years. Liquidity and credit concerns and volatility in the global credit and financial markets have increased significantly with the bankruptcy or acquisition of, and government assistance extended to, several major U.S. and European financial institutions. These and other related events have had a significant impact on the global credit and financial markets as a whole, including reduced liquidity, greater volatility, widening of credit spreads and a lack of price transparency in global credit and financial markets. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, have implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. 

However, the overall impact of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. In the event that the current difficult conditions in the global credit markets continue or if there is any significant financial disruption, such conditions could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_67. Our ability to raise borrowings in foreign currencies may be constrained by Indian law._** 

Indian banks and companies are subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies, including those specified under FEMA. Such regulatory restrictions limit our financing sources and hence could constrain our ability to obtain financing on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, we cannot assure you that any required approvals for borrowing in foreign currency will be granted to us without onerous conditions, or at all. Such, and other, limitations on raising foreign capital may adversely affect our business growth, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

# **_68. Any adverse change in India's credit rating by an international rating agency could materially adversely affect our business and profitability._** 

India’s sovereign rating is Baa2 with a “negative” outlook (Moody’s), BBB-with a “stable” outlook (S&P) and BBB- with a “stable” outlook (Fitch). India’s sovereign rating could be downgraded due to various factors, including changes in tax or fiscal policy or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves, which are outside the Bank’s control. Any adverse change in India’s credit ratings by international rating agencies may adversely impact the Indian economy and consequently our ability to raise additional financing, and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing is available. This 

49 

could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance, ability to obtain financing for capital expenditures and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_69. A third party could be prevented from acquiring control over us because of the anti-takeover provisions under Indian law and the provisions of the Banking Regulation Act._** 

There are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Bank. These provisions may discourage or prevent certain types of transactions involving actual or threatened change in control of us. Under the Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Bank. Further, given that our Bank is governed by the RBI, any significant change in shareholding would require the prior approval of the RBI and there are limitations on voting rights in a banking company. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Bank would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to our Shareholders, such a takeover may not be attempted or consummated because of the regulatory framework applicable to us. 

# **_70. It may not be possible for investors to enforce any judgment obtained outside India against us, our Directors, the Book Running Lead Managers or any of their directors and executive officers in India respectively, except by way of a law suit in India._** 

We are an SFB incorporated under the laws of India. Our Bank’s assets are located in India and all of our Bank’s Directors and Key Managerial Personnel are residents of India. The enforcement of civil liabilities by overseas investors in the Equity Shares, including the ability to effect service of process and to enforce judgments obtained in courts outside of India may be adversely affected by the fact that the Bank is incorporated under the laws of the Republic of India and all of its executive officers and directors reside in India. As a result, it may be difficult to enforce the service of process upon the Bank and any of these persons outside of India or to enforce outside of India, judgments obtained against the Bank and these persons in courts outside of India. 

India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13, 14 and Section 44A of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 (“ **Civil Code** ”) on a statutory basis. Section 44A of the Civil Code provides that where a certified copy of a decree of any superior court, within the meaning of that Section, obtained in any country or territory outside India which the government has by notification declared to be in a reciprocating territory, may be enforced in India by proceedings in execution as if the judgment had been rendered by a district court in India. However, Section 44A of the Civil Code is applicable only to monetary decrees and does not apply to decrees for amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalties and does not apply to arbitration awards (even if such awards are enforceable as a decree or judgment). 

The United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong have been declared by the government to be reciprocating territories for the purposes of Section 44A of the Civil Code. The United States has not been declared by the Government of India to be a reciprocating territory for the purposes of Section 44A of the Civil Code. A judgment of a court of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit upon the judgment under Section 13 of the Civil Code, and not by proceedings in execution. Section 13 of the Civil Code provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated upon except: (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction; (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case; (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable; (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice; (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud; and/ or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. The suit must be brought in India within three years from the date of judgment in the same manner as any other suit filed to enforce a civil liability in India. 

Further, there are considerable delays in the disposal of suits by Indian courts. It may be unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Furthermore, it may be unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages awarded as excessive or inconsistent with public policy in India. A party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval from the RBI under FEMA to repatriate any amount recovered pursuant to execution and any such amount may be subject to income tax in accordance with applicable laws. Any judgment or award in a foreign currency would be converted into Indian Rupees on the date of the judgment or award and not on the date of the payment. 

**_71. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could also adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, pandemic disease and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war in India or globally may 

50 

adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_72. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a bank in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian bank than as shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

# **Risks Relating to the Equity Shares** 

# **_73. Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they are Allotted in the Offer._** 

Pursuant to the Offer, the Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors' book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited with the Equity Shares within one (1) working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately six Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise any delay in commencing trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to sell their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified herein. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

# **_74. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares preemptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction in which the investors are located in do not permit the investors to exercise their preemptive rights, without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor's benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in us would be reduced. 

# **_75. Any future issuance of Equity Shares may dilute your shareholding and sales of the Equity Shares by our Promoter or other major shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth, whether organic or inorganic, through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering, may lead to the dilution of investors' shareholdings in us. Any future issuances of Equity Shares (including under an employee benefit scheme) or the disposal of Equity Shares by our Promoter or any of our other principal shareholders or any other change in our shareholding structure to comply with the shareholding restrictions under the SFB Licensing Guidelines or the minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India or any public perception regarding such issuance or sales may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of the Equity Shares or incurring debt. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that our existing shareholders including our Promoter will not dispose off further Equity Shares after the completion of the Offer. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of shareholder’s investment in the Equity Shares. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of the Equity Shares. Also see “ _– Our Promoter is required to reduce its shareholding in our Bank to 40% of our paid-up Equity Share capital on or prior to September 4, 2021. As of the date of this DRHP, our Promoter has not approved any specific method to achieve such compliance. However, if and when any method is proposed to be_ 

51 

_undertaken, we cannot assure you that any required consent, approval, waiver or clarification will be received in a timely manner, or at all, to enable the Promoter to reduce its shareholding as required._ ” on page 30. 

# **_76. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws and regulations, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realised on the sale of equity shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold using any other platform other than on a recognised stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, are subject to long term capital gains tax in India. Until March 31, 2018, any gain realised on the sale of equity shares, listed on a stock exchange and held for more than 12 months was not subject to capital gains tax in India if STT was paid on the transaction. However, with the enactment of the Finance Act, 2018 the exemption previously granted in respect of payment of long term capital gains tax has been withdrawn and such taxes are now payable by the investors with effect from April 1, 2018. The Finance Act, 2018 provided that existing investors are eligible for relief on such capital gains accrued until January 31, 2018 and any long term capital gains made after January 31, 2018 shall be subject to taxation. 

Further, any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. In cases where the seller is a non-resident, capital gains arising from the sale of the equity shares will be partially or wholly exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. 

Historically, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the equity shares. 

Our Bank cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect the Bank’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_77. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations which are currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the valuation and reporting requirements specified under applicable law. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and does not fall under any of the exceptions, then prior approval of the relevant regulatory authority is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. Further, this conversion is subject to the shares having been held on a repatriation basis and, either the security having been sold in compliance with the pricing guidelines or, the relevant regulatory approval having been obtained for the sale of shares and corresponding remittance of the sale proceeds. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained with or without any particular terms or conditions. 

For further information, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 379. Our ability to raise any foreign capital under the FDI route is therefore constrained by Indian law, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects. 

**_78. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and may experience price and volume fluctuations following the completion of the Offer. Further, our Equity Shares may not result in an active or liquid market and the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for our Equity Shares will develop or, if developed, does not guarantee the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past, and the trading price of our Equity Shares after this Offer could fluctuate significantly as a result of market volatility, the trading price of the shares of our Promoter or due to various internal or external risks, including but not limited to those described in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

**_79. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if 

52 

required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time taken for such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares outside India, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

**_80. QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after the submission of their Bid, and Retail Individual Bidders are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after closure of the Bid/ Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Bidders can revise their Bids during the Bid/ Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until the Bid/ Offer Closing Date. Therefore, investors would not be able to withdraw or lower their Bids, notwithstanding adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition, or otherwise, between the dates of the submission of their Bids and the Allotment. 

While our Bank is required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within six Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by the SEBI, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Bank may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events may limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

**_81. We will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. The Promoter Selling Shareholder will receive the net proceeds from the Offer for Sale i.e. proceeds from the Offer for Sale net of Offer expenses shared by the Promoter Selling Shareholder._** 

The Offer consists of a Fresh Issue and an Offer for Sale. The Promoter Selling Shareholder shall be entitled to the net proceeds from the Offer for Sale i.e., proceeds from the Offer for Sale net of Offer expenses shared by the Promoter Selling Shareholder and our Bank will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. 

**_82. Compliance with provisions of Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act may affect payments on the Equity Shares._** 

The U.S. “Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act” (or “ **FATCA** ”) imposes a new reporting regime and potentially, imposes a 30% withholding tax on certain “foreign passthru payments” made by certain non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries). 

If payments on the Equity Shares are made by such non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries), this withholding may be imposed on such payments if made to any non-U.S. financial institution (including an intermediary) that is not otherwise exempt from FATCA or other holders who do not provide sufficient identifying information to the payer, to the extent such payments are considered “foreign passthru payments”. Under current guidance, the term “foreign passthru payment” is not defined and it is therefore not clear whether and to what extent payments on the Equity Shares would be considered “foreign passthru payments”. The United States has entered into intergovernmental agreements with many jurisdictions (including India) that modify the FATCA withholding regime described above. It is not yet clear how the intergovernmental agreements between the United States and these jurisdictions will address “foreign passthru payments” and whether such agreements will require us or other financial institutions to withhold or report on payments on the Equity Shares to the extent they are treated as “foreign passthru payments”. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the consequences of FATCA, or any intergovernmental agreement or non-U.S. legislation implementing FATCA, to their investment in Equity Shares. 

**_83. U.S. holders should consider the impact of the passive foreign investment company rules in connection with an investment in our Equity Shares._** 

A foreign corporation will be treated as a passive foreign investment company (“ **PFIC** ”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes for any taxable year in which either: (i) at least 75% of its gross income is “passive income” or (ii) at least 50% of its gross assets during the taxable year (based on of the quarterly values of the assets during a taxable year) are “passive assets,” which generally means that they produce passive income or are held for the production of passive income. 

Our Bank believes it was not a PFIC for fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, and does not expect to be a PFIC for the current year or any future years. However, no assurance can be given that our Bank will or will not be considered a PFIC in the current 

53 

or future years. The determination of whether or not our Bank is a PFIC is a factual determination that is made annually after the end of each taxable year, and there can be no assurance that our Bank will not be considered a PFIC in the current taxable year or any future taxable year because, among other reasons, (i) the composition of our Bank’s income and assets will vary over time, and (ii) the manner of the application of relevant rules is uncertain in several respects. Further, our Bank’s PFIC status may depend on the market price of its Equity Shares, which may fluctuate considerably. 

54 

