# **SECTION II – RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in our Equity Shares involves a certain degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares or the industry in which we operate. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If any of the following risks or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial actually occur, our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could suffer, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results; it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. Prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 119, 101 and 164, respectively of, as well as the financial and other information contained in, this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries. This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further details, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 17._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated or context requires otherwise, the financial information included herein is derived from our Restated Financial Information for Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021 included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Restated Financial Statements” beginning on page 160._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from industry publications and other publicly available information, including, in particular, the report titled “Ceramic Tiles Industry” dated January 11, 2021, as amended prepared and issued by Brickworks Analytics Private Limited. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the report titled “Ceramic Tiles Industry” and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year._ 

_Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of our Company and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in our Equity Shares._ 

# **_Internal Risk Factors_** 

# **_Risks Relating to our Business_** 

**_1. Volatility in the supply and pricing of our raw materials and stores & spares may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

The principal raw materials used in our manufacturing process are feldspar, clay, frit, bentonite, etc. The costs of raw materials consumed and stores and spares consumed for the fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 was 35.37%, 44.90%and 37.97% respectively our total revenue from operations. Further our raw materials purchased for the fiscal 2021, 2020 and2019 was Rs. 737.35 million, Rs. 922.26 million and Rs. 837.60 million respectively which was 28.90%, 38.31% and 34.58% of our total revenue from operations. We majorly source our raw materials requirement and stores & spares locally. Our import of raw-materials and stores (including hi seas purchase) was Rs. 11.50 million, Rs. 44.36 million and Rs. 79.38 million which was 1.30%, 4.24% and 9.03% respectively of our costs of raw materials and stores and spares purchased for the fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019. We do not have long term agreements with any of our raw material or inputs suppliers and we purchase such raw materials and inputs on spot order basis. Our top 10 suppliers for the financial year ended March 31, 2021 have contributed 26.10% and for the financial year ended March 31, 2020, have contributed 35.12% of our total purchases. While we are not significantly dependent 

22 

on any single raw material or inputs supplier, raw material supply and pricing can be volatile due to a number of factors beyond our control, including global demand and supply, general economic and political conditions, transportation and labour costs, labour unrest, natural disasters, competition, import duties, tariffs and currency exchange rates, and there are inherent uncertainties in estimating such variables, regardless of the methodologies and assumptions that we may use. Therefore, we cannot assure you that we will be able to procure adequate supplies of raw materials or stores & spares in the future, as and when we need them on commercially acceptable terms. 

Further, there may be volatility in prices of our raw material and stores & spares and if we are not able to compensate for or pass on our increased costs to customers, such price increases could have a material adverse impact on our result of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Additionally, we may not be able to pass on every instance of increase in input cost and may have to pursue internal cost control measures. 

**_2. The shortage or non-availability of power, fuel and water facilities may adversely affect our vitrified tiles manufacturing process and have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. We are further exposed to fluctuations in the prices of power & fuel and an inability to pass on increased costs may adversely affect our profitability._** 

Our vitrified tiles manufacturing process requires substantial amount of power, fuel and water facilities. The quantum and nature of power and fuel requirements of our industry and Company is such that it cannot be supplemented/ augmented by alternative/ independent sources of power supply since it involves significant capital expenditure and per unit cost of electricity produced is very high. We source the power requirements for our manufacturing facilities mainly from state electricity boards. To battle electricity failures, we also have diesel generator to meet exigencies at our facilities, however, we cannot assure you that our facilities will be operational during power failures. We source our fuel requirements, mainly natural gas, under long term gas supply agreements with various suppliers of natural gas. If fuel supply is not available for any reason, we will need to rely on alternative sources, for example, LPG, Propane etc. which may not be able to consistently meet our requirements. The cost of fuel from the aforementioned alternate sources may however be significantly higher, thereby adversely affecting our cost of production and profitability. Further our manufacturing process also requires substantial amount of water. Water is majorly required in body formation process and glaze preparation. We currently source our water requirement from borewells. We have not made any alternate arrangements for supply of water for our manufacturing facilities. Any disruption / non availability of power, fuel or water or any failure on our part to arrange alternate sources of electricity, fuel and water supply, in a timely manner and at an acceptable cost shall directly affect our production which in turn shall have an impact on operations and results of our Company. 

We are exposed to fluctuations in prices of power and fuel, mainly natural gas. Power and fuel cost accounts for a significant percentage of our cost of operations. For the Fiscals 2021, 2020 and2019, our power and fuel expenses were 29.37%, 28.29%and 21.09% respectively of our total revenue from operations. Although we generally attempt to pass on increases in energy and fuel-related costs to our customers, our ability to do so is dependent upon the rate of increase, competitive pressures and market conditions for our products. There have been in the past, and may be in the future, periods of time during which increases in these costs cannot be recovered. Our inability to pass on any increased costs to the customers, may adversely affect our profitability. 

**_3. Our Company requires significant amounts of working capital for a continued growth. Our inability to meet our working capital requirements may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Further, failure to manage our inventory could have an adverse effect on our net sales, profitability, cash flow and liquidity._** 

Our business requires a significant amount of working capital for smooth functioning. As on March 31, 2021, March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 our inventories and trade receivables form 52.64%, 52.14% and 45.45% of our respective total assets and 93.79%, 94.98% and 94.60% of our respective current assets. We meet our requirement for working capital majorly through banking facilities or internal accruals. In future, our inability, if any to meet our working capital requirements or inability to renew our existing working capital requirements through banking arrangements can adversely impact our business operations and financial position. For further details regarding working capital requirement, please refer to the chapters titled “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” beginning on pages 85 and 164, respectively, of this RHP” 

Our business is working capital intensive. A significant portion of our working capital is utilized towards trade receivables and inventories. Summary of our working capital position is given below:- 

23 

**_<u>Amount (₹ in million)</u>_** 

|**Particulars**||**As at March 31,**||
|---|---|---|---|
||**2021**|**2020**|**2019**|
|**A. Current Assets**||||
|Current Investments||||
|Inventories|1,043.36|1,054.51|794.76|
|Trade Receivables|900.82|963.57|833.62|
|Cash and Bank Balances|53.12|35.40|44.93|
|Short Term Loans & Advances|0.51|0.51|0.43|
|Other Current Assets and Other Financial<br>Assets|75.16|70.70|47.57|
|**B. Current Liabilities**||||
|Trade Payables|508.73|697.20|575.88|
|Other Current Liabilities, Other Financial<br>Liabilities and Current Tax Liabilities(Net)|312.54|283.42|371.72|
|Short Term Provisions|32.91|2.50|22.22|
|**Working Capital (A-B)**|**1,218.79**|**1,141.57**|**751.49**|
|**Inventories as % of total current assets**|**50.33%**|**49.63%**|**46.17%**|
|**Trade receivables as % of total current**<br>**assets**|**43.46%**|**45.35%**|**48.43%**|



We intend to continue growing by expanding our business operations. This may result in increase in the quantum of current assets particularly trade receivables and inventories. The results of operations of our business are dependent on our ability to effectively manage our inventory and stocks. To effectively manage our inventory, we must be able to accurately estimate customer demand and supply requirements and manufacture and trade inventory accordingly. We estimate our sales based on the forecast, demand and requirements and also on the customer specifications. 

Natural disasters such as earthquakes, extreme climatic or weather conditions such as floods or droughts may adversely impact the supply of raw material and local transportation. Should our supply of raw materials be disrupted, we may not be able to procure an alternate source of supply in time to meet the demands of our customers. Such disruption to supply would materially and adversely affect our business, profitability and reputation. In addition, disruptions to the delivery of product to our customer may occur for reasons such as poor handling, transportation bottlenecks, or labour strikes, which could lead to delayed or lost deliveries or damaged products and disrupt supply of these products. To improve our line capability, we try to stock our inventory at our manufacturing facility. An optimal level of inventory is important to our business as it allows us to respond to customer demand effectively. If we over-stock inventory, our capital requirements will increase and we will incur additional financing costs. If we under-stock inventory, our ability to meet customer demand and our operating results may be adversely affected. Any mismatch between our planning and actual consumer consumption could lead to potential excess inventory or out-ofstock situations, either of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 

Our inability to maintain sufficient cash flow, credit facility and other sources of fund, in a timely manner, or at all, to meet the requirement of working capital could adversely affect our financial condition and result of our operations. For further details regarding working capital requirement, please refer to the chapters titled “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation_ ” beginning on page 85and 164 respectively, of this RHP. 

**_4. Our lenders have charge over our movable and immovable properties in respect of finance availed by us. Our inability to meet our obligations under our debt financing arrangements could adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We have provided security in respect of loans / facilities availed by us from banks and financial institutions by creating a charge over our movable and immovable properties. The total amounts outstanding and payable by us as secured loans were Rs. 1426.35 million as on March 31, 2021. For further details, please refer to the chapter titled “Financial Indebtedness” beginning on page 187 and Note 15-Borrowings-Non- 

24 

Current and Note 19- Borrowings – Current on page F-27 and F-29 under the chapter titled “Restated Financial Statements” beginning on page 160 of this RHP. In the event we default in repayment of the loans / facilities availed by us and any interest thereof, our properties may be subject to forfeiture by lenders, which in turn could have significant adverse effect on business, financial condition or results of operations. Our substantial indebtedness could: (i) require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments in respect of our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate expenditures; (ii) increase our vulnerability to adverse general economic or industry conditions; (iii) limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, competition and/or changes in our business or our industry; (iv) limit our ability to borrow additional funds; (v) restrict us from making strategic acquisitions, introducing new products or services or exploiting business opportunities; and (vi) place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to competitors that have less debt or greater financial resources. 

We cannot guarantee that we will be able to generate enough cash flow from operations or that we will be able to obtain enough capital to service our debt or fund our planned capital expenditures. In addition, adverse changes in the business conditions affecting us could cause the amount of refinancing proceeds to be insufficient to meet our interest payments or fully repay any existing debt upon maturity and we may be unable to fund the payment of such shortfalls. If we cannot obtain alternative sources of financing or our costs of borrowings become significantly more expensive, then our financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. 

Moreover, the agreements governing certain of our debt obligations include terms that, in addition to certain financial covenants, restrict our ability to invest any funds by way of deposit, extending loan or advance to or place deposit with other companies, declare or pay any dividend or any other distribution to any of the Shareholders, effect a merger, amalgamation or scheme of arrangement or compromise, amend our Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association, incur further indebtedness of any nature and create any charge, mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, lien or other encumbrance over assets constituting security, undertake any new project, diversify, modernise or substantial expand our projects, change our management, transfer or dispose of the Equity Shares held by our Promoters and change our capital structure. Any failure on our part to comply with these terms in our loan agreements would generally result in events of default under these loan agreements. In such a case, the lenders under each of these respective loan agreements may, at their discretion, accelerate payment and declare the entire outstanding amounts under these loans due and payable, and in certain instances, enforce their security which has been constituted over our various assets and take possession of those assets, which could adversely affect our liquidity and materially and adversely affect our business and operations. 

**_5. Intellectual property rights are important to our business and we may be unable to protect them from being infringed by others which may adversely affect our business value, financial condition and results of operations_** 

As on the date of this RHP, we have not yet obtained registration for two of our corporate logos and hence we do not enjoy the statutory protection accorded to a registered trademark. While we have made application for the registration of one of our corporate logos, and are still in the process of making an application for the other one however, there can be no assurance that our application will succeed. Grounds for refusal of registration may include the validity or scope of the application. If we are unable to obtain a registration, we may still continue to use the corporate logo but remain vulnerable to infringement and passing-off by third parties and will not be able to enforce any rights against them. We may also need to change our corporate logo which may adversely affect our reputation and business and could require us to incur additional costs. Although, we believe that that our present systems are adequate to protect our confidential information and intellectual property, there can be no assurance that our intellectual property data, trade secrets or proprietary technology will not be copied, infringed or obtained by third parties. Further, our efforts to protect our intellectual property may not be adequate and may lead to erosion of our business value and our operations could be adversely affected. This may lead to litigations and any such litigations could be time consuming and costly and their outcome cannot be guaranteed. Our Company may not be able to detect any unauthorized use or take appropriate and timely steps to enforce or protect our intellectual property, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further details pertaining to our intellectual property, please refer to the chapter titled _“Our Business”_ beginning on page 119 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_6. Our manufacturing operations are critical to our business and any shutdown of our manufacturing facilities may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further our manufacturing facilities are concentrated in a single region i.e. Gujarat and the inability to_** 

25 

# **_operate and grow our business in this particular region may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and future business prospects._** 

Our manufacturing facilities are located at, Padra and Talod, Gujarat. Our success depends on our ability to successfully manufacture and deliver our products to meet our customer demand. Our manufacturing facilities are susceptible to damage or interruption or operating risks, such as human error, power loss, breakdown or failure of equipment, power supply or processes, performance below expected levels of output or efficiency, obsolescence, loss of services of our external contractors, terrorist attacks, acts of war, break-ins, earthquakes, other natural disasters and industrial accidents and similar events. Recently, on account of the government imposed lockdown in India due to COVID-19 pandemic, operations at all of our manufacturing facilities were temporarily shut down for the period from March 24, 2020 to May 31, 2020 in respect of Unit I and from March 24, 2020 to May 15, 2020 in respect of Unit II and we were required to follow protocols as suggested by regulatory authorities which impacted our ability to operate our manufacturing facilities at optimum utilizations. 

It is also subject to operating risk arising from compliance with the directives of relevant government authorities. Operating risks may result in personal injury and property damage and in the imposition of civil and criminal penalties. 

If our Company experiences delays in production or shutdowns at our facility due to any reason, including disruptions caused by disputes with its workforce or any external factors, our Company‘s operations will be significantly affected, which in turn would have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further any materially adverse social, political or economic development, civil disruptions, or changes in the policies of the state government or state or local governments in this region could adversely affect our manufacturing operations, and require a modification of our business strategy, or require us to incur significant capital expenditure or suspend our operations. Any such adverse development affecting continuing operations at our manufacturing facilities could result in significant loss due to an inability to meet customer contracts and production schedules, which could materially affect our business reputation within the industry. The occurrence of, or our inability to effectively respond to, any such events or effectively manage the competition in the region, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and future business prospects. Further, continuous addition of industries in and around our manufacturing facilities without commensurate growth of its infrastructural facilities may put pressure on the existing infrastructure therein, which may adversely affect our business. Further, the spiraling cost of living around our manufacturing facilities may push our manpower costs higher, which may reduce our margin and cost competitiveness. 

**_7. An inability to expand or manage our distribution network for business or the loss of any significant dealer may adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

We primarily sell our products to retail customers through our large distribution network of dealers and sub-dealers across India. As on the date of the RHP, we have more than 2000 registered dealers. The competition for dealers and sub-dealers is intense in our industry and many of our competitors including the large players continue to expand their distribution networks. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully expand, maintain or manage our large distribution network and strengthen our relationship with our significant dealers in the future. If we lose any of our significant dealers or subdealers to competitors, we may lose some or all favorable arrangements with such dealer or sub-dealer, which could result in weakening or termination of our relationships with other dealers and sub-dealers. We may also not be able to effectively manage our dealers and sub-dealers, and the cost of any consolidation or further expansion of our distribution network may exceed the additional revenue generated from such efforts. Furthermore, the performance of our dealers and sub-dealers and their ability to sell our products, strengthen our brand and expand their businesses and their sales network are crucial for the future growth of our business and would directly affect our sales volume and profitability. Our business is dependent on maintaining a continuing relationship with our most significant dealers as a significant portion of our revenues in our business is generated by a limited number of key dealers. While our top ten dealers are not necessarily the same in every fiscal year or reporting period, our key dealers contribute a significant proportion of our total revenues. An inability to develop and maintain our relationship with key dealers by providing new and quality products, effective branding and marketing for such products, attractive commercial arrangements, or effective training and network support for dealers, may result in the loss of key dealers. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain or increase the historic levels of business from our key dealers, or that we will be able to immediately and successfully replace these key dealers at terms acceptable to us, should we lose any or all of them. Any loss of such key dealers may 

26 

adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_8. We are subject to various risks associated with the overseas markets in which we may operate, including but not limited to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and tax, if any. These risks may have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We derive our revenue from operations from both domestic and export sales. For the years ended March 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, our revenue from exports were Rs. 354.24 million, Rs. 325.28 million and Rs. 161.72 million, respectively. Our Company exports to many countries namely Poland, Bosnia, Italy UAE, etc. Consequently, any adverse changes in these economies such as slowdown in the economy, acts of terrorism or hostility targeting these countries, etc. would directly impact our revenues and results from operations. In the event of change in policies or laws in these regions with respect to quality standards, branding or restrictions on usage of certain products, imposition of anti-dumping duties, etc. our financial condition and business operations may be adversely affected. In case of any contingencies in future due to which we are unable to operate effectively in these markets, our results from operations, revenues and profitability may be adversely affected. 

Further our financial statements are presented in Indian Rupees. However, our revenue from operations are influenced by the currencies of geographies to where we export our products. The exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and these currencies, primarily the USD, has fluctuated in the past and our results of operations and cash flows have been impacted by such fluctuations in the past and may be impacted by such fluctuations in the future. For the Fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, foreign exchange loss/(gain) on exports revenue was Rs. 0.20 million, Rs. (2.97) million, Rs. (1.71) million respectively. Further, for the Fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, foreign exchange loss/(gain) on cost of imports was Rs. 1.00 million, Rs. 0.12 million and Rs. (0.17) million respectively. We may, therefore, suffer losses on account of foreign currency fluctuations for sale of our products or import of raw materials since may not be able to pass on all losses on account of foreign currency fluctuations to our customers. 

**_9. Our business is dependent on the performance of the real estate, infrastructure and other related industries where our products are utilized. Uncertainty regarding the real estate market, infrastructure sector, economic conditions and other factors beyond our control could adversely affect demand for our products, our costs of doing business and our financial performance._** 

Our products are primarily used in the real estate, infrastructure and related sectors. Adverse conditions in or uncertainty about these markets, or the economy could adversely impact our end-customers’ confidence or financial condition, causing the reduction of demand for our products or delay purchasing or payment for those products. The performance of these sectors, and consequently the demand for our products in these sectors, are dependent on economic and other factors such as government policies, regulations and budgetary allocations as well as investments made in these industries and sectors. The financial performance of the end users of our products and any adverse developments that affect the tile industry and the real estate, infrastructure and related sectors where our products are used may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_10. Any adverse change in regulatory requirements governing our products and the products of our customers, may adversely impact our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Regulatory requirements with respect to our products and the products of our customers are subject to change. An adverse change in the laws governing the manufacturing of our products, imposition of additional duties by target markets or laws governing the real estate sector, may have an adverse impact on our operations. We may be required to alter our manufacturing and/or distribution process and target markets and incur capital expenditure to achieve compliance with such new regulatory requirements applicable to us and our customers. We cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with such changes or additional regulatory requirements. In the past there have been anti-dumping duties imposed by some of our target markets, which may impact our operations in such countries. For eg. the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) has imposed anti-dumping duty on imports of ceramic tiles from India with effect from June 6, 2020. Further our products are mainly used in real estate sector which saw a downturn in past due to implementation of GST, RERA, etc. impacting our revenue of operations adversely. 

If we fail to comply with new statutory or regulatory requirements, there could be a delay in the submission or grant of approval for manufacturing. Further, changes in regulatory requirements, may result in our customers being unable to utilise our products for execution of their projects. There is an inherent risk that we may inadvertently fail to comply with such regulations, which could lead to enforced shutdowns and other sanctions imposed by the relevant authorities, loss of export operations, loss of demand by our end consumer which may adversely impact our business, prospects, results of operations and financial 

27 

condition. 

**_11. Orders placed by customers may be delayed, modified or cancelled, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further any defaults or delays in payment by a significant portion of our customers, may have an adverse effect on cash flows, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We may encounter problems in executing the orders in relation to our products, or executing it on a timely basis. Moreover, factors beyond our control or the control of our customers may postpone the delivery of such products or cause its cancellation. Due to the possibility of cancellations or changes in scope and schedule of delivery of such products, resulting from our customers discretion or problems we encounter in the delivery of such products or reasons outside our control or the control of our customers, we cannot predict with certainty when, if or to what extent we may be able to deliver the orders placed. Additionally, delays in the delivery of such products can lead to customers delaying or refusing to pay the amount, in part or full, that we expect to be paid in respect of such products. In addition, even where a delivery proceeds as scheduled, it is possible that the customers may default or otherwise fail to pay amounts owed. 

In the ordinary course of business, we extend credit to our customers. Consequently, we are exposed to the risk of the uncertainty regarding the receipt of the outstanding amounts. As at March 31, 2021our net trade receivables was Rs. 900.82 million. Out of the above trade receivables, Rs. 33.35 million is due for a period of more than 6 months and upto 1 year and Rs. 122.43 million is due for more than year, against such trade receivables a provision for doubtful debts of Rs. 23.91 million. During the Fiscal 2021, sales made to such customers amounted to Rs. 153.43 million. Our results of operations and profitability depend on the credit worthiness of our customers. Certain of these customers may have weak credit histories and we cannot assure that these counterparties will always be able to pay us in a timely fashion, or at all. Any adverse change in the financial condition of our customers may adversely affect their ability to make payments to us. As on date of RHP, we are yet to recover amount of Rs. 37.35 million from 64 of our debtors on which we have filed complaints under section 138 of the Negotiable Instruments Act, 1881 as well as a civil suit for recovery of amount of Rs. 0.52 million. Default or delays in payments by a significant portion of our customers may have an adverse effect on cash flows, results of operations and financial condition 

**_12. We have not entered into any long term or definitive agreements with our dealers or customers. If our dealers or customers choose not to source their requirements from us, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

We have not entered into any long term or definitive agreements with our dealers or customers, and instead rely on purchase orders to govern the volume, pricing and other terms of sales of our products. However, such orders may be amended or cancelled prior to finalisation, and should such an amendment or cancellation take place, we may be unable to seek compensation for any surplus unpurchased products that we manufacture. Our customers do not, typically, place firm purchase orders until a short time before the products are required from us as a result of which, we do not hold a significant order book at any time, making it difficult for us to forecast revenue, production or sales. Consequently, there is no commitment on the part of the customer to continue to source their requirements from us, and as a result, our sales from period to period may fluctuate significantly as a result of changes in our customers’ vendor preferences. 

Additionally, our customers have high and exacting standards for product quantity and quality as well as delivery schedules. Any failure to meet our customers’ expectations could result in cancellation of orders. There are also a number of factors other than our performance that are beyond our control and that could cause the loss of a customer. Customers may demand price reductions, set-off any payment obligations, require indemnification for themselves or their affiliates, change their outsourcing strategy by moving more work in-house, or replace their existing products with alternative products, any of which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_13. We currently avail benefits under certain export promotion schemes. Any failure in meeting the obligations under such schemes, may result in adversely affecting our business operations and our financial condition._** 

We currently avail benefits under certain export promotion schemes, namely, Export Promotion Capital Goods (“EPCG”) license. As per the licensing requirement under the said scheme, we are bound by certain export obligations which require us to export goods of a defined amount, failing which, we may have to pay the Government, a sum equivalent to the duty benefit enjoyed by us under the said schemes along with interest. As of March 31, 2021, our pending obligations against EPCG License was ₹ 194.36 million, which will be adjusted at the time of the consequent exports as per the required timelines. Any reduction or withdrawal of benefits or our inability to meet any of the conditions prescribed under any of the schemes 

28 

would adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

**_14. We have commissioned the Brickworks Report, which has been used for industry related data in this Red Herring Prospectus and such data has not been independently verified by us or the BRLM._** 

The information in this section and the chapters titled “ _Summary of the Offer Document_ ”, “ _Our Business_ ”, “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations_ ” and “ _Industry Overview_ ” on pages 18, 119, 164 and 101, respectively, of this Red Herring Prospectus includes information that is derived from the Brickworks Report that we commissioned in connection with the Offer for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the industry. Neither we, nor the Promoters, nor Directors, nor the Book Running Lead Manager, its associates or affiliates or any other person connected with the Offer have verified the information included in the Brickworks Report and other information under “ _Industry Overview_ ” on page 101, and we cannot guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of any such information. 

Moreover, the industry sources, including the Brickworks Report, contains certain industry and market data, based on certain assumptions. Further, the reports use certain methodologies for market sizing and forecasting. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the markets in which we operate, and methodologies and assumptions vary widely among different industry sources. Such assumptions may change based on various factors. We cannot assure you that such assumptions are correct or will not change and, accordingly, our position in the market may differ from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, the Brickworks Report or any other industry data or sources are not recommendations to invest in our Company. 

Investors are advised not to unduly rely on the industry related information provided in this Red Herring Prospectus when making their investment decision and such industry related information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus should not be construed as advice relating to business, financial, legal, taxation or investment matters. See “ _Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information and Market Data and Currency of Presentation_ ” and “ _Industry Overview_ ” on pages 15 and 101, respectively. 

**_15. Our company has entered into long term gas supply agreements with various suppliers for the procurement of natural gas. Any under-utilization of the quantities of natural gas may trigger the ‘take or pay’ provisions contained in such agreements which may have an adverse impact on our financial condition._** 

Natural gas is the primary fuel for our manufacturing facilities and we source such fuel requirements through gas supply agreements (“GSAs”) with certain natural gas suppliers. As on date the Company has entered into GSAs with: (i) Sabarmati Gas Limited dated July 30, 2016, which is valid until July 29, 2026; (ii) Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Limited dated January 2, 2013, which is valid until March 31, 2022; and (iii) GAIL India Limited dated November 13, 2015, which is valid until April 30, 2028, respectively. Any under-utilization of natural gas than the contracted quantities may attract the ‘take or pay’ obligations as stipulated in such GSAs, requiring us to pay for the quantity under drawn. Although we may procure the equivalent quantity of natural gas paid for pursuant to the aforementioned claims during the remaining validity period of the GSAs subject to the seller’s operational flexibility and any price adjustments, there can be no assurance that we will be able to profitably utilize such quantities of natural gas. Such claims or any future claims under these GSAs may adversely impact our cash flows, the results of our operations and financial position. In addition, these GSAs need to be renewed from time to time with renewal to be mutually agreed between the parties and there can be no assurance that these GSAs will be renewed on terms favorable to us, or at all. In case of any such non-renewal of the said GSAs, we would need to make alternative arrangements in a timely manner and any delay could adversely affect the fuel requirements at our manufacturing facilities and in turn adversely affect our business operations and revenue from operations. 

**_16. The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by our Promoters and the Selling Shareholder could be lower than the floor price._** 

   - Our Promoters’ and Selling Shareholder’s average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares in our Company may be lower than the Floor Price of the Price Band as may be decided by the Company and the Selling Shareholder in consultation with the BRLM. For further details regarding average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by our Promoters and the Selling Shareholder in our Company and built-up of Equity Shares by our Promoters and the Selling Shareholder in our Company, please refer to the chapter titled “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 63 of this RHP. 

**_17. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and may experience price and volume fluctuations_** 

29 

# **_following the completion of the Offer. Further, our Equity Shares may not result in an active or liquid market and the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for our Equity Shares will develop or, if developed, does not guarantee the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. Investors might not be able to rapidly sell the Equity Shares at the quoted price if there is no active trading in the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares shall be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholder in consultation with the BRLM through the Book Building Process. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results of our Company, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

**_18. Our statutory auditor has included an emphasis of matter in their audit report for the financial year ended March 31, 2021 and certain observations in the Companies (Auditors Report) Order 2016, as amended (“CARO”) disclosures._** 

Our Statutory Auditors for financial year ended March 31, 2021 have provided an emphasis of matter in their auditor’s report for the said year specifically with respect to the management's estimation of impact of COVID-19 on the financial result of the Company for the quarter and for the financial year ended on March 31, 2021. Further the statutory auditors of our Company have also reported certain observations in their reports on the Companies (Auditors Report) Order, 2016. These matters include few instances of delay in payment of statutory dues and dues which have remain unpaid on account of disputes, etc. For details on emphasis of matter and observations made in CARO, please refer chapter titled “Restated Financial Statements” beginning on page 160 of the RHP. 

**_19. The industry in which we operate is labour intensive and our manufacturing operations may be materially adversely affected by strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees or those of our suppliers._** 

Ceramic tiles industry being labour intensive is dependent on labour force for carrying out its manufacturing operations. We also employ contract labour at our manufacturing facilities. As at March 31, 2021, 2020 & 2019, the contract labour employed by us was 30.95%, 8.83% and  16.61%, respectively of the total labour/employees employed by us for our operations.  Shortage of skilled/unskilled personnel or work stoppages caused by disagreements with employees could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Though we have not experienced any major disruptions in our business operations due to disputes or other problems with our work force in the past; however, there can be no assurance that we will not experience such disruptions in the future. Such disruptions may adversely affect our business and results of operations and may also divert the management’s attention and result in increased costs. 

India has stringent labour legislation that protects the interests of workers, including legislation that sets forth detailed procedures for the establishment of unions, dispute resolution and employee removal and legislation that imposes certain financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment. We are also subject to laws and regulations governing relationships with employees, in such areas as minimum wage and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and terminating of employees and work permits. Although our employees are not currently unionized, there can be no assurance that they will not unionize in the future. If our employees unionize, it may become difficult for us to maintain flexible labour policies, and we may face the threat of labour unrest, work stoppages and diversion of our management’s attention due to union intervention, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_20. An inability to address changing industry standards and consumer trends may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The future success of our business will depend in part on our ability to respond to technological advances, consumer preferences (including in designs) and emerging industry standards and practices in a costeffective and timely manner. The development and implementation of such new technology entails technical and business risks. We may have to incur substantial capital investment to upgrade our equipment and manufacturing facilities. While we continue to invest in various product development initiatives, introduction of new designs and new technologies and processes for the development of new products, we are subject to general risks associated with introduction and implementation of new products including the 

30 

lack of market acceptance and delays in product development. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully develop new products or that such new products will receive market acceptance or adapt our manufacturing processes to incorporate new technologies or address changing consumer trends or emerging industry standards. Any rapid change in the expectations of our dealers and end customers in our business on account of changes in technology or introduction of new alternate products could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_21. If we are unable to continue to implement our brand building and marketing initiatives, for each of our brands, our business and prospects may be adversely affected. Moreover, any deterioration in the reputation and market perception of our brand as a result of defects in our products or liability claims from customers may have an adverse effect on our sales, profitability and the implementation of our growth strategy._** 

We operate under our brand “Exxaro” in the industry in which we operate. Our brand and reputation are among our important assets. The performance and quality of products are critical to the success of our business. The success of these products depend significantly on the effectiveness of the product design, quality of the raw materials and quality control systems, which in turn, depend on skills and experience of our personnel and our ability to ensure that such personnel adhere to our standards and policies and guidelines. Any adverse change in the quality of products rendered by us including due to reasons beyond our control, or allegations of defects, even when false, at any of our manufacturing facilities could tarnish the image of our brands, result in negative reviews and feedback from our customers. Further, our brand building would also depend on the effectiveness of sales and promotional activities and choice of channel partners. There can be no assurance that our efforts in these areas would always be effective. Any adverse development or decline in our brand value and reputation may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Any failure or defect in our products could result in a claim against us for damages, regardless of our responsibility for such a failure or defect. We currently carry no products liability insurance with respect to our products. Although we attempt to maintain quality standards, we cannot assure that all our products would be of uniform quality, which in turn could adversely affect the value of our brand, and our sales could be diminished if we are associated with negative publicity. For the Fiscal 2021, 2020 & 2019, our breakage and complaint expenses amounted to Rs. 16.95 million, Rs. 19.14 million and Rs. 32.77 million respectively. 

Also, our business is dependent on the trust our customers have in the quality of our products. Any negative publicity regarding our company, brand, or products, including those arising from a drop in quality of merchandise from our vendors, mishaps resulting from the use of our products, or any other unforeseen events could affect our reputation and our results from operations. 

**_22. There have been some instances of non-filing/ delays /incorrect filings in the past with certain statutory authorities. If the authorities impose monetary penalties on us or take certain punitive actions against our Company in relation to the same, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected._** 

In the past, there have been some instances of non-filings or incorrect filings or delays in filing statutory forms with the RoC such as Form MGT-14 in respect of a special resolution. There has also been an instance of non-compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act in relation to appointment of company secretary however, the Company is as on date in compliance with the requirements of the Companies Act in this regard. While no  legal  proceedings  or  regulatory  action  has  been  initiated against  our Company in  relation  to  such non-compliance  and instances of non-filings or incorrect filings or delays in filing statutory forms with the RoC as  of  the  date  of this  Red  Herring  Prospectus,  we cannot  assure  you that  such  legal proceedings or regulatory actions will not be initiated against our Company in future and we cannot assure you that we will not be subject to penalties imposed by regulatory authorities in this respect. Therefore, if the authorities impose monetary penalties on us or take certain punitive actions against our Company in relation to the same, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

**_23. Any increase in interest rates would have an adverse effect on our results of operations and will expose our Company to interest rate risks._** 

We are dependent upon the availability of equity, cash balances and debt financing to fund our operations and growth. Our finance costs for the Fiscal 2021, 2020, 2019 was Rs. 212.60 million, Rs. 197.18 million and Rs. 178.28 million which was 8.33%, 8.19% and 7.36% of our total revenues from operations, respectively. Some of our secured debt has been availed at floating rates of interest which is linked to 

31 

MCLR. Any fluctuations in interest rates may directly impact the interest costs of such loans and, in particular, any increase in interest rates could adversely affect our results of operations. Furthermore, our indebtedness means that a material portion of our expected cash flow may be required to be dedicated to the payment of interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the funds available to us for use in our general business operations. If interest rates increase, our interest payments will increase and our ability to obtain additional debt and non-fund based facilities could be adversely affected with a concurrent adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further details, please refer chapter titled “Financial Indebtedness” beginning on page 188 of this RHP and Note 15-Borrowings-Non-Current and Note 19- Borrowings – Current on page F-27 and F-29 under the chapter titled “Restated Financial Statements”. 

# **_24. Certain Unsecured loans taken by our Company can be recalled by the lenders at any time._** 

As on March 31, 2021, March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 our Company has unsecured loans amounting to Rs. 140.35 million, Rs. 172.67 million and Rs. 203.09 million respectively outstanding from related and other parties that are repayable on demand to the relevant lender which is 6.02%, 6.48% and 8.16% of our total liabilities. Further, these loans are not repayable in accordance with any agreed repayment schedule and may be recalled by the relevant lender at any time. In such cases, our Company may be required to repay the entirety of the unsecured loans and other outstanding amounts payable in relation to such loans. Our Company may not be able to generate sufficient funds at short notice to be able to repay such loans and may resort to refinancing such loans at a higher rate of interest and on terms not favourable to it. Failure to repay unsecured loans in a timely manner may have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows and financial condition. For further details of unsecured loans of our Company, please refer the chapter titled “ _Restated Financial Statements_ ” beginning on page 160 of this RHP. 

# **_25. The industry segments in which we operate being fragmented, we face competition from other players, which may affect our business operations and financial conditions._** 

We compete in ceramic tiles industry on the basis of the quality of our products, price, and distribution. The industry in which we operate is highly competitive. Factors affecting our competitive success include, amongst other things, price, demand for our products, availability of raw materials, brand recognition and reliability. Our competitors vary in size, and may have greater financial, production, marketing, personnel and other resources than us and certain of our competitors have a longer history of established businesses and reputations in the Indian ceramic tiles industry as compared with us. Competitive conditions in some of our segments have caused us to incur lower net selling prices and reduced gross margins and net earnings. These conditions may continue indefinitely. Changes in the identity, ownership structure, and strategic goals of our competitors and the emergence of new competitors in our target markets may impact our financial performance. New competitors may include foreign-based companies and domestic producers who could enter our markets. Our failure to compete effectively, including any delay in responding to changes in the industry and market, together with increased spending on advertising, may affect the competitiveness of our products, which may result in a decline in our revenues and profitability. Also, see “ _Business - Competition_ ” on page 128. 

**_26. The continuing effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted._** 

In late calendar 2019, COVID-19, commonly known as “novel coronavirus” was first reported in Wuhan, China. Since then, the virus has progressively spread globally to many countries. The World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak as a health emergency of international concern on January 30, 2020 and thereafter categorised the outbreak as a pandemic on March 11, 2020. 

In order to contain the spread of COVID-19 virus, the Government of India initially announced a 21-day lockdown on March 24, 2020, which, after being subject to successive extensions, had started to see some relaxation in restrictions. 

During the period of the lockdown, there were several restrictions in place including travel restrictions and directive to all citizens to not move out of their respective houses unless essential. Since the lockdown required private, commercial and industrial establishments to remain closed, our manufacturing units were closed for operations from March 24, 2020 to May 31, 2020in respect of Unit I and from March 24, 2020 to May 15, 2020 in respect of Unit II. Further during the initial stages of the lockdown our business operations were temporarily disrupted and we faced limited availability of labour, supply chain constraints and logistical problems, and we were required to follow protocols as suggested by regulatory authorities, which impacted our ability to operate our manufacturing facilities at optimum utilizations thereby causing our 

32 

manufacturing facilities to operate at a sub-optimal capacity in the month of June 2020 and July 2020. We also faced limitation on transportation of our products from our manufacturing facilities amidst the lockdown and public transport restrictions. 

As a result, the COVID-19 pandemic has affected and may continue to affect our business, results of operations and financial condition in a number of ways such as: 

- Revenue loss in the months of April and May to the tune of Rs. 400-500 million, as per management estimates, as there was downturn in the sales of our products. This was primarily because our manufacturing units were closed for operations from March 24, 2020 to May 31, 2020 in respect of Unit I and from March 24, 2020 to May 15, 2020 in respect of Unit II. 

- adverse impact on the sales of our products due to logistical issues such as raw material availability and delivery issues and transportation problems in respect of our products to our customers and unavailability of export containers for exporting our products abroad to our customers. 

- Adverse impact on production on account of unavailability/scarcity of labour. This was primarily due to the fact that a lot of labourers migrated back to their home town. 

- Our products are typically supplied in real estate sector and there was a global slowdown in project execution and new launches during Apr’20 to June’20. 

- certain employees contracting COVID-19, who have since recovered. 

- increased risks emanating from process changes being implemented, such as increased reliance on technology, increased work-from-home measures; 

While COVID-19 has directly affected our business and operations, there is significant uncertainty regarding the duration and impact  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic,  as  well  as  possible  future  responses, which  makes  it  impossible  for  us  to  predict  with certainty the impact that COVID-19 will have on us and our customers at this time. 

Further, while restrictions imposed to curb spread of the COVID-19 virus had started to see some relaxations, however, owing to rapidly spreading second wave of the COVID-19 virus across, one or more states have imposed or may impose additional regional or local lockdowns. We cannot assure you that we may not face any difficulty in our operations due to such restrictions and such prolonged instances of lockdown may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, our ability to ensure the safety of our workforce and continuity of operations while confirming with measures implemented by the central and state governments in relation to the health and safety of our employees may result in increased costs. In the event a member or members of our senior management team contract COVID-19, it may potentially affect our operations. Further, in the event any of our employees contract COVID-19, we may be required to quarantine our employees and shut down a part of or the entire manufacturing facilities or our offices and branches, as necessary. Risks arising on account of COVID-19 can also threaten the safe operation of our facility, offices, loss of life, injuries and impact the well-being of our employees. 

The ultimate impact will depend on a number of factors, many of which are outside our control. These factors include the duration, severity and scope of the pandemic, the impact of the pandemic on economic activity in India and globally, the eventual level of infections in India or in the regions in which we operate, the timely availability of vaccines in India and the impact of any actions taken by governmental bodies or health organisations (whether mandatory or advisory) to combat the spread of the virus. These risks could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_27. Our Company is dependent on third party transportation providers, with whom we have no formal arrangements, for the delivery of our raw materials and finished goods and any disruption in their operations or a decrease in the quality of their services or an increase in the transportation costs could adversely affect our Company's reputation and results of operations._** 

We rely on third parties logistic service providers, with whom we have no formal arrangement, to provide rail, trucking and other transportation facilities for the transfer of raw materials to our manufacturing facilities and the supply of finished products to our customers. We also depend on sea borne freight in respect of import and export operations. Such logistics providers are arranged on spot basis and in certain cases may not be insured for the full value of the load that they are carrying. These transportation facilities may not be adequate to support our existing and future operations and there may be disruptions of transportation and logistics services due to weather-related problems, strikes, lock-outs, inadequacies in the road infrastructure and seaport facilities. Also, we do not own any trucks or commercial transport vehicles for all of our product distribution and input materials procurement and primarily use third-party logistic 

33 

providers for the same. Further, we undertake our import/ export activities from Mundra Port located at Gujarat and are therefore heavily dependent on the smooth functioning of the Mundra Port.  In addition, any increase in the charges imposed by the operators of transportation and logistics facilities would significantly impact our costs and results of our operations. Any disruption of any of our transportation routes or facilities may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_28. Our business prospects and continued growth depends on our ability to access financing at competitive rates and competitive terms, which amongst other factors is dependent on our credit rating. Any downgrade of our credit ratings may restrict our access to capital and thereby adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our business depends on our ability to obtain funds at competitive rates. The cost and availability of capital, amongst other factors, is also dependent on our current and future results of operations and financial condition, our ability to effectively manage risks, our brand and our credit ratings. We may not be able to avail the requisite amount of financing or obtain financing at competitive interest rates if we fail to have favourable results of operations. As on the date of the RHP, our top 3 lenders are Bank of Baroda, State Bank of India and ECL Finance Limited. We had been last rated by Brickwork ratings for our Fund based - long term borrowing as BWR BBB+ with a stable outlook and for our Non-Fund based - short term borrowing as BWR A3+.Such rating is valid till August 5, 2021.Ratings reflect a rating agency‘s opinion of our financial strength, operating performance, strategic position, and ability to meet our obligations. Any downgrade made to our credit ratings could lead to high borrowing costs and limit our access to capital and lending markets and, as a result, could adversely affect our business. In addition, downgrades of our credit ratings could increase the possibility of additional terms and conditions being added to any new or replacement financing arrangements. 

**_29. Information relating to the estimated manufacturing capacities and capacity utilization rates of our manufacturing facilities included in this RHP is based on various assumptions and estimates. Actual production and future capacity utilization rates may vary from such estimated manufacturing capacity information and historical capacity utilization rates._** 

The information relating to the estimated manufacturing capacities and utilization rates of our manufacturing facilities included in this RHP is based on various assumptions and estimates of our management. Capacity additions to our manufacturing facilities have been made on an incremental basis, including through expansion of our manufacturing facilities, improving material handling and other operational efficiencies in the manufacturing process and addition of equipment or production lines from time to time. Actual production levels and future capacity utilization rates may differ significantly from the estimated manufacturing capacities of our manufacturing facilities and historical capacity utilization rates. In addition, capacity utilization is calculated differently in different countries, industries and for the different kinds of products we manufacture. Undue reliance should therefore not be placed on the manufacturing capacity information for our existing manufacturing facilities or the historical capacity utilization rate information included in this RHP. 

**_30. If we are not able to obtain, renew or maintain our statutory and regulatory licenses, registrations and approvals required to operate our business, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We require certain statutory and regulatory licenses, registrations and approvals to operate our business, some of which our Company has either received, applied for or is in the process of application. Further, in the future, we may also be required to obtain new licenses, registrations and approvals for any proposed or upcoming projects, including any expansion of existing projects. There can be no assurance that the relevant authorities will renew such licenses, registrations and approvals in a timely manner or at all. Further, these licenses, registrations and approvals are subject to several conditions, and we cannot assure that we will be able to continuously meet such conditions or be able to prove compliance with such conditions to statutory authorities, and this may lead to cancellation, revocation or suspension of relevant licenses, approvals and registrations. Failure by us to renew, maintain or obtain the required licenses or approvals, or cancellation, suspension, or revocation of any of the licenses, approvals and registrations may result in the interruption of our operations and may have a material adverse effect on our business. Our Company has applied for approvals and the receipt of the same are pending as on date of this Red Herring Prospectus: (i) Application dated December 2, 2019 made before the Regional Director, Central Ground Water Authority for the renewal of the No Objection Certificate (NOC) for ground water withdrawal; (ii) Application dated March 2, 2021 for obtaining NOC/Approval from Fire Department in accordance with the provisions of the Gujarat Fire Prevention and Life Safety Measures Act, 2013 in respect of our 

34 

manufacturing facilities. For further details on the licenses obtained by us and licenses for which renewal and other applications have been made, please see the chapter titled “ _Government and Other Statutory Approvals_ ” beginning on page 197. 

**_31. There are outstanding litigation proceedings filed by our Company. Any adverse outcome in such proceedings may have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

There are outstanding litigation proceedings filed by our Company in relation to certain taxation matters. Further, our Company has also initiated certain criminal proceedings against various parties under the Negotiable Instruments Act, 1881. Further, there is one case of outstanding dues filed against our Company by micro and small enterprise as defined under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006. Such outstanding litigation proceedings are pending at various levels of adjudication before various tribunals and other authorities. 

The summary of outstanding litigation proceedings set out below includes details of criminal proceedings, taxation proceedings and material Civil litigation (as defined in the chapter titled “ _Outstanding Litigations and Material Developments_ ” beginning on page 192) involving our Company. 

|**Sr. No.**<br>|**Nature of Cases**<br>**Litigations filed by our Comp**<br>|**No. of outstanding**<br>**cases**<br>**any**<br>|**Amount to the**<br>**extent quantifiable**<br>**(in₹ million)***<br>|
|---|---|---|---|
|**1. **|Income Tax|4|25.05|
|**2. **|Value Added Tax|2|12.35|
|**3. **|Criminal proceedings under Section 138 of<br>the Negotiable Instruments Act,1881|64|37.35|
|**Litigations file**|**d against our Company**|||
|4. <br>_*To the extent qu_|Proceedings filed for outstanding dues to a<br>micro and small enterprise as defined<br>under the Micro, Small and Medium<br>Enterprises Development Act,2006<br>_antifiable excluding interest and penalty ther_|1<br>_eon_|1.04|



<mark>For further information, see “</mark> _<mark>Outstanding Litigations and Material Developments</mark>_ <mark>” beginning on page 192.</mark> 

There can be no assurance that these legal proceedings will be decided in our favor. While our Company <mark>has made provisions to the extent of Rs. 11.28 million, as on March 31, 2021, in respect of certain criminal proceedings initiated by it against various parties under the Negotiable Instruments Act, 1881 in its Restated Financial Statements, we cannot assure you that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. Decisions in such proceedings adverse to our interests may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.</mark> 

# **_32. We do not own the land on which our display centres and marketing offices are located._** 

We do not own the land on which our display centres and marketing offices are located. These properties are taken on lease by us from third parties for a certain period. For details, please refer chapter titled _“Our Business”_ beginning on page 119 of the RHP. If we do not comply with certain conditions of the lease, the lessor may terminate the lease, which could have an adverse effect on our operations and there can be no assurance that renewal of lease agreement with the owner will be entered into. In the event of non-renewal of lease, we may be required to shift our display centres and marketing offices to a new location and there can be no assurance that the arrangement we enter into in respect of new premises would be on such terms and conditions as the present ones. 

**_33. We have certain contingent liabilities that have not been provided for in our Company’s financials which if materialised, could adversely affect our financial condition._** 

Our contingent liabilities as on March 31, 2021 are as under: 

|||(₹ in million)|
|---|---|---|
|**Sr. No.**|**Particulars**|**As at March31, 2021**|
|1.|Income Tax matters – CIT Appeals|25.05|



35 

|2.|Sales Tax Liabilityunder dispute|12.35|
|---|---|---|
|3.|Bankguarantee issued bybank|97.67|
|4.|Letter of credit issued byBank|20.51|
|5.|EPCG Obligation|194.36|
||**Total**|**349.94 **|



In the event any such contingencies mentioned above were to materialize or if our contingent liabilities were to increase in the future, our financial condition could be adversely affected. For further details, see the section entitled “ _Restated Financial Statements_ ” on page 160 of this RHP. 

**_34. Our Company has availed export incentives in the form of duty drawback on export sales during the Fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019._** 

Our Company has availed export incentives in the form of duty drawback on export sales of Rs. 7.71 million, Rs. 5.07 million and Rs. 2.71 million during the Fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 respectively. Such duty drawback is availed on account of export of goods against import of raw materials in accordance with the Customs Act, 1962. Any changes in the government regulations with respect to such duty drawback scheme may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

**_35. Failure or disruption of our IT and/or business resource planning systems may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects._** 

We have implemented various information technology (“IT”) and/or business resource planning systems to cover key areas of our operations. We are dependent on technology in relation to customer order management and dispatches and financial accounting. We rely on our IT infrastructure to provide us with connectivity and data backup across our locations and functions. As on the date of the RHP, our IT/BRP systems are owned by us. Our server is maintained by our own employees and accounting software is maintained on an Annual Maintenance Contract basis by a third party. While the business resource planning systems that we have implemented have enabled us to improve our working capital cycles, despite an increase in our sales over the period, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to do so in the future. 

We believe that we have deployed adequate IT disaster management systems including data backup and retrieval mechanisms, at our manufacturing facilities. However, any failure or disruption in the operation of these systems or the loss of data due to such failure or disruption (including due to human error or sabotage) may affect our ability to plan, track, record and analyze work in progress and sales, process financial information, manage our creditors, debtors and hedging positions, or otherwise conduct our normal business operations, which may increase our costs and otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_36. Our inability to effectively manage our growth or to successfully implement our business plan and growth strategies could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The success of our business will depend greatly on our ability to effectively implement our business and growth strategies. If we are unable to source business opportunities effectively, we may not achieve our financial objectives._** 

Our growth strategies requires us to develop and strengthen relationships with existing dealers and customers for our business of vitrified tiles who may drive high volume orders on an ongoing basis. To remain competitive, we seek to increase our business from existing customers and by adding new customers, as well as expanding into new geographical markets. To grow our business, we will need to hire, train, supervise and manage new employees and to implement systems capable of effectively accommodating our growth. However, we cannot assure you that any such employees will contribute to the success of our business or that we will implement such systems effectively. 

Our success in implementing our growth strategies may be affected by: 

- our ability to expand our dealers network; 

- our ability to maintain the quality of our products; 

- our ability to increase our export operations; 

- our ability to increase our manufacturing capacities as well as procure goods on outsourcing basis; 

- the general condition of the global economy (particularly of India and the other markets that we currently or may operate in); 

- our ability to compete effectively with existing and future competitors, 

36 

- changes in the Indian or international regulatory environment applicable to us. 

Many of these factors are beyond our control and there is no assurance that we will succeed in implementing our strategy. We also plan to enhance and develop our existing brand in India. By focusing further resources, including management time and effort, distribution and sales network and brand management on developing our brand, we will be diverting our resources from our established business of manufacturing. We may not be successful in developing our brand image as we intend to. 

Further our ability to achieve our financial objectives will depend on our ability to identify, evaluate and accomplish business opportunities. Our failure to source business opportunities effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. It is also possible that the strategies used by us in the future may be different from those presently in use. No assurance can be given that our analyses of market and other data or the strategies we use or plans in future to use will be successful under various market conditions. 

While we have successfully executed our business strategies in the past, there can be no assurance that we will be able to execute our strategies on time and within our estimated budget, or that our expansion and development plans will increase our profitability. Any of these factors could adversely impact our results of operations. We expect our growth strategies to place significant demands on our management, financial and other resources and require us to continue developing and improving our operational, financial and other internal controls. Our inability to manage our business and growth strategies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and profitability. 

**_37. Our business operations are exposed to various standard financial risks such as liquidity risk, market risk and credit risk._** 

Our business operations are exposed to various standard financial risks such as liquidity risk, market risk and credit risk. The sources of risk, which the Company is exposed to and how the Company manages these risks is given below: 

|**Risk**|**Exposure from**|**Measurement**|**Company Mechanism to deal with the same**|
|---|---|---|---|
|Credit risk|Trade receivables,<br>Cash and cash<br>equivalents|Aging analysis,<br>Credit ratings|Credit<br>risk<br>is<br>managed<br>through<br>credit<br>approvals,<br>establishing<br>credit<br>limits<br>and<br>continuously<br>monitoring<br>the<br>customers<br>outstanding balances to which the Company<br>grants credit terms in the normal course of<br>business. Trade receivables are reviewed and<br>assessed for default on a quarterly basis. The<br>credit risk on account of financing activities,<br>i.e., balances with banks is very low, since the<br>Company holds all the balances with approved<br>bankers only.|
|Liquidity risk|Borrowings, Trade<br>payables and other<br>liabilities|Cash flow budgeted<br>vs actuals|The<br>Company’s<br>approach<br>in<br>managing<br>liquidity is to ensure that it will have sufficient<br>funds to meet its liabilities when due without<br>incurring unacceptable losses.|
|Market risk -<br>Foreign<br>Currency|Foreign currency<br>receivables and<br>payables;<br>Forecasted foreign<br>currency<br>transactions|Cash flow<br>forecasting and<br>sensitivity analysis|The<br>Company<br>has<br>insignificant<br>foreign<br>currency exposure, the overall exposure of<br>foreign currency risk is not significant to the<br>operations of the Company.|
|Market risk -<br>Interest rate|Long-term<br>borrowings at<br>variable interest<br>rates|Sensitivity analysis|The management monitors the rates of interests<br>and continues to evaluate refinancing of debts<br>at lower rates of interest on a regular basis.|



For further details, please refer Note 39- Financial Risk Management beginning on page F-44 under the chapter titled Restated Financial Statements beginning on page 160 of the RHP. 

37 

**_38. Activities involving our manufacturing process can be dangerous and can cause injury to people or property in certain circumstances. A significant disruption at any of our manufacturing facilities may adversely affect our production schedules, costs, sales and ability to meet customer demand._** 

Our business operations are subject to hazards such as risk of equipment failure, work accidents, fire or explosion and require individuals to work under potentially dangerous circumstances. Although we employ safety procedures in the operation of our facilities and maintain what we believe to be adequate insurance, there is a risk that an accident or death may occur in one of our facilities. An accident may result in destruction of property or equipment, environmental damage, manufacturing or delivery delays, or may lead to suspension of our operations and/or imposition of liabilities. Any such accident may result in litigation, the outcome of which is difficult to assess or quantify, and the cost to defend litigation can be significant. As a result, the costs to defend any action or the potential liability resulting from any such accident or death or arising out of any other litigation, and any negative publicity associated therewith, may have a negative effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

In particular, if operations at our manufacturing facility were to be disrupted as a result of any significant workplace accident, equipment failure, natural disaster, power outage, fire, explosion, terrorism, adverse weather conditions, labour dispute, obsolescence or other reasons, our financial performance may be adversely affected as a result of our inability to meet customer demand or committed delivery schedules for our products. 

Interruptions in production may also increase our costs and reduce our sales, and may require us to make substantial capital expenditures to remedy the situation or to defend litigation that we may become involved in as a result, which may negatively affect our profitability, business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

**_39. An inability to renew quality accreditations in a timely manner or at all, or any deficiencies in the quality of our products may adversely affect our business prospects and financial performance._** 

We obtain and maintain quality certifications and accreditations from independent certification entities and also comply with prescribed specifications and standards of quality approved by the Government in connection with the products we manufacture. Such specifications and standards of quality is an important factor in the success and wide acceptability of our products. As on date, we have obtained ISO certifications, which are valid until July 14, 2024 and Certificate of Compliance inter-alia certifying that the Company has been found to be in compliance with the requirements of CPD 89/106/EEC in respect of all kinds of ceramic and vitrified tiles, which is valid until October 28, 2023. Our Company has also obtained Certificate of Membership for being a member of the Indian Green Building Council (IGBC) Membership is valid upto December, 2021. Further, our Company has received certification from the Bureau of Indian Standards dated January 7, 2021 in respect of Indian Standard No. IS 15622:2017, which is valid until January 16, 2022. If we fail to comply with applicable quality standards or if the relevant accreditation institute or agency declines to certify our products, or if we are otherwise unable to obtain such quality accreditations in the future, in a timely manner or at all, our business prospects and financial performance will be materially and adversely affected. 

**_40. Changes in technology may render our current technologies obsolete or require us to make substantial capital investments. Further, our failure to keep our technical knowledge confidential could erode our competitive advantage._** 

Our business is continually changing due to technological advances and customer preferences. These changes result in the frequent introduction of new products and services and significant price competition. If our products and technologies become obsolete for various factors, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Although we strive to maintain and upgrade our technologies, facilities and machinery consistent with current national and international standards, the technologies, facilities and machinery we currently use may become obsolete. The cost of implementing new technologies and upgrading our manufacturing facilities could be significant, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Any failure on our part to effectively address such situations, innovate and keep up with technological advancements or to successfully introduce new products and services in these areas, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our customers may shift to other manufacturers if we do not meet their changing needs as per the requirement of the tiles industry. Further, our already existing technologies may become redundant. All these factors could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

38 

**_41. Our Promoters, directors and members of the Promoter Group have provided personal guarantees to certain loan facilities availed by us, which if revoked may require alternative guarantees, repayment of amounts due or termination of the facilities_** , **_which in turn may adversely impact our cash flow, business and result of operations._** 

Our Promoters, directors and members of the Promoter Group have provided personal guarantees in relation to certain loan facilities availed of by us. In the event that any of these guarantees are revoked, the lenders for such facilities may require alternate guarantees, repayment of amounts outstanding under such facilities, or may even terminate such facilities. We may not be successful in procuring alternative guarantees satisfactory to the lenders, and as a result may need to repay outstanding amounts under such facilities or seek additional sources of capital, which may not be available on acceptable terms or at all and any such failure to raise additional capital could affect our operations and our financial condition. 

**_42. Our Company had volatile cash flow from operations and negative cash flow from investing and financing activities during the Fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019._** 

A summary of our cash flow statement as per Restated Financial Statements for the Fiscal 2021, 2020 and is as follows: 

|**Particulars**|**March 31,**|**March 31,**|**March 31,**|
|---|---|---|---|
||**2021**|**2020**|**2019**|
|Net cashgenerated from operatingactivities|377.86|57.07|410.84|
|Net cash from/(used)in investingactivities|(17.11)|(24.50)|(52.19)|
|Net cash (used)/generated from financing<br>activities|(344.23)|(42.23)|(381.86)|



Cash flow of a company is a key indicator to show the extent of cash generated from operations to meet capital expenditure, pay dividends, repay loans and make new investments without raising finance from external resources. If we are not able to generate sufficient cash flows in future, it may adversely affect our business and financial operations. For further details, please refer chapter titled “Restated Financial Statements” beginning on page 160 of the RHP. 

**_43. We appoint contract labour for carrying out certain of our operations and we may be held responsible for paying the wages of such workers, if the independent contractors through whom such workers are hired default on their obligations, and such obligations could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

We engage independent contractors through whom we engage contract labourers for performance of certain functions at our Manufacturing Facilities for the performance of non-core tasks. Although we do not engage these labourers directly, we are responsible for any wage and statutory payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractors **_._** Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and our financial conditions. In addition, we may be liable for or exposed to litigations, sanctions, penalties or losses arising from accidents or damages caused by our workers or contractors. 

**_44. Under-utilization of our manufacturing capacities could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

Our revenues and profits are dependent on our ability to optimise and maximise our capacity utilisation. For the Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, the capacity utilisation of the Padra Manufacturing Facility was 64.43%, 83.36% and 80.45%, while the capacity utilisation of the Talod Manufacturing Facility was 71.95%, 64.56% and 47.83% respectively. If we are unable to ensure optimal utilisation of our manufacturing capacities, we may be unable to produce our products in the required quantities and enjoy benefits of economies of scale, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

**_45. Our Promoters have interests in our Company other than the reimbursement of expenses and normal remuneration or benefits. Any such interests may result in a conflict of interest, which may have an adverse effect on our business._** 

Our Promoters may be deemed to be interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursements of expenses, to the extent of Equity Shares held by them, their relatives, their dividend or bonus entitlement, and benefits arising from their directorship in our Company. Therefore, some of the above interests may conflict with the duties of these persons as Promoters / Directors of the 

39 

Company. For further details, please see the chapters titled “ _Capital Structure_ ”. “ _Our Management_ ” and “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group_ ” beginning on pages 63, 141 and 154, respectively of this RHP. 

**_46. Our insurance policies do not cover all risks, specifically risks like product defect/liability risk, loss of profits and terrorism. In the event of the occurrence of such events, our insurance coverage may not adequately protect us against possible risk of loss._** 

Our Company has obtained insurance coverage in respect of certain risks. Our significant insurance policies consist of, among others, (i) insurance policy covering burglary and house-breaking, fire, damage to buildings, plant and machinery, furniture and stocks (raw materials and finished goods) having insurance coverage of Rs. 4,983.88 million, (ii) marine cargo open policy having insurance coverage of Rs. 588.50 million; (iii) commercial vehicle and private car package policy; and (iv) employee compensation and digit illness group insurance having insurance coverage of Rs. 316.98 million. While we have not independently assessed whether our insurance coverage is adequate, however, as per our management’s assessment, we believe that we maintain insurance coverage in adequate amounts consistent with size of our business, our insurance policies do not cover all risks, specifically risks like product defect/liability risk, loss of profits, losses due to terrorism, etc. There can be no assurance that our insurance policies will be adequate to cover the losses in respect of which the insurance has been availed. If we suffer a significant uninsured loss or if insurance claim in respect of the subject-matter of insurance is not accepted or any insured loss suffered by us significantly exceeds our insurance coverage, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

**_47. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future. These or any future related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest and there can be no assurance that we could not have achieved better terms, had such arrangements been entered into with unrelated parties._** 

Our Company has entered into various transactions with our Promoter, Promoter Group, Directors and their relatives. A summary of our related party transactions for the Fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 is as follows: 

|**Nature of Transactions**|**Transaction Am**|**ount**|**_(₹ in million)_**|
|---|---|---|---|
||**For the year**<br>**ended**<br>**March31,**<br>**2021**|**For the year**<br>**ended**<br>**March 31,**<br>**2020**|**For the year**<br>**ended March**<br>**31,**<br>**2019**|
|Remuneration toKeyManagerial Personnel|3.03|3.01|4.08|
|SalarytoRelatives of KMP's|4.30|2.40|3.84|
|Rent Paid|0.24|0.24|-|
|Loan received|5.67|44.55|5.77|
|Loan repaid|20.50|49.85|17.63|



While we believe that all such transactions are conducted on arm’s length basis, there can be no assurance that we could not have achieved more favorable terms had such transactions were not entered into with related parties. Furthermore, it is likely that we will enter into related party transactions in future. There can be no assurance that such transactions, individually or in aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation. For details on the transactions entered by us, please refer to “Note-36 Related Party Information as per Ind AS 24” beginning on page F-37 under the chapter _“Restated Financial Statements”_ beginning on page 160 of the Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_48. This Red Herring Prospectus contains certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other selected statistical information related to our operations and financial performance. These non-GAAP measures and statistical information may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across the manufacturing industry, and therefore may not be comparable with financial or statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other manufacturing companies._** 

Certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other statistical information like EBITDA, EBITDA Margin, Direct Costs, PAT Margin, CAGR and others, relating to our operations and financial performance have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For details of such Non-GAAP measures, please refer chapters titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Our Business” beginning on page 160 and 114, respectively. We compute and disclose such nonGAAP financial measures and such other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance as we consider such information to be useful measures of our business and financial performance, and because such measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and others to 

40 

evaluate the operational performance of manufacturing companies, many of which provide such nonGAAP financial measures and other statistical and operational information when reporting their financial results. These non-GAAP financial measures and other statistical and other information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be comparable to financial measures and statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other manufacturing companies. 

**_49. We have not made any alternate arrangements for meeting our capital requirements for the Objects of the Offer. Further we have not identified any alternate source of financing the ‘Objects of the Offer’. Any shortfall in raising / meeting the same could adversely affect our growth plans, operations and financial performance._** 

As on date, we have not made any alternate arrangements for meeting our capital requirements for the objects of the Offer. We meet our capital requirements through our bank finance, unsecured loans, owned funds and internal accruals. Any shortfall in our net owned funds, internal accruals and our inability to raise debt in future would result in us being unable to meet our capital requirements, which in turn will negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. Further we have not identified any alternate source of funding and hence any failure or delay on our part to raise money from this Offer or any shortfall in the Offer proceeds may delay the implementation schedule and could adversely affect our growth plans. For further details please refer to the chapter titled “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” beginning on page 85of this RHP. 

**_50. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon our future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants in our financing arrangements._** 

We may retain all our future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of our business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on factors that our Board of Directors deem relevant, including among others, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. Additionally, under some of our loan agreements, we may not be permitted to declare any dividends, if there is a default under such loan agreements or unless our Company has paid all the dues to the lender up to the date on which the dividend is declared or paid or has made satisfactory provisions thereof. Accordingly, realization of a gain on shareholders investments may largely depend upon the appreciation of the price of our Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that our Equity Shares will appreciate in value. Our Company has not declared any dividends for the Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019. For details of our dividend history, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 159 of this RHP. 

**_51. Any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders’ approval._** 

Our Company intends to use Net Proceeds raised pursuant to the Fresh Issue in the manner set out in the section titled “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 85. In accordance with Section 27 of the Companies Act, 2013, we cannot undertake any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus without obtaining the approval of shareholders of our Company through a special resolution. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to undertake variation in the disclosed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain the approval of the shareholders of our Company in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such approval of the shareholders of our Company may adversely affect our business or operations. 

In light of these factors, we may not be able to undertake variation of objects of the Offer to use any unutilized proceeds of the Fresh Issue, if any, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. This may restrict our Company’s ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition by redeploying the unutilized portion of Net Proceeds, if any, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**_52. Our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of Net Proceeds are not appraised by any independent agency, are based on management estimates and may be subject to change based on various factors, some of which beyond our control. Any changes in the estimated funding requirements could affect our business and results of operations._** 

We intend to use the Net Proceeds for the purposes described in “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” beginning on page 85. Our funding requirements are based on management estimates and our current business plans and has 

41 

not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. The deployment of the Net Proceeds will be at the discretion of our Board. However, the deployment of the Net Proceeds will be monitored by the Monitoring Agency. We may have to reconsider our estimates or business plans due to changes in underlying factors, some of which are beyond our control, such as the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, interest or exchange rate fluctuations, increase in input costs, labour costs, logistics and transport costs, taxes and duties, regulatory costs, environmental factors and other external factors. Accordingly, prospective investors in the Offer will need to rely upon our management’s judgment with respect to the use of the Net Proceeds. If we are unable to deploy the Net Proceeds in a timely or an efficient manner, it may affect our business and results of operations. 

**_53. Our success depends largely upon the services of our Directors, Promoters and other Key Managerial Personnel and our ability to attract and retain them. Demand for Key Managerial Personnel in the industry is intense and our inability to attract and retain Key Managerial Personnel may affect the operations of our Company._** 

Our success is substantially dependent on the expertise and services of our Directors, Promoters and our Key Managerial Personnel. While our Promoters do not possess a formal education qualification, certification or degree, they however, provide expertise which enables us to make well informed decisions in relation to our business and our future prospects. Our future performance will depend upon the continued services of these persons. Demand for Key Managerial Personnel in the industry is intense. We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain any or all, or that our succession planning will help to replace, the key members of our management. The loss of the services of such key members of our management team and the failure of any succession plans to replace such key members could have an adverse effect on our business and the results of our operations. 

**_54. Our Promoters and members of the Promoter Group will continue jointly to retain significant influence over our Company after the Offer, which will allow them to determine the outcome of matters submitted to shareholders for approval._** 

After completion of the Offer, our Promoters and Promoter Group will collectively own [●]% of the Equity Shares. As a result, our Promoters together with the members of the Promoter Group will be able to exercise a significant degree of influence over us and will be able to influence the outcome of any proposal that can be approved by a majority shareholder vote, including, the election of members to our Board, in accordance with the Companies Act and our Articles of Association. Such a concentration of ownership may also have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control of our Company. 

In addition, our Promoters will continue to have the ability to cause us to take actions that are not in, or may conflict with, our interests or the interests of some or all of our creditors or minority shareholders, and we cannot assure you that such actions will not have an adverse effect on our future financial performance or the price of our Equity Shares. 

**_55. We could be harmed by employee misconduct or errors that are difficult to detect and any such incidences could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and reputation._** 

Employee misconduct or errors could expose us to business risks or losses, including regulatory sanctions and cause serious harm to our reputation. There can be no assurance that we will be able to detect or deter such misconduct. Moreover, the precautions we take to prevent and detect such activity may not be effective in all cases. Our employees and agents may also commit errors that could subject us to claims and proceedings for alleged negligence, as well as regulatory actions on account of which our business, financial condition, results of operations and goodwill could be adversely affected. 

# **_Offer Specific Risks_** 

**_56. The Offer price of our Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares after the Offer and the market price of our Equity Shares may decline below the Offer price and you may not be able to sell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price._** 

The Offer Price of our Equity Shares has been determined by book building method. The price is based on numerous factors (For further information, please refer chapter titled “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” beginning on page 94 of this RHP) and may not be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of our Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that you will be able to sell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. Among the factors that could affect our share price include without limitation. The following: 

42 

   - quarterly variations in the rate of growth of our financial indicators, such as earnings per share, net income and revenues; 

   - changes in revenue or earnings estimates or publication of research reports by analysts; 

   - results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 

   - speculation in the press or investment community; 

   - new laws and governmental regulations applicable to our industry; 

   - future sales of the Equity Shares by our shareholders; 

   - general market conditions; and 

   - domestic and international economic, legal and regulatory factors unrelated to our performance. 

**_57. Our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer includes an Offer for Sale of up to 2,238,000 Equity Shares, in the aggregate, by the Selling Shareholder. Our Company will not receive any proceeds of the Offer for Sale by the Selling Shareholder. However, in the event that the Offer is withdrawn or not completed for any reason whatsoever, all the Offer related expenses will be exclusively borne by our Company. The expenses of the Selling Shareholder will, at the outset, be borne by our Company and the Selling Shareholder will reimburse our Company for such expenses incurred by our Company on behalf of the Selling Shareholder, in relation to the Offer, upon successful completion of the Offer in the manner as prescribed under applicable law and agreed amongst the Company and the Selling Shareholder. For further informations, please see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 85. 

**_58. Fluctuations in the exchange rate of the Rupee and other currencies could have a material adverse effect on the value of the Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

The Equity Shares would be quoted in Rupees on the BSE and the NSE. Any dividends in respect of the Equity Shares will be paid in Rupees and subsequently converted into appropriate foreign currency for repatriation. Any adverse movement in exchange rates during the time it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to investors. In addition, any adverse movement in exchange rates during a delay in repatriating the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares outside India, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the net proceeds received by shareholders. 

The exchange rate of the Rupee has changed substantially in the last two decades and could fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Equity Shares and returns from the Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

**_59. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Any gain realized in excess of Rs. 1,00,000/- on the sale of listed equity shares on a stock exchange held for more than 12 months will be subject to long term capital gains tax in India at the specified rates in case STT was paid on the sale transaction. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of Securities Transaction Tax (“STT”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

**_60. Our future funds requirements, in the form of fresh issue of capital or securities and/or loans taken by us, may be prejudicial to the interest of the shareholders depending upon the terms on which they are eventually raised._** 

We may require additional capital from time to time depending on our business needs. Any fresh issue of shares or convertible securities would dilute the shareholding of the existing shareholders and such issuance may be done on terms and conditions, which may not be favourable to the then existing shareholders. If such funds are raised in the form of loans or debt, then it may substantially increase our interest burden and decrease our cash flows, thus prejudicially affecting our profitability and ability to pay dividends to our shareholders. 

43 

# **_61. Rights of shareholders under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles relating to these matters and the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholders of our Company than as shareholders of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

**_62. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within six Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, cash flows, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

# **_63. The requirements of being a listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the SEBI Listing Regulations which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. 

Further, as a listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

# **External Risk Factors** 

**_64. Global economic, political and social conditions may harm our ability to do business, increase our costs and negatively affect our stock price._** 

The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located elsewhere, including India. Adverse economic developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficit, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 

We are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in which we operate. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. Demand for our products may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional and 

44 

global economies. Economic growth in the countries in which we operate is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports, global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall which affects agricultural production. Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Also, a change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could adversely affect economic conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular and high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our revenues, and as such decrease our operating margins. 

**_65. The extent and reliability of Indian infrastructure could adversely affect our Company’s results of operations and financial condition._** 

India’s physical infrastructure is in developing phase compared to that of many developed nations. Any congestion or disruption in its port, rail and road networks, electricity grid, communication systems or any other public facility could disrupt our Company’s normal business activity. Any deterioration of India’s physical infrastructure would harm the national economy, disrupt the transportation of goods and supplies, and add costs to doing business in India. These problems could interrupt our Company’s business operations, which could have an adverse effect on its results of operations and financial condition. 

**_66. Any downgrading of India’s sovereign rating by an independent agency may harm our ability to raise financing._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. India’s sovereign ratings have recently been downgraded. For instance, our credit rating was downgraded by Moody’s from Baa2 with a “negative” outlook to Baa3 with a “negative” outlook and by Fitch from BBB- with a “stable” outlook to BBB- with a “negative” outlook. Any further adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_67. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Hostilities, fires, epidemics, pandemics, acts of war, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other events could materially and adversely affect our business._** 

Natural disasters (such as typhoons, flooding and earthquakes), epidemics, pandemics such as COVID-19, acts of war, terrorist attacks and other events, many of which are beyond our control, may lead to economic instability, including in India or globally, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations may be adversely affected by fires, natural or man-made disasters and/or severe weather, which can result in damage to our property or inventory and generally reduce our productivity and may require us to evacuate personnel and suspend operations. Any terrorist attacks or civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic and political events in India or countries to who we export our products could have a negative effect on us. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_68. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of tax laws, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy.. For instance, The Finance Act, 2020 (“Finance Act”), has, amongst others things, provided a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime, including, without limitation, a simplified alternate direct tax regime and that dividend distribution tax (“DDT”), will not be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident and likely be subject to tax deduction at source. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source from such dividend. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. 

45 

Further, the Finance Act, 2019 stipulates any sale, transfer and issue of securities through exchanges, depositories or otherwise to be charged with stamp duty. The Finance Act, 2019 has also clarified that the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2019 may have on our Company’s business and operations. 

Further, the Government of India has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2021, pursuant to which the Finance Act, effective from July 1, 2020, has introduced various amendments. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2020 may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. 

In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

**_69. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our products at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our customers and our profits might decline._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of salaries, and other expenses relevant to our business. 

High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to pass on to our customers, whether entirely or in part, and the same may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or increase our rates to pass the increase in costs on to our customers. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Further, the GoI has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

**_70. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us._** 

Our Company is a company incorporated under the laws of India. All our Company’s Directors and officers are residents of India and all of our assets are located in India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce judgments obtained against such parties outside India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if that court was of the view that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy, or if judgments are in breach or contrary to Indian law. In addition, a party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain approval from the RBI to execute such a judgment or to repatriate outside India any amounts recovered. 

**_71. Significant differences exist between Indian GAAP and IND AS, on one hand, and other accounting principles, such as U.S. GAAP and IFRS, on the other hand, which may be material to investors’ assessments of our financial condition._** 

Our restated financial statements for the Financial Years 2021, 2020 and 2019 have been prepared in accordance with the Ind AS, read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP or IFRS. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the restated financial statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by 

46 

persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited. In addition, some of our competitors may not present their financial statements in accordance with Ind AS and their financial statements may not be directly comparable to ours, and therefore reliance should accordingly be limited. 

**_72. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market countries in Asia. Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy. We currently are exporting our products to many countries mainly Poland, Bosnia, UAE, etc. Further we are importing some raw materials from South Africa and stores from China. Financial disruptions may occur again and could impact our business, our future financial performance and the prices of the Equity Shares. 

47 

