# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in our Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares and the industry in which we currently operate or propose to operate in India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also occur and adversely impact our businesses, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If any of the following risks, some combination of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial, actually occur, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could suffer, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. To obtain a complete understanding of our Company, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Industry Overview”, “Our Business”, “Selected Statistical Information” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 115, 173, 254 and 346, respectively, as well as the financial, statistical and other information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of our Company and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in our Equity Shares._ 

_Prospective investors should also pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward- looking statements as a result of certain factors, including but not limited to the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. See “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 21._ 

_Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section. Unless the context requires otherwise, the financial information of our Company has been derived from our Restated Financial Information. In addition, certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance have been included in this section and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. Such non-GAAP financial measures should be read together with the nearest GAAP measure. See “Certain Conventions, Presentation of Financial, Industry and Market Data and Currency of Presentation – Financial Data – Non-GAAP financial measures and certain other statistical information” on page 18._ 

_The industry-related information contained in this section is derived from a report titled “Industry Report on Small Business Loans in India” issued in November 2021, and as updated in September, 2022 prepared and issued by CRISIL Limited (the “CRISIL Report”) (extracts of which have been appropriately incorporated as part of “Industry Overview” on page 115), and exclusively commissioned and paid for by the Company only for the purposes of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with the Offer. We appointed CRISIL Limited to prepare the CRISIL Report on July 30, 2021, and subsequently entered into an addendum amending the agreement for services on September 5, 2022._ 

# **Internal Risk Factors** 

**_Risks Relating to our Business_** 

**1.** **_We require substantial capital for our business and any disruption in our sources of capital could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our business and results of operations depend on our ability to raise both, debt and equity from various external sources on suitable terms and in a timely manner. Our financing requirements historically have been met from several sources, including term loans and working capital facilities; proceeds from loans securitized; proceeds from the issuance of NCDs; and principal protected market linked debentures from banks, financial institutions, mutual funds, and other domestic and international development financial institutions to meet our capital requirements. See “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Significant Factors Affecting our Results of Operations — Availability of Cost Effective Sources of Capital_ ” on pages 383 and 348, respectively. Our business thus depends on, and will continue to depend on, our ability to continually access these sources of capital and secure low cost funding at rates lower than the interest rates at which we lend to our customers. 

Our ability to raise funds on acceptable terms, at competitive rates and in a timely manner, depends on various factors including our current and future results of operations and financial condition, our risk management policies, our credit ratings, our brand equity, the regulatory environment and policy initiatives in India and developments in the domestic markets including capital markets and international markets affecting the Indian economy including the effect of events such as the COVID-19 pandemic, macro and micro economic and financial conditions or continuing lack of liquidity 

22 

in the market. The terms of any additional financing may also place limits on our financial and operational flexibility. We cannot assure you that our business will continue to generate sufficient cash to enable us to service our existing and future debt or to fund our other liquidity needs. Recently, certain NBFCs in India have defaulted in the repayment of their borrowings, which has adversely affected the availability and cost of funds to NBFCs in general. Any such events in the future may lead to adverse perceptions about the finance sector as a whole and affect our ability to obtain financing at commercially reasonable terms. 

Further, changes in economic, regulatory and financial conditions or any lack of liquidity in the market could adversely affect our ability to access funds at competitive rates, which could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. Our ability to raise debt to meet our financing requirements is also restricted by the limits prescribed under applicable regulations. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing in a timely manner and on acceptable terms, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

# **2.** **_The risk of non-payment or default by our borrowers may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We primarily serve customers in the low and middle-income groups with majority of our borrowers being small business owners and self-employed individuals. As of June 30, 2022, March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021, March 31, 2020, ₹37,157.15 million, or 70.15% of our Gross Term Loans, ₹36,666.84 million, or 72.36% of our Gross Term Loans, ₹29,407.41 million, or 66.15% of our Gross Term Loans and ₹22,704.62 million, or 58.33% of our Gross Term Loans, respectively, were from customers who belonged to the low-income group, earning not more than ₹25,000 per month. Our customers may delay and/or default on their repayment obligations due to various reasons including business failure, insolvency, lack of liquidity, loss of employment or personal emergencies such as the death of an income-generating family member, including on account of events such as the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, our customers often may not have credit histories, or may not have formal income proofs such as tax returns and other documents that would enable us to assess their creditworthiness. For our customers who earned not more than ₹25,000 per month, during the three months ended June 30, 2022 and the Financial Years 2022, 2021 and 2020, ₹309.58 million, 0.58% of our total Gross Term Loans, ₹259.40 million, 0.51% of our total Gross Term Loans, ₹150.79 million, 0.34% of our total Gross Term Loans, ₹162.30 million and 0.42% of our total Gross Term Loans of our total Gross Term Loans, respectively, experienced default in repayment obligations, (i.e. were in the 90+ DPD category). Further, we may not receive updated information regarding any change in the financial condition of our customers or may receive inaccurate or incomplete information as a result of any misrepresentation by our customers or employees. It may therefore be difficult for us to carry out the necessary credit risk analysis on all of our customers. Although we follow procedures to evaluate the credit profiles of our customers prior to sanctioning a loan, we also rely on the value of the property provided as underlying collateral. For details of our process for customer credit evaluation and monitoring, see “ _Business – Description of our Business_ ” on page 188. 

We also provide loans to customers who are self-employed. During the period between April 1, 2019 and June 30, 2022, 27.60% of the loans disbursed (in terms of count of loans) were to self-employed customers. Self-employed customers are often considered to be higher credit risk customers due to their increased exposure to fluctuations in cash flows due to adverse economic conditions. To the extent we are unable to successfully manage the risks associated with lending to self-employed customers, it may become difficult for us to recover outstanding loan amounts provided to such customers. We cannot assure you that our risk management controls will be sufficient to prevent future losses on account of customer defaults, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our ability to manage the credit quality of our loans, which we measure in part through Stage 3 Gross Term Loans (i.e., loans that are 90+ DPD or NPAs), is a key driver of our results of operations. Our total loan portfolio has grown during the three months ended June 30, 2022 and the Financial Years 2022, 2021 and 2020, and we anticipate that the size of our loan portfolio will continue to grow in the future as we pursue our expansion strategy. We classify loans that are 90+ DPD as “Stage 3 Gross Term Loans” (in accordance with Ind-AS). As of June 30, 2022, March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020, our Stage 3 Gross Term Loans were ₹591.37 million, ₹530.50 million, ₹451.93 million and ₹532.26 million, respectively, while our Stage 3 Gross Term Loans to Gross Term Loans were 1.12%, 1.05%, 1.02% and 1.37%, respectively. As of June 30, 2022, March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020, our Stage 3 Gross Term Loans (net) were ₹359.43 million, ₹345.40 million, ₹370.74 million and ₹438.05 million, respectively, while our Stage 3 Gross Term Loans (net) to Gross Term Loans were 0.68%, 0.68%, 0.83% and 1.13%, respectively. In addition, on account of our recent growth, a significant portion of our loan portfolio is relatively new and was disbursed during the last 36 months. We believe that the risk of delinquency in our loans typically emerges 18 to 36 months from disbursement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain or reduce our current levels of Stage 3 Gross Term Loans in the future. 

Further, as an NBFC, we are regulated by the RBI and are required to adhere to the prudential norm on income recognition, asset classification and provisioning (“ **IRACP** ”) notified by the RBI from time to time. For instance, on November 12, 2021, the RBI issued a circular titled “ _Prudential norms on Income Recognition, Asset Classification and Provisioning pertaining to Advances – Clarifications_ ” (“ **November 12 Circular** ”) with a view to ensuring 

23 

uniformity in the implementation of IRACP norms across all lending institutions. The November 12 Circular, amongst other matters, requires borrower accounts to be flagged as overdue by lending institutions as part of their day-end processes for the due date, irrespective of the time of running such processes. Similarly, classification of borrower accounts as special mention accounts (“ **SMA** ”) as well as NPA is required to be undertaken as part of day-end processes for the relevant date, such that the date of SMA/ NPA shall reflect the asset classification status of an account at the day-end of that calendar date. The November 12 Circular clarifies that the SMA classification requirement for borrower accounts is applicable to all loans, including retail loans, irrespective of size of exposure of the lending institution. Further, the November 12 Circular provides that accounts classified as NPAs may be upgraded to ‘standard’ only if the entire arrears of interest and principal are paid by the borrower, as opposed to such upgrade being undertaken upon payment of only interest overdues. In this regard, the RBI has stipulated, through their clarifications dated February 15, 2022 (in relation to prudential norms on income recognition, asset classification and provisioning pertaining to advances), that NBFCs shall have until September 30, 2022 to put in place the necessary systems to implement such upgrading of NPAs. The exact and full extent of the impact of the November 12 Circular on the credit quality of our loans is not ascertainable at this stage, and we cannot assure you that it will not impact our current levels of NPAs in the future. Further, as our loan portfolio grows, our NPAs may increase and the current level of our provisions may not adequately cover any such increases. Negative trends or financial difficulties or a general economic slowdown could unexpectedly increase delinquency rates. We cannot assure you that there will not be a significant increase in the portion of our loans that are classified as NPAs (based on November 12 Circular) as our loan portfolio matures or that any of the steps taken by us in avoiding repeat delay and/or default of loan repayments by our borrowers will be sufficient. Increases in our NPAs in the future could also impact our profitability, as it would entail us making higher loan provisions. If our Net NPA Ratio exceeds a certain threshold, the RBI could also impose certain measures as described in the RBI’s circular titled “ _Prompt Corrective Action (PCA) Framework for Non-Banking Financial Companies (NBFCs)_ ” (“ **PCA Framework Circular** ”), such as restrictions on dividend distribution or remittance of profits and branch expansion. The RBI issued the PCA Framework Circular on December 14, 2021, which provides for supervisory intervention and the imposition of remedial measures by the RBI in relation to NBFCs, including NBFC-NDs, on the basis of tracking certain indicators, such as CRAR, Tier I Capital Ratio and Net NPA Ratio. The PCA Framework Circular will come into effect from October 1, 2022, based on the financial position of NBFCs on or after March 31, 2022. We cannot assure you that in the future, we will be able to maintain the thresholds prescribed by the RBI under the PCA Framework Circular. Any inability to do so could result in the RBI imposing restrictions on us, such as dividend distribution or remittance of profits and branch expansion. See also “ _– The Coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) has had certain adverse effects on our business, operations, cash flows and financial condition and the extent to which it or the effect of outbreaks of any other severe communicable disease may continue to do so in the future; is uncertain and cannot be predicted_ ” and “ _Business – Description of our Business – Collections, Asset Quality and Monitoring_ ” on pages 26 and 194, respectively. 

# **3.** **_Our inability to meet our obligations, including financial and other covenants under our debt financing arrangements, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

As of June 30, 2022, our Total Borrowings were ₹25,203.19 million. For details in relation to our outstanding indebtedness and certain indicative terms of our borrowing facilities, see “ _Financial Indebtedness – Key terms of our borrowings_ ” on page 383. Our ability to meet our debt service obligations and repay our outstanding borrowings will depend primarily on the cash generated by our business, which depends on the timely repayment by our customers. In particular, our lending and treasury operations may be affected by volatility in interest rates, which could adversely affect our cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our financing agreements contain several restrictive covenants and we are required to obtain prior approval from our lenders for undertaking various actions, including: 

- make any amendments to the memorandum of association and articles of association; 

- effect any changes to or alter our capital structure, including by way of a buyback; 

- effect any change in the constitution, including shareholding pattern, ownership, controlling interest and control; 

- effect any changes in our management, including changes in the composition of the Board of Directors and change in the practice with regard to remuneration of directors; 

- undertake guarantee obligations on behalf of any other person or provide any loan/advance to any third party; 

- incur further indebtedness; 

- make any prepayment of amounts due under the facilities; 

24 

- dilute the shareholding of the Promoter(s) and members of the Promoter Group; 

- expansion or diversification of our business; 

- opening of current accounts with banks not part of the lending consortium; and 

- enter into long term contractual obligations directly affecting our financial position. 

<mark>Under some of these agreements, certain lenders require us to maintain certain financial ratios at the end of certain reporting periods, including end of fiscal quarters and fiscal years, as required under such borrowing arrangements. Some of our financing agreements also contain cross-default and cross-acceleration clauses, which are triggered in the event of a default by us under our respective financing agreements. After the provisions of the November 12 Circular relating to the upgrading of NPAs take effect on October 1, 2022, there could be an increase in our NPAs, which could cause breaches of certain covenants stipulated under our respective financing agreements. For details of the indicative events of default and the consequences of events of default under our borrowing arrangements, see “</mark> _<mark>Financial Indebtedness – Key terms of our borrowings</mark>_ <mark>” on page 383. Our failure to meet our obligations under our financing agreements could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. For instance, in September 2021, we received a waiver on an NPA covenant under an NCD agreement, wherein loans restructured in accordance with the RBI Circular dated May 5, 2021, would be excluded from the definition of Portfolio at Risk (PAR) 90, which earlier included restructured loans. For details in relation to our outstanding indebtedness and certain indicative terms of our borrowing facilities, see “</mark> _<mark>Financial Indebtedness – Key terms of our borrowings</mark>_ <mark>” on page 383.</mark> 

Our future borrowings may also contain similar restrictive provisions. If we fail to meet our debt service obligations or covenants provided under the financing agreements, the relevant lenders could declare us to be in default under the terms of our agreements or accelerate the maturity of our obligations. We cannot assure you that, in the event of any such acceleration, we will have sufficient resources to repay the borrowings. 

The negative covenants as mentioned in this risk factor and in the section “ _Financial Indebtedness – Key terms of our borrowings_ ” on page 383, and other clause/covenants of a similar nature under the financing arrangements entered into by us with our lenders are in the ordinary course of business as a small business finance company and will continue post listing of the Equity Shares, as is customary for borrowing arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business for listed and unlisted companies. Further, there will be no direct/indirect impact of such restrictive clauses/covenants present under our financing arrangements on our public shareholders post listing of the Equity Shares. 

# **4.** **_Any deterioration in the performance of any pool of receivables securitized to banks and other institutions may adversely impact our results of operations._** 

We securitize a portion of our receivables to banks and other financial institutions. Such securitization is undertaken by us on the basis of our internal estimates of funding requirements and availability of other sources of funds, and may vary from time to time. During the three months ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 the Financial Year 2022, we did not securitize any assets, and during the Financial Years 2021 and 2020, we securitized assets worth ₹7,857.90 million and ₹3,988.63 million, respectively. As of June 30, 2022, June 30, 2021, March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021, March 31, 2020, our receivables securitized were ₹3,910.87 million, ₹7,461.13 million, ₹4,840.10 million, ₹8,181.56 million and ₹3,339.60 million, constituting 7.38%, 16.30%, 9.55%, 18.40% and 8.58% of our Gross Term Loans, respectively. Any change in RBI or other regulators in relation to securitizations by NBFCs could have an adverse impact on our securitization program. In the event the bank or financial institution with whom we have securitized our receivables does not realize the receivables due under loans that have been securitized, the relevant bank or financial institution could enforce the underlying credit enhancements provided by our Company. Should such banks or financial institutions seek to enforce the underlying credit enhancements, such as fixed deposits, provided up to a specified percentage of the underlying loan, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain securitization data for our Company: 

|**Particulars**|**June**<br>|**30,**<br>|**As of**<br>|**March 31,**<br>|<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2022**|**2021**|**2022**|**2021**|**2020**|
|||**_(₹ _**|**_in millions_**|**_)_**||
|Assets securitized|-|-|-|7,857.90|3,988.63|
|Outstanding on securitisation transactions|3,910.87|7,461.13|4,840.10|8,181.56|3,339.60|
|90+ DPD (Gross) on securitised loans|55.46|46.44|44.48|11.36|2.35|
|90+ DPD (Gross) as a % of outstanding on securitisation transactions|1.42%|0.62%|0.92%|0.14%|0.07%|



25 

# **5.** 

- **_Non-compliance with the RBI’s observations made pursuant to its periodic inspections and violations of regulations prescribed by the RBI, could expose us to certain penalties and restrictions._** 

As an NBFC-ND-SI, we are subject to periodic inspections by the RBI under Section 45N of the RBI Act, wherein the RBI inspects our books of accounts and other records for the purpose of verifying the correctness or completeness of any statement, information or particulars furnished to the RBI or for obtaining any information, which we may have failed to furnish when called upon to do so. In its past inspection reports, the RBI has (a) identified certain deficiencies in our operations, (b) made certain observations in relation to our operations during its periodic inspections and (c) sought certain clarifications on our operations, including but not limited to: 

- inadequate institutional risk management structure in light of significant business growth during Financial Year 2019, including few Risk Management Committee meetings during the period, despite inherent risks; no risk profile had been prepared considering the business and external environment in which our Company operates; 

- low level seasoning of loan portfolio, that is as of March 21, 2019, the RBI observed that nearly 55.58% of the gross loans comprised loans which were recently originated and had run for a period of less than one year; the RBI noted that such an unseasoned loan book would carry higher risks, requiring the enhanced attention of risk management, which was not found adequate in the risk processes of our Company; 

- Stage 3 Gross Term Loans to total advances were only 0.88% as of March 31, 2019, however, there were higher delinquencies in 1 – 30 DPD, 31 – 60 DPD and 61 – 90 DPD categories, which represents inherent stress in the credit portfolio; the RBI noted that the aggregate stressed accounts in the time categories up to 90 DPD category aggregated to 19.56% which was significantly on the higher side; and 

- the borrower profile of our Company comprised mainly customers with marginal credit profile, mostly first time borrowers; despite the RBI noting financial inclusion, the concentration of the entire loan book on such loans (nearly 97% of total loan book as of March 31, 2019), is fraught with various facets of credit risks; 

- adherence to mandatory disclosures on frauds; 

- exposure of our entire portfolio to the sensitivities of the real estate sector and the consequent product concentration risk; 

- linking interest rates to the tenor of the relevant loan disbursed as opposed to the risk profile of the borrower; 

- failing to disclose loans provided against commercial properties in the return filing at the time; 

- failing to specifically disclose certain information, such as the gradations of risks, rationales for charging different rates of interest to different categories of borrowers and details of processing fee and various charges collected by us, in our loan application forms at the prevailing time; 

- failing to include certain components, such as the requirement for verification of the borrower’s bank account statements and the mechanism for verification of the borrower’s rental income, in our credit policies at the prevailing time; 

- observations around unique customer identification code, where same customer was given multiple unique codes and customers in the group / family given the same unique code; 

- failing to include specific criteria for selection of assets to be transferred under securitization in our credit and securitization policies; 

- an increase in Net NPAs (as reported to the RBI) from 0.84% as of March 31, 2021 to 7.75% as of December 31, 2021, exceeding the requisite thresholds that may trigger the imposition of restrictions set out in the PCA Framework Circular, and was a case of supervisory concern for the RBI; 

- failing to have sufficiently formal policies on decisions to send legal notices to borrowers; 

- having inadequate customer care personnel in proportion to the number of customers; 

- certain inadequacies of our IT framework, such as IT service provider agreements not authorizing the RBI to access our documents, failing to migrate to specified platforms and conduct business continuity plans and disaster recovery drills. 

While we attempt to comply with all regulatory provisions, directions or observations applicable to us, including in connection with the RBI inspection reports described immediately above (all of which have been responded to by us), if we are unable to comply with the RBI’s observations or directions, we could be subject to penalties and restrictions which may be imposed by the RBI. Further, as per the Banking Regulation Act, in the event that the RBI is of the opinion that the affairs of the Company are being conducted in a manner detrimental to the interest of the depositors, it holds a right to supersede the decision of the Board. Imposition of any penalty or adverse finding by the RBI during any future inspection may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**6.** **_The Coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) has had certain adverse effects on our business, operations, cash flows and financial condition, and the extent to which it, or the effect of outbreaks of any other severe communicable disease, may continue to do so in the future is uncertain and cannot be predicted._** 

In response to the global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, public health officials and governmental authorities 

26 

took measures, including in India where our operations are based, such as prohibiting people from assembling in large numbers, instituting quarantines, restricting travel, issuing “stay-at-home” and curfew orders and restricting the types of businesses that could continue to operate. In India, lockdowns, curfews and other restrictions were imposed, extended and lifted to varying degrees since March 2020. Despite the lifting of such restrictions in general, there remains uncertainty regarding the duration and long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as possible future responses by the Government, which makes it impossible for us to predict with certainty the impact that COVID-19 may have on our business and operations in the future. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has affected and may continue to affect our business, results of operations and financial condition in a number of ways such as: 

- the closure of all our offices and branches for April 2020 and part of May 2020 and transition to workfrom-home models. We resumed operations at our offices and branches in a staggered manner by September 2020 in compliance with the lockdown restrictions and central and state government guidelines, and have since returned to full-scale operations; 

- the RBI, pursuant to its circulars dated March 27, 2020, April 17, 2020 and May 23, 2020 announced certain regulatory measures, including, among others, to mitigate the burden of debt servicing brought about by disruptions on account of the COVID-19 pandemic and to ensure the continuity of viable businesses; in furtherance of these circulars and in line with our Board approved policy, we granted a fivemonth moratorium to all customers who were less than or equal to 90 days-past-due (“ **DPD** ”) as of March 31, 2020 (i.e., to those customers who were not 90+ DPD, which is deemed a Stage 3 Asset, in respect of instalments falling due between April 1, 2020 and August 31, 2020; the RBI also clarified that for all standard accounts as on February 29, 2020, moratorium period will be excluded from DPD calculation for the purpose of asset classification under the IRAC norms; the moratorium was granted by us to 141,251 loans with a principal outstanding as of March 31, 2020 of ₹38,387.5 million (or 98.63% of the total principal outstanding as of March 31, 2020). During the period of moratorium, there was a DPD standstill and the moratorium period was excluded from DPD calculation for the purpose of asset classification. Post the end of the moratorium period on August 31, 2020, the DPD movement re-commenced and the borrowers moved buckets depending on their payment behaviour; 

- a decline in general economic and business activity during the Financial Year 2021, which resulted in a reduction in our disbursements from ₹24,086.69 million for the Financial Year 2020 to ₹12,450.54 million for the Financial Year 2021. In addition, during the months of March, April and May of 2020, our collection efficiency was 84.86%, 50.95% and 73.19%, respectively (collection efficiency for April and May 2020 computed assuming monthly instalment dues for all borrowers despite the grant of moratorium by us to all our customers who were standard as at March 31, 2020); 

- to support micro, small and medium enterprises (“ **MSMEs** ”), the Government of India announced an Emergency Credit Line Guarantee Scheme (“ **ECLGS** ”) under which banks and NBFCs were allowed to extend incremental credit of up to 20% of the loans outstanding of MSMEs as on February 29, 2020, subject to these accounts not being delinquent as on February 29, 2020. Such incremental credit was fully guaranteed by the government. This scheme was amended to enhance the limits under the scheme and to include additional sectors under the ambit of the scheme. Our borrowers preferred moratorium on instalment dues over incremental credit to endure their temporary cash flow issues and as such, we chose to grant moratorium benefit to all our customers who were “standard” as of March 31, 2020. We have not provided any incremental credit under ECLGS to any of our borrowers; 

- the RBI, pursuant to its circular dated August 6, 2020, had also allowed a one-time restructuring of loans impacted by COVID-19 to help lenders and customers reschedule repayment of instalments based on customers’ present income and restoration of income in subsequent months; the restructuring will limit the potential increase in Stage 3 Gross Term Loans out of restructured loan accounts till a revised repayment schedule is agreed with such customers; these restructured accounts might become Stage 3 Gross Term Loans if customers fail to make payments as per the restructured schedule; we have not granted any restructuring of loans to any of our customers as part of this restructuring plan; 

- the Government of India, Ministry of Finance, through its notification dated October 23, 2020, announced COVID-19 Relief Scheme for grant of ex-gratia payment of difference between the compound interest and simple interest for six months to borrowers in specified loan accounts (the “ **Scheme** ”), as per the eligibility criteria and other aspects specified therein and irrespective of whether RBI moratorium was availed or not. We implemented the Scheme in accordance with the requirements of the notification and credited to the accounts of or remitted amounts to the eligible borrowers as per the Scheme. Accordingly, we credited an amount of ₹93.53 million to the borrower accounts and claimed the same amount from the Government of 

27 

India; 

- by way of a circular dated April 7, 2021 on ‘Asset Classification and Income Recognition following the Expiry of COVID-19 regulatory Package’, the RBI advised that all lending institutions were required to put in place a board-approved policy to refund / adjust the ‘interest on interest’ charged to the borrowers during the moratorium period, i.e., March 1, 2020 to August 31, 2020; the above reliefs were applicable to all borrowers, including those who availed working capital facilities during the moratorium period, irrespective of whether moratorium had been fully or partially availed, or not availed. Further, lending institutions were to disclose the aggregate amount to be refunded/adjusted in respect of their borrowers based on the above reliefs in their financial statements for the year ending March 31, 2021; pursuant to these guidelines, we formulated a Board-approved policy for the refund of ‘interest on interest’, in line with which an amount of ₹114.43 million was credited to borrower accounts, which was disclosed in our financial statements; 

- by way of circulars dated May 5, 2021 on ‘Resolution Framework 2.0 – Resolution of COVID-19 Related Stress of Individuals and Small Businesses’ (the “ **May 5 Circular** ”), RBI advised that banks and NBFCs could restructure loans up to ₹250 million under the resolution framework 2.0. Individuals and small businesses with a ‘standard asset’ classification as of March 31, 2021, could approach the lenders to help ease the parameters of repayment provided, _inter alia_ , that the borrower’s account had not been restructured in terms of the circulars DOR.No.BP.BC/4/21.04.048/2020-21 dated August 6, 2020; DOR. No.BP.BC. 34/21.04.048/ 2019-20 dated February 11, 2020; or DBR.No.BP.BC. 18/21.04.048/ 2018-19 dated January 1, 2019 (collectively, the “ **Restructuring Circulars** ”). Upon implementation of the restructuring plan, lenders were required to maintain a provision of 10% of the residual debt of the borrower. The last day for the invocation of the resolution process was September 30, 2021. Thereafter, the resolution plan was implemented within 90 days. Further, through a circular dated June 4, 2021, the RBI enhanced the above limit of ₹250 million to ₹500 million, provided that the borrower’s account had not been restructured in terms of the May 5 Circular or the Restructuring Circulars. No resolution plan was granted to any of our borrowers for the Financial Year 2021. However, as of June 30, 2021, the resolution plan was implemented on 1.87% of our loan portfolio, computed as the value of restructured loans as of March 31, 2021 as a percentage of the total Gross Term Loans, as of March 31, 2021 (or in absolute amount, the value of restructured loans was ₹830.52 million as of March 31, 2021), as compared to 1.34% or ₹710.62 million and 1.46% or ₹738.02 million as of June 30, 2022 and March 31, 2022, respectively; 

- with the onset of the “second wave” of COVID-19 during the first quarter of Financial Year 2022, we experienced an adverse impact on our business and collections operations, with our disbursals during the first quarter of Financial Year 2022 reducing to ₹3,331.60 million compared to ₹6,618.81 million during the fourth quarter of Financial Year 2021. Furthermore, due to impact of the “second wave” on borrower cashflows leading to a temporary inability on their part to make payment of their EMI dues, during the first half of Financial Year 2022, in line with our Board approved policy, we restructured 1.87% of our loan portfolio, computed as the Gross Term Loans of restructured loans as of March 31, 2021 as a percentage of the total Gross Term Loans, as of March 31, 2021 (2,655 borrowers in the first quarter of Financial Year 2022; and 45 borrowers in the second quarter of Financial Year 2022). We restructured such loans based on borrowers requesting assistance and also based on us contacting certain borrowers that showed early signs of overdues. Restructuring was provided in the form of moratorium for all dues falling between April 1, 2021 and September 30, 2021. For the first quarter of Financial Year 2022, our average monthly collection efficiency dropped to 89.33% (calculated using instalment dues for nonrestructured loans only) and our Stage 3 Gross Term Loans and Stage 3 Gross Term Loans (net) increased during the same period from 1.02% and 0.83%, respectively as of March 31, 2021, to 1.64% and 1.03%, respectively, as of June 30, 2021. However, with the easing of the impact of “second wave” and a consequent improvement in borrower cashflows, our collections efficiency has improved, and we recorded collections efficiency of 102.04%*, 98.22%*, 101.45%* and 99.17%* for the quarters ended September 30, 2021, December 31, 2021, March 31, 2022 and June 30, 2022, respectively _(* As certified by R P S V & Co., Independent Chartered Accountant, pursuant to their certificate dated November 1, 2022)_ ; 

- our customers, who are individuals primarily belonging to low and middle-income groups, typically lack traditional evidence of income, may have less financial wherewithal than other borrowers and may default on their repayment obligations; 

- the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our future results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could adversely impact our ability to service our debt obligations and comply with the covenants in our credit facilities and other financing agreements and could result in events of default and the acceleration of indebtedness, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition and our ability to make additional borrowings; and 

28 

- our Previous Statutory Auditor included an emphasis of matter in their auditor’s report on the financial statements for the Financial Years 2021 and 2020 in this regard. 

Our inability to access debt and equity capital on acceptable terms, or at all, may affect our access to capital and other sources of capital necessary to fund our operations or address maturing liabilities on a timely basis. For instance, the “first wave” of COVID-19 had an impact on our ability to procure capital from banks and financial institutions putting all of our borrowing proposals on hold and resulting in a reduction in our liquidity position as of March 31, 2020. 

Since the initial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations, our overall operational and financial metrices have improved and we are of the view that the COVID-19 pandemic no longer has a material impact on our business and operations. Moreover, in light of the dynamic nature of the COVID-19 pandemic, we continue to monitor future events and developments that may result in an adverse effect on our business. The impact of any future waves of COVID-19 pandemic, including the “third wave” and new variants, on our operations and financial metrics will depend on the future developments of, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted, including: (i) any new information as to the scope, severity, and duration of the pandemic or the efficacy of vaccines in relation to subsequent waves or variants; (ii) any actions taken by governments, the RBI and other authorities, businesses and individuals in response to any future waves or developments of the COVID-19 pandemic; and (iii) the effect on customer demand, and their ability to repay the principal amount or interest, for our products; and therefore, our prior financial results are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for future periods. Any intensification of the COVID-19 pandemic or any future outbreak of another highly infectious or contagious disease may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, as COVID-19 had adversely affected our business and results of operations, it may have follow-on effects of exacerbating many of the other risks described in this “ _Risk Factors_ ” section, such as those relating to non-payment or default by borrowers, our levels of indebtedness and our ability to comply with the covenants contained in the agreements that govern our indebtedness. Further, the outbreak, or threatened outbreak, of any severe communicable disease or pandemic, as seen in the recent outbreak and aftermath of COVID-19, could adversely affect overall business sentiment and environment across industries. 

# **7.** **_Any failure or significant weakness of our internal processes or systems could cause operational errors or incidents of fraud, which would adversely affect our business, profitability and reputation._** 

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls commensurate with the size and complexity of operations. In addition to the operational and process controls, we have also built necessary controls over financial reporting to ensure that our financial statements reflect a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company. Such controls over financial reporting are also tested by an Independent Chartered Accountant on a periodic basis. Additionally, our internal audit functions make an evaluation of the adequacy and effectiveness of internal systems on an ongoing basis so that business units adhere to our policies, compliance requirements and internal guidelines. While we periodically test and update our internal processes and systems, following internal and external reviews, we are exposed to operational risks arising from the potential inadequacy or failure of internal processes or systems, and our actions may not be sufficient to ensure effective internal checks and balances in all circumstances. For example, in 2019, the RBI, in its inspection report for Financial Year 2019, identified an inadequate institutional risk management structure in light of our business growth during Financial Year 2019. Such inadequacies included too few Risk Management Committee meetings during the period and the fact we had not prepared a risk profile considering the business and external environment in which we operate, among others. Moreover, on May 9, 2022, in its inspection report for Financial Year 2021, the RBI imposed a risk mitigation plan which included processes to address observations in its inspection reports such as comprehensively reviewing our credit policy, post sanction monitoring of borrowers, and categorizing our customers according to their risk. In addition, the RBI identified an instance of fraud at one of our branches being reported to the RBI with a delay of 45 days instead of the stipulated timeline of 21 days. 

Our management information systems and internal procedures that are designed to monitor our operations and overall compliance may not identify every instance of non-compliance or every suspicious transaction. If internal system or process weaknesses are identified, our actions may not be sufficient to correct such weakness. Failures or material errors in our internal systems may lead to deal errors, pricing errors, inaccurate financial reporting, fraud and failure of critical systems and infrastructure. During the three months ended June 30, 2022, and in the Financial Years 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded one, three, one and three instances of frauds, respectively, for values of ₹3.11 million, ₹1.13 million, ₹0.10 million and ₹3.30 million, respectively. Such instances may also adversely affect our reputation, business and results of operations. While we have been able to detect and recover all these amounts, we cannot assure you that that we would be able to prevent frauds in the future or that our existing internal mechanisms to detect or prevent fraud will be sufficient. Any fraud discovered in the future may have an adverse effect on our business, profitability and reputation. 

29 

# **8.** **_Any downgrade in our credit ratings could increase our borrowing costs, affect our ability to obtain financing, and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The cost and availability of capital depends in part on our short-term and long-term credit ratings. Credit ratings reflect the opinions of ratings agencies on our financial strength, operating performance, strategic position and ability to meet our obligations. For details of our current credit ratings, see “ _Our Business – Credit Ratings_ ” on page 196. Any downgrade in our credit ratings could increase borrowing costs, result in an event of default under certain of our financing arrangements and adversely affect our access to capital and debt markets, which could in turn adversely affect our interest margins, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, any downgrade in our credit ratings could result in a recall of existing facilities, increase the probability that our lenders impose additional terms and conditions to any financing or refinancing arrangements we enter into in the future, impair our future issuances of debt and equity, and our ability to raise new capital on a competitive basis, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition, our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. While S&P Global Ratings (“ **S&P** ”) and Moody’s currently have a stable outlook, Fitch has a negative outlook on their sovereign rating for India. The ratings agencies may lower their sovereign ratings for India or the outlook on such ratings, which would also impact our ratings. India’s sovereign rating improved from Baa3 with a “negative” outlook to Baa3 with a “stable” outlook by Moody’s in October 2021 and was affirmed to be BBB- with a “negative” outlook by Fitch in November 2021; and DBRS confirmed India’s rating as BBB “low” in May 2022. India’s sovereign rating from S&P is BBB- with a “stable” outlook. 

There can be no assurance that these ratings will not be further revised or changed by S&P, Fitch or Moody’s or that any of the other global rating agencies will not downgrade India’s credit rating. Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely affect the Company’s ratings or terms on which the Company is able to finance future capital expenditure. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms or at all and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares _._ 

# **9.** **_Some of our corporate records, including those relating to allotments of our Equity Shares in the past, are not traceable._** 

Certain of our corporate records in relation to certain allotments of Equity Shares, namely the Form-2 filed with the Registrar of Companies in relation to each such allotments made by our Company since incorporation until July 31, 2009, along with the relevant attachments including approvals obtained from the statutory authorities, where applicable, and the memorandum of association filed at the time of incorporation of the Company, are not traceable in the historical records maintained by our Company, or at the MCA Portal maintained by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and the Registrar of Companies, despite conducting internal searches and engaging an independent practicing company secretary to conduct the search. The details of our document-wise search and status report is as follows: 

1. Form 1 for allotment dated May 7, 1984; 

2. Form 2 for the allotments between July 16, 1984 and July 31, 2009; and 

3. Form 5 for sub division of equity shares from ₹100 each to equity shares of face value of ₹10 each dated July 29, 1992. 

For details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 66. 

Accordingly, reliance has been placed on confirmations provided by us in respect of the missing corporate records and appropriate disclosures have been made in this Red Herring Prospectus pursuant to the due diligence of the other relevant corporate records available with our Company including the minutes of meetings of the Board and Shareholders (to the extent available), register of members and register of transfer of equity shares to ascertain the information sought from the missing corporate records. 

While no legal proceedings or regulatory action has been initiated against us in relation to the unavailable filings and statutory lapses as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we cannot assure you that such proceedings or regulatory actions will not be initiated against us in the future in relation to the missing filings and corporate records. The actual amount of the penalty which may be imposed or loss which may be suffered by us cannot be ascertained at this stage and depends on the circumstances of any potential action which may be brought against us. We cannot assure you that any such proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or reputation. 

30 

# **10.** **_A substantial portion of our customers are first time borrowers which increases risks of non-payment or default for us._** 

We have customers who are first-time borrowers from the formal secured lending ecosystem. As of June 30, 2022, 30.42% of our customers were new to the lending ecosystem. Such customers generally may have higher risk of nonpayment or default due to a number of reasons such as not having the experience of payment of interest and repayment of principal, as well as other reasons applicable to our other customers such as business failure, insolvency, lack of liquidity, loss of employment or personal emergencies such as the death of an income-generating family member, including on account of events such as the COVID-19 pandemic. Of such first-time borrowers, during the three months ended June 30, 2022 and the Financial Years 2022, ₹123.00 million, or 0.23% of our total Gross Term Loans and ₹109.92 million, or 0.22% of our total Gross Term Loans experienced default (i.e. were in the 90+ DPD category), respectively. To the extent we are unable to successfully manage the risks associated with lending to customers new to credit, it may become difficult for us to recover outstanding loan amounts (including interest) provided to such customers. We cannot assure you that our risk management controls will be sufficient to prevent future losses on account of customer defaults and hence increasing our Stage 3 Gross Term Loans (net) and adversely affecting our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **11.** **_Our liquidity may be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic which may affect our ability to continue to operate and grow our business._** 

There is no guarantee that we and the Indian financial services industry in general, notwithstanding measures taken by the Government, will be able to maintain sufficient liquidity given the uncertain scope and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic. We fund substantially all of the loans through borrowings under our several financial facilities. As of June 30, 2022, our fixed interest rate financial liabilities and floating interest rate financial liabilities were ₹15,289.10 million and ₹9,914.09 million, representing 60.66% and 39.34% of our Total Borrowings, respectively. Given the broad impact of COVID-19 on the financial markets, our ability to borrow money to fund our current and future customer demand is uncertain. Our liquidity could also be affected as our lenders reassess their exposure to NBFCs and either curtail access to financing facilities or impose higher costs to access such facilities. Our liquidity may be further constrained as there may be less demand by investors to acquire our loans in the secondary market. Even if such demand exists, we face a higher risk as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic stemming from our customers inability to repay the underlying loans. Our average daily disbursement (calculated as total disbursements during the period divided by days in the period/year, day convention being 360 days in a year) during the three months ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 and the Financial Years 2022, 2021 and 2020 was ₹63.16 million, ₹37.02 million, ₹48.78 million, ₹34.58 million and ₹66.91 million, respectively, while our average daily collections (calculated as total collections during the period inclusive of EMI collections, prepayments and collection of other charges, divided by days in the period) during the same periods was ₹70.23 million, ₹50.97 million, ₹61.07 million, ₹45.69 million and ₹33.64 million, respectively. Further, if as a consequence of COVID-19, banks and NBFCs are unable to meet their market commitments, this could affect investor confidence in NBFCs generally and result in a loss of investors in NBFCs. A liquidity shortage for the industry as a whole may adversely affect our cash flows. 

# **12.** **_We are affected by volatility in interest rates for both our lending and treasury operations, which could cause our net interest income (“NII”) and net interest margin (“NIM”) to vary and consequently affect our profitability, result of operations and cash flows._** 

Our results of operations depend substantially on the level of our net interest income, which is the difference between our interest income and our finance cost. Any change in interest rates would affect our interest expense on our floating interest-bearing liabilities as well as our NII and NIM. Any increase in our cost of funds may lead to a reduction in our NIM, or require us to increase interest rates on loans disbursed to customers in the future to maintain our NIM. For the three months ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 and the Financial Years 2022, 2021 and 2020, our NIM was 19.17%, 16.63%, 17.68%, 16.00% and 16.69%, respectively. 

Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond our control, including the monetary policies of the RBI, deregulation of the financial sector in India, domestic and international economic and political conditions and other macro and micro economic factors, which have historically resulted in changes in interest rates in India. Moreover, if there is an increase in the interest rates we pay on our borrowings that we are unable to pass to our customers, we may find it difficult to compete with our competitors, who may have access to low-cost funds. As of June 30, 2022, our fixed interest rate financial liabilities and floating interest rate financial liabilities were ₹15,289.10 million and ₹9,914.09 million, representing 60.66% and 39.34% of our Total Borrowings, respectively. All of our loan portfolio is at fixed rates of interest and we may be unable to pass on any increase in our cost of borrowings to our customers. Further, to the extent our borrowings are linked to market interest rates, we may have to pay interest at a higher rate than our competitors that may borrow at fixed interest rates. An increase in general interest rates in the economy could also reduce the overall demand for small business finance, increase our Stage 3 Gross Term Loans and impact our growth. An increase in interest rates could result in a reduction in our NII and NIM since we will not be able to pass 

31 

on the increased interest rate to our existing borrowers. In a declining interest rate environment, some of our customers may prepay their loans to take advantage of such a declining interest rate environment. 

The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, financial liabilities according to fixed and floating interest rates, for the Company: 

||**Th**|**Fixed Rat**<br>**h dd**|**e Financial Li**|**abilities**|**As of and f**|**or the**<br>**Th**|**Floating Rate**<br>**h dd**|**Financial L**|**iabilities**||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**ree mon**<br>**June**|**s ene**<br>**30,**|**Fi**|**nancial Year**||**ree mon**<br>**June**|**s ene**<br>**30,**|**Fin**|**ancial Year**||
||**2022**|**2021**|**2022**|**2021**|**2020**|**2022**|**2021**|**2022**|**2021**|**2020**|
||||||**_(₹ in milli_**|**_ons)_**|||||
|Private sector banks|2,469.93|4,357.40|2,819.76|4,868.11|2,104.76|4,830.36|3,625.36|4,498.82|4,213.13|2,603.78|
|Public sector banks|1,425.24|3,866.42|1,683.34|5,205.71|—|4,427.71|4,565.97|3,587.05|3,572.16|3,638.99|
|NBFCs|3,000.98|6,451.97|3,570.41|7,311.86|4,473.75|656.02|382.91|726.59|1,193.54|535.35|
|Mutual Funds|1,501.27|2,001.69|2,002.26|2,002.02|6,918.10|—|—|—|—|—|
|Insurance Companies|—|—|—|—|—|—|—|—|—|—|
|Others|6,891.68|5,960.46|6,700.08|5,850.56|3,362.05|—|—|—|34.88|0.15|
|**Total**|**15,289.10**|**22,637.94**|**16,775.85**|**25,238.26**|**16,858.66**|**9,914.09**|**8,574.24**|**8,812.46**|**9,013.71**|**6,778.27**|



|**Particulars**|**Three mon**|**Fixed**<br>**hs ended**|**Rate Borrow**|**ings **|**As of an**|**d for the**<br>**Three mon**|**Floatin**<br>**hs ended**|**g rate borro**|**wings **||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||<br>**June**|<br>**30,**|**Fi**|**nancial Year**||<br>**June**|<br>**30,**|**F**|**inancial Year**||
||**2022**|**2021**|**2022**|**2021**|**2020**|**2022**|**2021**|**2022**|**2021**|**2020**|
|**Debt Securities**|||||||||||
|NCDs|9,474.05|12,238.38|10,085.34|13,037.78|10,788.64|—|—|—|—|—|
|**_Borrowings (other than_**<br>**_Debt Securities)_**|||||||||||
|**Fund based facilities**|||||||||||
|Term Loans from Banks|875.76|1,758.07|995.14|1,990.65|1,462.95|8,495.86|6,924.88|7,143.22|7,769.93|6,242.92|
|Term Loans from NBFCs|748.87|2,401.62|873.67|1,846.75|1,229.78|656.02|382.91|726.59|1,243.78|535.35|
|Cash Credit|—|—|—|—|—|15.37|—|75.77|—|—|
|Securitization|3,402.52|6,239.87|4,074.60|8,363.08|3,377.29|746.84|1,266.45|866.88|—|—|
|Others|787.90|—|747.10|—|—|—|—|—|—|—|
|**Total indebtedness (on a**<br>**consolidated basis)**|**15,289.10**|**22,637.94**|**16,775.85**|**25,238.26**|**16,858.66**|**9,914.09**|**8,574.24**|**8,812.46**|**9,013.71**|**6,778.27**|



Fluctuations in interest rates may also adversely affect our treasury operations. In a rising interest rate environment, especially if the rise is sudden or sharp, we could be adversely affected by the decline in the market value of our fixed income investments. However, in a declining interest rate environment, our NII could decline due to a reduction in yield from our fixed income investments. Our inability to effectively and efficiently manage interest rate variations and our failure to pass on increased interest rates on our borrowings may cause our NII to decline, which would decrease our return on assets and could adversely affect our business, result of operations and financial condition. 

# **13.** **_We may face asset-liability mismatches, which could affect our liquidity and consequently may adversely affect our operations, cash flows and profitability._** 

We face potential liquidity risks because our assets and liabilities mature over different periods. Asset and liability mismatch (“ **ALM** ”), which represents a situation when the financial terms of an institution’s assets and liabilities do not match, is a key financial parameter for us. We carefully monitor the contractual maturity periods of our assets and liabilities and categorize them on the basis of the number of years in which they mature. Although we had a positive asset-liability position as of June 30, 2022 across various maturities and had no cumulative ALM up to the five years maturity, we cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to maintain a favourable asset-liability maturity profile in the future. We meet a significant portion of our financing requirements through term loans and working capital facilities; proceeds from loans securitized; proceeds from the issuance of NCDs; and principal protected market linked debentures from banks, financial institutions, mutual funds, and other domestic and international development financial institutions. Any ALM in the maturity profile may lead to a liquidity risk and have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows and results of operations. See “ _Selected Statistical Information_ ” on page 254. 

# **14.** **_Our operations are primarily focused in the states of Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana and Karnataka and any adverse developments in these regions could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Our operations are primarily focused in the states of Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana and Karnataka. Such key states collectively account for approximately 85% of our branch network as of June 30, 2022. As of June 30, 2022, 

32 

₹20,172.11 million, or 38.09% of our Gross Term Loans, ₹15,770.01 million, or 29.77% of our Gross Term Loans, ₹10,325.80 million, or 19.50% of our Gross Term Loans, and ₹3,793.47 million, or 7.16% of our Gross Term Loans were attributable to Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana and Karnataka, respectively. As of March 31, 2022, ₹19,676.87 million, or 38.84%, ₹14,843.29 million, or 29.29% of our Gross Term Loans, ₹9,734.44 million, or 19.22% of our Gross Term Loans, ₹3,680.78 million, or 7.26% of our Gross Term Loans were attributable to Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana and Karnataka, respectively. Any significant social, political or economic disruption, or natural calamities or civil disruptions in these regions, or changes in the policies of the state or local governments of these regions or the Government of India, could disrupt our business operations, require us to incur significant expenditure and/or change our business strategies. The occurrence of, or our inability to, effectively respond to any such event, could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **15.** **_Our inability to recover the full value of collateral, or amounts outstanding under defaulted loans in a timely manner, or at all, could adversely affect our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We provide secured loans to small business owners and self-employed individuals, as well as small mortgage loans to fund certain significant economic events in our customers lives, where the primary collateral is typically land and building of between ₹0.1 million to ₹1.0 million in value. While all of our loans are secured, as of June 30, 2022, June 30, 2021, March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020, the average loan-to-value ratio of our loans (weighted for the loans outstanding) was 36.66%, 36.05%, 36.45%, 36.02% and 36.15%, respectively. The value of the collateral, however, may decline during the term of the loan for a variety of reasons, including due to adverse market conditions prevalent in the real estate sector. As a result, although we have not repossessed and sold any property for the three months ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, and the Financial Years 2022, 2021 and 2020, and generally have not had to do so, if our customers default in future, we may not be able to fully recover the outstanding loan balance by liquidating the collateral under the relevant financing facility, and, in turn, incur losses, even where we are able to successfully repossess and liquidate the collateral. 

While we have been able to recover principal and interest from a majority of our defaulting customers in the past without having to repossess their collateral, we cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to recover principal and interest in the future without having to repossess collateral, and even if we do, we cannot assure you that we will be able to liquidate the collateral to recover the full amounts due to us. Any failure to recover the expected value of collateral security could expose us to a potential loss. 

We may also encounter difficulties in repossessing and liquidating collateral. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully repossess and sell the collateral in the event of default under a loan agreement. We may also face challenges in title verification of the collateral provided by the customer, as there is no central land registry in India and title to the property can be disputed, including on account of local land records not being duly updated, or not being maintained in a legible manner, or only being available in the local vernacular languages, as well as on account of actual or alleged short payment of stamp duty or registration fees (which may render the title documents inadmissible in evidence, unless stamped prior to enforcement with payment of requisite penalties). Moreover, we may also not be able to sell the collateral at a price sufficient to cover the amount owed under the financing facility, or at all. We may face additional delay and expense in conducting an auction to sell the collateral and may face significant delay in repossessing collateral, as litigation against defaulting customers, even if governed by an arbitration clause, can be slow and expensive in India. In the event of any inability or delay in the repossession and liquidation of the collateral securing loans in default, we may incur losses, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **16.** **_Our inability to maintain our capital adequacy ratio could adversely affect our business._** 

The RBI Master Directions currently require NBFCs to comply with a capital to risk (weighted) assets ratio, or capital risk adequacy ratio (“ **CRAR** ”), consisting of Tier I and Tier II capital. Under these requirements, Tier I and Tier II capital should not be less than 15% of the sum of the NBFC’s risk-weighted assets on-balance sheet and of risk adjusted value of off-balance sheet items, as applicable. Further, we are required to maintain a CRAR consisting of Tier I and Tier II capital, which shall not be less than 15% of our aggregate risk weighted assets on-balance sheet and of risk adjusted value of off-balance sheet items. In addition, our Tier I capital, at any point in time, shall not be less than 10%. For details, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 205. 

As of June 30, 2022, our CRAR as derived from the Restated Financial Information was 69.93%, with Tier I capital comprising 69.93% and Tier II capital comprising NIL%. For a comparison of our CRAR versus our compared peers according to CRISIL, see “ _Industry Overview — Peer Benchmarking — Five Star has the second highest Capital Adequacy ratio amongst the compared peers as of March 2022_ ” on page 171. As we continue to grow our loan portfolio and asset base we will be required to raise additional Tier I and Tier II capital in order to remain in compliance with the applicable CRARs. Further, the RBI may increase its minimum CRAR threshold, which may require us to raise additional capital. 

33 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to raise adequate additional capital in the future on terms favorable to us, or at all, which may adversely affect the growth of our business. Further, the RBI may also in the future require compliance with other prudential norms and standards, which may require us to alter our business and accounting practices or take other actions that could adversely affect our business and operating results. 

# **17.** **_We have experienced significant growth in recent years and we may not be able to sustain such growth in the future._** 

We have experienced considerable growth in recent years and we have significantly expanded our operations and branch network. Our total income grew from ₹7,873.47 million for the Financial Year 2020 to ₹12,561.69 million for the Financial Year 2022, and was ₹3,390.59 million for the three months ended June 30, 2022), while our profit for the period / year grew from ₹2,619.51 million for the Financial Year 2020 to ₹4,535.45 million for the Financial Year 2022, and was ₹1,394.33 million for the three months ended June 30, 2022. Our Gross Term Loans grew from ₹38,922.28 million as of March 31, 2020 to ₹52,965.35 million as of June 30, 2022 and the number of our branches has grown from 252 to 311 as of the same dates. However, we cannot assure you that our growth strategy will continue to be successful or that we will be able to continue to grow further, or at the same rate. 

Our inability to manage our expansion effectively and execute our growth strategy in a timely manner, or within budget estimates could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our ability to execute our growth strategies will depend, among other things, on our ability to identify key target markets correctly, manage our pricing to compete effectively, and scale up and grow our network efficiently. We will also need to manage relationships with a greater number of customers, service providers, lenders and other parties as we expand. 

In order to manage our growth effectively, we must implement, upgrade and improve our operational systems, processes, procedures and controls in a timely manner. If we fail to implement these systems, processes, procedures and controls in a timely manner, we may not be able to meet our customers’ needs, hire and retain new employees or operate our business effectively. Our ability to sustain our rate of growth also depends significantly upon our ability to select and retain key managerial personnel (“ **KMP** ”), maintaining effective risk management policies and training managerial personnel to address emerging challenges. Further, a number of external factors beyond our control could also affect our ability to continue to grow our business and loan portfolio, such as demand for small business loans in India, business and domestic economic growth, the RBI’s monetary and regulatory policies, RBI Master Directions, inflation, competition and availability of cost-effective debt and equity capital. 

We cannot assure you that our existing or future management, operational and financial systems, processes, procedures and controls will be adequate to support future operations, or establish or develop business relationships beneficial to future operations. Failure to manage growth effectively could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

# **18.** 

# **_We have had negative net cash flows in the past and may continue to have negative cash flows in the future._** 

The following table sets forth our net cash flows for the periods / years indicated: 

||**For the thr**<br>**endedJ **<br>|**ee months**<br>**une 30,**<br>|**For th**<br>|**e Financial**<br>|**Year**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2022**|**2021**|**2022**|**2021**|**2020**|
|||**_(₹_**|**_in millions)_**|||
|Net cash from /(used in)operatingactivities|(1,745.69)|58.86|(2,771.59)|(1,572.67)|(15,232.80)|
|Net cash from /(used in)investingactivities|306.31|(4,775.50)|(3,838.85)|1,021.41|(1,319.34)|
|Net cash from /(used in)financingactivities|(596.59)|1,882.19|70.24|10,325.30|17,253.36|
|**Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents**|**(2,035.97)**|**(2,834.45)**|**(6,540.20)**|**9,774.04**|**701.22**|



Negative cash flows represent net decrease in cash and cash equivalents, as it is deployed in assets such as Gross Term Loans or investments. Negative cash flows in relation to operating activities are primarily attributable to increases in term loans on account of increased loan disbursals for each of the relevant periods. Negative cash flows in relation to investing activities are primarily attributable to amounts deployed in investments, including fixed deposits with original maturity of more than three months. 

For further details, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on page 346. We cannot assure you that our net cash flow will be positive in the future. 

# **19.** **_The Indian small business finance industry is highly competitive and our inability to compete effectively could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

The small business finance industry in India is highly competitive and we compete with unorganized money lenders, friends and family members, certain larger NBFCs and HFCs, NBFCs that also offer loans for business purposes but backed for property (in particular self–occupied residential property (“ **SORP** ”), as well as certain microfinance entities 

34 

and small finance banks, in geographies in which we operate. Consistent with developments over the years, we may also see the entrance of new competitors. Our competitors may have more resources, a wider branch and distribution network, access to cheaper capital, superior technology and may have a better understanding of and relationships with customers in these markets. This may make it easier for competitors to expand and to achieve economies of scale to a greater extent. In addition, our competitors may be able to rely on the reach of affiliated group companies or other banks. Competition in our industry also depends on, among other things, the evolution of government policies relating to the industry (including interest rate deregulation and other liberalization measures), the entry of new participants, and the extent to which there is a consolidation among banks and financial institutions in India and we expect competition to intensify in the future. See “ _Our Business – Description of our Business – Competition_ ” on page 202. 

Our ability to compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to maintain or increase our margins. Our margins are affected in part by our ability to continue to secure low-cost capital, and charge optimum interest rates at which we lend to our customers. Consequently, our ability to maintain or increase our margins will be dependent on our ability to pass on increases in the interest rates on our interest-bearing liabilities to our customers. Moreover, any increases in the interest rates on the loans we extend may also result in a decrease in business. We cannot assure you that we will be able to react effectively to these or other market developments or compete effectively with new and existing players in the increasingly competitive small business finance industry. If we are unable to compete effectively, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

# **20.** **_Our lack of success in expanding our business into new regions and markets in India or the sub-optimal performance of our new branches could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

As part of our growth strategy, we continue to evaluate opportunities to expand our business into new markets in India such as Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh. Factors such as competition, customer requirements, regulatory regimes, business practices and customs in these new markets may differ from those in our existing markets, and our experience in our existing markets may not be applicable or relevant to these new markets. In addition, as we enter new markets and geographical regions, we are likely to compete with not only other banks and financial institutions but also the local unorganized or semi-organized private financiers, who may be more familiar with local regulations, business practices and customs, and may have stronger relationships with target customers. 

# **21.** **_We may not be able to identify, monitor and manage risks or effectively implement our risk management policies._** 

The effectiveness of our risk management is affected by the quality and timeliness of available data. We have devoted significant resources to develop and implement our risk management policies and procedures and intend to continue doing so in the future. We have policies and procedures in place to measure, manage and control the various risks to which we are exposed, which include our resource planning and asset management policy, credit policy, collateral management policy, whistle blower and vigilance mechanism, fair practices code, grievance redressal policy, internal guidelines on corporate governance, investment policy, risk management policy, IT policies and procedures, policy on resolution framework and KYC and anti-money laundering policy. Our Board of Directors, Chief Risk Officer, the Asset Liability Management Committee and Risk Management Committee review our risk management policies from time to time. We also depend on our information technology systems to assist us with our risk management functions including carrying out periodic IT audits. 

However, our policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage risks may not be fully effective. Some of our risk management processes may not be automated and subject to human error, such as the process required to assess an applicant’s cash income. Some of our methods of managing risks are based on the use of observed historical market behavior and may not accurately predict future risk exposures, which could be significantly greater than those indicated by the historical measures. In addition, as we seek to expand the scope of our operations, we also face the risk of inability to develop commensurate risk management policies and procedures. Other risk management methods depend upon an evaluation of information regarding the markets we operate in, the customers we service and certain other matters, which may not be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated in all cases. Management of operational, legal or regulatory risks requires, among other things, policies and procedures to properly record and verify a number of transactions and events. Although we have established these policies and procedures, they may not be fully effective. 

# **22.** **_Our Company is involved in certain legal and other proceedings. Any adverse outcome in such proceedings may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

<mark>In the ordinary course of business, our Company is involved in certain legal proceedings, at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and statutory, regulatory and other judicial authorities in India, and, if determined adversely, could adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. We cannot assure you that the currently outstanding legal proceedings will be decided favorably or that no further liability will arise from these claims in the future. The amounts claimed in these proceedings have been disclosed to</mark> 

35 

<mark>the extent ascertainable and include amounts claimed jointly and severally. For details, see “</mark> _<mark>Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments</mark>_ <mark>” on page 386.</mark> 

Brief details of material outstanding litigation that have been initiated by and against our Company are set forth below: 

|**Nature of cases**|**No. of cases**|**Total amount involved**<sup>**^**</sup><br>**_(₹ in millions)_**|
|---|---|---|
|**Litigation involving our Company**|||
|**_By our Company_**|||
|_Criminal cases_|47|42.43|
|_Taxproceedings _|2|4.04|
|**_Against our Company_**|||
|_Criminal cases_|6|Nil|
|**Litigation involving our Directors**|||
|**_Against our Directors_**|||
|_Criminal cases_|1|Nil|
|_Action taken by statutory and regulatory authorities_|Nil|Nil|
|**Litigation involving our Promoters**|||
|**_Against our Promoters_**|||
|_Criminal cases_|Nil|Nil|
|_Action taken by statutory and regulatory authorities_|Nil|Nil|
|_Taxproceedings _|1|Not ascertainable|



Involvement in such proceedings could divert our management’s time and attention. Further, an adverse judgment in these proceedings could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, one of our Individual Promoters, Lakshmipathy Deenadayalan, transferred 578,679 Equity Shares on December 10, 2021, however, intimation to the Stock Exchanges within 24 hours of such transfer, as required under SEBI ICDR Regulations, was delayed. In addition, the RBI identified an instance of fraud at one of our branches which was reported to the RBI after 45 days, which exceeded the stipulated timeline of 21 days. While there has been no regulatory or statutory action for such non-compliance, we cannot assure that in the future there will not be any adverse penalty or regulatory action that could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If any new developments arise, such as a change in Indian law or rulings against us by appellate courts or tribunals, we may need to make provisions in our financial statements that could increase our expenses and current liabilities. Any adverse decision in any of these proceedings may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **23.** **_We may face difficulties and incur additional expenses in operating in semi-urban and rural markets, where infrastructure may be limited._** 

We primarily serve low and middle income small business customers and self-employed customers in urban and semiurban areas in India and are increasingly serving those in rural areas where CRISIL expects faster growth in bank credit activity as financial awareness increases. In semi-urban and rural locations, infrastructure may be limited, particularly for transportation, electricity and internet bandwidth. At some of our branch offices in remote markets, we may face difficulties in conducting operations, such as accessing power facilities, transporting people and equipment, and implementing technology measures. We may also face increased costs in conducting our business and operations and implementing security measures. We cannot assure you that such costs will not increase in the future as we expand our branch network further into semi urban markets and also into rural markets, which could adversely affect our profitability. 

# **24.** **_The Indian small business finance industry is extensively regulated by the RBI and any changes in laws and regulations applicable to NBFCs such as us could have an adverse effect on our business._** 

We are registered with and our business is regulated by the RBI as an NBFC-ND-SI. As a registered NBFC-ND-SI, we are subject to stringent regulatory guidelines. We therefore require certain statutory and regulatory approvals, licenses and, registrations for operating and expanding our business. 

Applicable laws and regulations impose numerous requirements on us, including those relating to asset classification and prescribed levels of capital adequacy, reserves and provisioning. The laws and regulations governing the banking and financial services industry in India have become increasingly complex and cover a wide variety of issues, such as interest rates, liquidity, investments, ethical issues, money laundering and privacy. These laws and regulations can be amended, supplemented or changed at any time such that we may be required to redesign our activities and incur additional expenses to comply with such laws and regulations, which could adversely affect our business and our financial performance. For details, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” beginning on page 205. 

36 

We are also required to maintain certain statutory and regulatory permits and approvals for our business. From time to time, we will be required to renew such permits and approvals and obtain new permits and approvals for any proposed operations. There can be no assurance that the relevant authorities will issue any of such permits or approvals in the time frame anticipated by us, or at all. For details, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” beginning on page 390. 

# **25.** **_We are exposed to certain operational risks, in particular due to a significant portion of our collections from customers being undertaken in cash._** 

Operational risks can result from a variety of factors, including failure to obtain proper internal authorisations, improperly documented transactions, failure to adequately deal with the risks associated with significant cash collections, failure of operational and information security procedures, computer systems, software or equipment, fraud, inadequate training and employee errors. These risks are exacerbated by the high levels of responsibility we delegate to our employees and the geographically-dispersed nature of our network. 

Certain of our customers are from the semi-urban and rural markets, which carry additional risks due to limitations on infrastructure and technology. For instance, our target customers primarily deal in cash only and their income levels can vary significantly on a monthly basis, particularly around local events and festivals, and as such we have tailored our systems to accept high cash collections. For the three months ended June 30, 2022 and the Financial Years 2022, 2021 and 2020, 61.90%, 62.60%, 64.98% and 69.60% of our total collections, respectively, were in cash of which 100% were cash collections at our branches. Although we have been the subject of few instances of not material cash related fraud in the past, amounting to ₹5.11 million across 12 instances, between April 1, 2018 and June 30, 2022 (as has been reported to RBI), cash collections expose us to the risk of theft, fraud, misappropriation or unauthorized transactions by employees responsible for dealing with such cash collections. While we may endeavor to increase our non-cash collections, we cannot guarantee that we will be successful in our efforts to move towards digital collections, or that such non-cash collections would not also be subject to certain risks, such as transfers of money to incorrect loan accounts due to the lack of the requisite identifying information. Also, while we retain insurance to mitigate cash-related risks including office protection and fidelity policies, we cannot assure you that the insurance obtained by us adequately covers all risks involved or will be paid in relation to the entire amount involved, or at all. Further, we may be subject to regulatory or other proceedings in connection with any unauthorized transactions, fraud or misappropriation by our representatives and employees, which could adversely affect our goodwill. We may also be party to criminal proceedings and civil litigation related to our cash collections. 

# **26.** **_We rely significantly on our information technology systems for our business and operations and any failure, inadequacy or security breach in such systems could adversely affect our business, results of operations and reputation._** 

We use our technology platforms to assist with functions such as credit underwriting, risk management, collections, loan management and to perform data analytics. Our operations depend on our ability to process a high volume of transactions across our network of branches, which are connected through computer systems and servers to our data centre where our data is stored. As part of our growth strategy, we intend to continue to invest in technology and data analytics to build a scalable and efficient operating model / to improve customer experience, increase productivity and decrease costs. The size and complexity of our computer systems may make them potentially vulnerable to breakdowns, system integration problems, cyber-security threats such as malicious intrusion, ransomware, phishing emails, unauthorized data revision and other such computer viruses. Although we have not experienced any significant disruptions to our information technology systems in the past, including failures, data breaches, data theft, data loss, denial of service, unauthorized data revision, or failure in data integrity that led to non-compliance of regulatory directions, and a third party agency conducts an audit on our information technology systems annually, we cannot assure you that we will not encounter disruptions in the future. 

In addition, as part of our business, we store and have access to customers’ bank information, credit information and other sensitive data. Our systems are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches and other such cyber-security threats, whether by employees, or others, that could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, or the public exposure of sensitive or confidential data and personal information (including sensitive financial, private and personal information) of our customers and employees, which could result in breaches of applicable data security and privacy laws and resultant imposition of monetary penalties. Security measures could be breached by third-party actions, intrusion into our software by hackers due to software flaws or due to employee error and malfeasance. We may be required under applicable regulations to notify individuals of data security breaches involving their personal data. Although we have not experienced any data security breaches in the past (including breaches leading to compromised customer bank information, credit information and other sensitive data), any such security breaches or compromises of technology systems in the future could result in institution of legal proceedings against us and potential imposition of penalties, as well as cause our customers to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our data security measures, and in turn may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and reputation. 

37 

# **27.** **_Our Previous Statutory Auditor has included an emphasis of matter paragraph in their report on our financial statements for the Financial Years 2021 and 2020._** 

Our Previous Statutory Auditor included emphasis of matters in their report on our financial statements for the Financial Years 2021 and 2020, which describes uncertainties relating to the effects of COVID-19 pandemic on our operations.. While there was no emphasis of matter in our Statutory Auditor’s report on our financial statements for the three months ended June 30, 2022 and the Financial Year 2022, we cannot assure you that our Previous Statutory Auditor’s observations for any future financial period will not contain similar remarks, emphasis of matters or other matters including any matters required to be reported under Companies (Auditors Report) Order 2020, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

# **28.** **_Our inability to detect money-laundering and other illegal activities fully and on a timely basis may expose us to additional liability and adversely affect our business and reputation._** 

We are required to comply with applicable anti-money-laundering (“ **AML** ”) and anti-terrorism laws and other regulations in India. In the ordinary course of our operations, we run the risk of failing to comply with the prescribed KYC procedures and the consequent risk of fraud and money laundering by dishonest customers and assessment of penalties or imposition of sanctions against us for such compliance failures despite having implemented systems and controls designed to prevent the occurrence of these risks. For instance, in its inspection report dated May 9, 2022, the RBI observed that we had not carried out risk categorization for 25,923 customers as on March 31, 2021, as required by law. We have responded to this observation and have completed this activity before October 31, 2022. 

Although we believe that we have adequate internal policies, processes and systems in place to prevent and detect any AML activity and ensure KYC compliance, we cannot assure you that we will be able to fully control instances of any potential or attempted violation by other parties. 

Any inability on our part to detect such activities fully and on a timely basis, may subject us to regulatory actions including imposition of fines and penalties and adversely affect our business and reputation. 

# **29.** **_We require certain statutory and regulatory approvals for conducting our business and our inability to obtain, retain or renew them in a timely manner, or at all, may adversely affect our operations._** 

Our operations are subject to extensive government regulation and we are required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory permits and approvals under central, state and local government rules in India, generally for carrying out our business. For further details, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 390. In addition, we may apply for more approvals, including the renewal of approvals, which may expire from time to time, and approvals in the ordinary course of business. 

Some of these approvals are granted for a limited duration and are subject to numerous conditions. We cannot assure you that these approvals would not be suspended or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations, or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business. 

# **30.** **_We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information provided by our customers and our reliance on any misleading information may affect our judgment of their credit worthiness, as well as the value of and title to the collateral._** 

While deciding whether to extend credit to customers, we rely, to a significant extent, on the information furnished to us by the customers for certain key elements of the credit assessment process, including their income, assets, financial transactions and credit history. We follow the KYC guidelines prescribed by the RBI for potential customers, verify their place of business, employment and residence and also value of the proposed collateral. We may also rely on certain representations from customers as to the accuracy and completeness of that information. For ascertaining the creditworthiness of the customers and the encumbrances on the collateral provided, we may depend on the respective registrars and sub-registrars of assurances, credit information companies or credit bureaus. Our reliance on any misleading information may affect our judgement of credit worthiness of potential customers, and the value of and title to the collateral. Our risk management measures may not be adequate to prevent or deter such activities in all cases, or our employees may incorrectly assess information that has been provided, all of which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, we target self-employed small business owners who primarily belong to low and middle-income groups and such customers may not have credit histories supported by sufficient documentary evidence such as tax returns, that would enable us to accurately assess their creditworthiness. We may also not receive updated information regarding any change in the financial condition of our customers or may receive inaccurate or incomplete information as a result 

38 

of any fraudulent misrepresentation by our customers or employees. Moreover, the availability of accurate and comprehensive credit information on retail customers in India is limited, which can reduce our ability to accurately assess the credit risk. Although as part of our credit policy, we conduct credit checks of all our customers, including with credit bureaus, conduct site-visits and personal discussions, we cannot assure you that such credit information will be accurate or comprehensive. Difficulties in assessing credit risks associated with our day-to-day lending operations may lead to an increase in the level of our Stage 3 Gross Term Loans. Increases in Stage 3 Gross Term Loans could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

# **31.** **_We are dependent on a number of Key Managerial Personnel and our senior management, and the loss of, or our inability to attract or retain such persons could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our performance depends largely on the efforts and abilities of our Key Managerial Personnel, senior management, and our operational personnel. We believe that the inputs and experience of our senior management are valuable for the development of our business, operations and the strategic directions taken by our Company. We cannot assure you that these individuals will not leave us or join a competitor or that we will be able to retain such personnel or find adequate replacements in a timely manner, or at all. As of June 30, 2022, and March 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we employed 6,077, 5,675, 3,938 and 3,734 personnel, respectively, and had employee attrition rates for the three months ended June 30, 2022 and the Financial Years 2022, 2021 and 2020 of 11.16%, 40.25%, 28.06% and 28.80%, respectively, with minimal attrition within our senior management _._ We may require a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when qualified personnel terminate their employment with our Company. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting employees that our business requires. The loss of, or inability to attract or retain such persons may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. For details in relation to our Key Managerial Personnel, see “ _Our management – Key Managerial Personnel”_ on page 243. 

# **32.** **_Our operations could be adversely affected by strikes or increased wage demands by our employees or any other kind of disputes with our employees, as well as changes in labour laws._** 

As of June 30, 2022, we employed 6,077 personnel across our operations. Although we have not experienced any material employee unrest in the past, we cannot assure you that we will not experience disruptions in work due to disputes or other problems with our work force, which may adversely affect our ability to continue our business operations. Any employee unrest directed against us, could directly or indirectly prevent or hinder our normal operating activities, and, if not resolved in a timely manner, could lead to disruptions in our operations. Such employee actions are difficult or impossible for us to predict or control and any such event could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

None of our workforce is currently unionized. However, there is a risk that our employees may choose to unionize in the future. Labour unions for banking employees organize strikes, and we may in the future be affected by strikes, work stoppages or other labour disputes if any portion of our workforce were to become part of a union in the future. In the event of a labour dispute, protracted negotiations and strike action may impair our ability to carry on our dayto-day operations and, if not resolved in a timely manner, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

We are subject to several labour laws and regulations that change periodically, and we cannot assure you we will continue to be able to comply with such laws and regulations in the future. Any non-compliance by us in the future may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **33.** **_Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or may not adequately protect us against all material hazards, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We believe that the insurance coverage we maintain is reasonably adequate to cover the normal risks associated with the operation of our businesses. Our insurance policies, however, may not provide adequate coverage in certain circumstances and are subject to certain deductibles, exclusions and limits on coverage. Even if we have insurance for the incident giving rise to the loss, we may be required to pay a significant deductible on any claim for recovery of such a loss, or the amount of the loss may exceed our coverage for the loss. We cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honored fully, in part or on time, or that we have obtained sufficient insurance to cover all potential losses. For instance, we have in the past had one minor claim rejected in connection with the theft of cash in an office. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, or at acceptable cost, or at all. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage, or successful assertion of one or more large claims against us for events for which we are not insured, or for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, or which is not covered by insurance, exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, financial 

39 

condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. For details in relation to our insurance coverage, see “ _Our Business – Insurance_ ” on page 203. 

# **34.** **_Fluctuations in the market values of our investments could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition._** 

As part of our treasury management, we have formulated a board-approved investment policy in accordance with the RBI Master Directions. Our investment policy prescribes policies for investments in Government Securities/ treasury bills, liquid/ liquid plus mutual funds and fixed deposits with banks and small finance banks, subject to the overall investment limit fixed by the Board. The value of these investments depends on several factors beyond our control, including the domestic and international economic and political scenario, inflationary expectations and monetary policies. Any decline in the value of these investments may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

# **35.** **_We do not own all our branch offices, including our Registered Office and Corporate Office. Any termination or failure by us to renew the lease and license agreements in a favorable and timely manner, or at all, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Moreover, many of the lease and license agreements entered into by us may not be duly registered or adequately stamped._** 

All of our branch offices including our Registered and Corporate Office are located on leased or licensed premises. The lease deed for the Registered Office and Corporate Office is valid till November 30, 2024 and April 30, 2025 for the first floor and ground floor, respectively. The terms of the lease deed for the Registered and Corporate Office include among others rent payment, rent escalation, security deposit payment, maintenance charges, property tax and bar on sub-letting. The typical period for which leases are generally entered into by our Company for its branches ranges from eleven months to nine years. The lease agreements can be terminated, and any such termination could result in any of our offices being shifted or shut down. Some of the lease and license agreements may have expired in the ordinary course of business and we are currently involved in negotiations for the renewal of these lease and license agreements. While we have not faced major issues renewing the leases of our branch offices in the past, if these lease and license agreements are not renewed or not renewed on terms favorable to us, we may suffer a disruption in our operations or increased costs, or both, which may affect our business and results of operations. Further, our lease and license agreements are required to be adequately stamped and duly registered. Unless such documents are adequately stamped or duly registered, such documents may be rendered inadmissible as evidence in a court in India or may not be authenticated by any public officer and the same may attract penalty as prescribed under applicable law or may impact our ability to enforce these agreements legally, which may result in an adverse effect on the continuance of our operations and business. For details in relation to our premises, see “ _Our Business – Properties_ ” on page 204. 

# **36.** **_We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the equity shareholders._** 

We have entered into various transactions with related parties. While all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, in accordance with our related party transactions policy and contain commercially reasonable terms, we cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. It is likely that we may enter into related party transactions in the future. Although all related party transactions that we may enter into post-listing, will be subject to Board or Shareholder approval, as necessary under the Companies Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations, we cannot assure you that such future transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations or that we could not have achieved more favourable terms if such transactions had not been entered into with related parties. 

The summary of related party transactions of our Company for the three months ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 and the Financial Years 2022, 2021 and 2020, as per Ind AS 24 – Related Party Disclosures and as derived from our Restated Financial information, are set forth in the table below: 

|**Particulars**|**Three months**<br>**30,**<br>|**ended June**<br> <br>|**Fi**<br>|**nancial Year**<br>||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2022**|**2021**|**2022**|**2021**|**2020**|
|||**_(₹ in millions,_**<br>|**_except for per_**<br>|**_centages)_**<br>||
|Short Term Employee Benefits*|30.61|25.96|110.98|81.42|78.85|
|Post-Employment Benefits*|0.04|0.04|0.10|0.08|0.08|
|Share Based Payments|50.64|91.67|297.13|129.79|1.43|
|Director's Sitting Fees and Commission|1.86|2.02|7.11|3.20|3.05|
|Interest expenses|-|-|-|-|0.05|
|Issue of equity shares**|-|-|3.93|0.52|16.71|
|Receipt ofpendingcall moneyofpartly paid upshares|-|-|14.71|-|-|
|Receipt of share premium**|0.39|-|3,767.04|-|3,151.39|



40 

|**Particulars**|**Three months**<br>**30,**|**ended June**<br>|**Fi**|**nancial Year**||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2022**|**2021**|**2022**|**2021**|**2020**|
|||**_(₹ in millions_**|**_, except for per_**|**_centages)_**||
|Loans repaid|-|-|-|-|6.57|
|**Arithmetic aggregate absolute total (A)**|**83.54**|**119.69**|**4,201.00**|**215.01**|**3,258.13**|
|**Total Income (B)**|**3,390.59**|**3,007.55**|**12,561.69**|**10,512.55**|**7,873.47**|
|**Arithmetic aggregate absolute total to Total Income**<br>**(A/B)****_(%)_**|**2.46%**|**3.98%**|**33.44%**|**2.04%**|**41.38%**|



_*Managerial remuneration above does not include gratuity and compensated absences, since the same are provided on actuarial basis for the company as a whole and the amount attributable to the key managerial personnel cannot be ascertained separately_ . ** _Excludes shares issued pursuant to employee stock options_ . 

The above table has been derived from the table titled “ _Summary of Related Party Transactions for last three Financial Years and for the three months ended June 30, 2022_ ” set out in the section titled “ _Offer Document Summary_ ” on page 13. For details of the related party transactions see “ _Other Financial Information_ – _Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 345. 

# **37.** **_Our Promoters, Directors and KMPs have interests in us other than the reimbursement of expenses incurred (in the ordinary course of business to the nature of their duties in their capacity as Promoters, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company) and normal remuneration and benefits._** 

<mark>Our Promoters, Directors and KMP may be deemed to be interested to the extent of Equity Shares held by them, their relatives or any entity, directly or indirectly, in our Company, as well as to the extent of any dividends, bonuses or other distributions on such shareholding. Additionally, some of our Key Managerial Personnel may also be regarded as interested to the extent of associate stock options granted by our Company and which may be granted to them from time to time pursuant to the ASOPs, as applicable. For details, see “</mark> _<mark>Capital Structure</mark>_ <mark>”, “</mark> _<mark>Our Management – Interests of Directors</mark>_ <mark>” and “</mark> _<mark>Our Management – Interests of Key Managerial Personnel”</mark>_ <mark>on pages 66, 232 and 243, respectively.</mark> 

# **38.** **_Our Promoters will be able to exercise significant influence and control over our Company after this Offer and may have interests that are different from those of our other shareholders._** 

<mark>As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters, Lakshmipathy Deenadayalan, Hema Lakshmipathy, Shritha Lakshmipathy, Matrix and SCI hold 113,925,243 Equity Shares in the aggregate, representing 38.95% of the pre-Offer equity paid up share capital, considered on a fully-diluted basis, of our Company. By virtue of their shareholding, our Promoters will have the ability to exercise significant influence over our Company and our affairs and business, including the election of our Directors, the timing and payment of dividends, the adoption of and amendments to our Memorandum and Articles of Association, the approval of a merger, amalgamation or sale of our assets and the approval of most other actions requiring the approval of our Shareholders. For details in relation to nomination rights available to our Shareholders, see “</mark> _<mark>History and Certain Corporate Matters – Waiver Cum Amendment Agreement dated October 8, 2021, read along with amendment agreement dated October 6, 2022, entered into amongst the Company, Sirius II Pte. Limited, Matrix Partners India Investment Holdings II, LLC, Matrix Partners India Investments II Extension, LLC, SCI Investments V, SCI Growth Investments III, SCHF PV Mauritius Limited, EGCS Investment Holdings, Sequoia Capital Global Growth Fund III – Endurance Partners, L.P., Norwest Venture Partners X – Mauritius, TPG Asia VII SF Pte. Ltd., Lakshmipathy Deenadayalan and certain of his family members (as detailed under part A of Schedule 1 of the agreement) (“Termination Agreement”)</mark>_ <mark>” on page 226. The trading price of our Equity Shares could be adversely affected if potential new investors are disinclined to invest in Equity Shares because they perceive there to be disadvantages in our Promoters holding a significant percentage of our Equity Shares.</mark> 

# **39.** **_We may be unable to protect our brand name and other intellectual property rights which are critical to our business._** 



Our trademark name and logo “ ” is registered with the Trade Marks Registry of India. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully renew the registration in a timely manner or at all. As a result, we may not be able to prevent infringement of our trademarks and a passing off action may not provide sufficient protection until such time that this registration is granted. We may also be harmed by the actions of or negative press relating to entities which have similar names. Any unauthorized or inappropriate use of our only brand, being the ‘FiveStar’ brand, trademarks and other related intellectual property rights by others in their corporate names or product brands or otherwise could harm our brand image, competitive advantages and business, and dilute or harm our reputation and brand recognition. 

While we are not aware of any instances of infringement of our brand names or intellectual property rights, if a dispute arises with respect to any of our intellectual property rights or proprietary information, we will be required to produce 

41 

evidence to defend or enforce our claims, and we may become party to litigation, which may strain our resources and divert the attention of our management. We cannot assure you that any infringement claims that are material will not arise in the future or that we will be successful in defending any such claims when they arise. Our efforts to protect our intellectual property or proprietary information and the measures we take to identify potential infringement of our intellectual property may not be adequate to detect or prevent infringement, misappropriation or unauthorized use. Further, the application of laws governing intellectual property rights in India is continuously evolving and there may be instances of infringement or passing-off of our brand in Indian markets. Our failure to adequately protect our ‘FiveStar’ brand, trademarks and other related intellectual property rights may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We may also be subject to claims by third parties, both inside and outside India, if we breach their intellectual property rights by using taglines, names, designs, software or other such subjects, which are of a similar nature to the intellectual property these third parties may have registered. Any legal proceedings that result in a finding that we have breached third party intellectual property rights, or any settlements concerning such claims, may require us to provide financial compensation to such third parties or make changes to our marketing strategies or to the brand names of our products and services, which may have an adverse effect on our ‘Five-Star’ brand, business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For details in relation to our intellectual property, see “ _Our Business – Intellectual Property_ ” on page 202. 

# **40.** **_Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure, compliance with RBI guidelines and restrictions on payment of dividends by NBFCs, such as the possibility of the RBI imposing restrictions on us declaring dividends due to our inability to maintain certain stipulated ratios in the future, and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, Articles of Association, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements, and receipt of requisite corporate authorizations. Additionally, our ability to pay dividends may also be restricted by the terms of financing arrangements that we may enter into. For details, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 383. Dividends distributed by us will attract dividend distribution tax at rates applicable from time to time and may be subject to other requirements prescribed by the RBI. We may retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of the business. As a result, we cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. For further details, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 253. 

# **41.** **_We are exposed to risks that may arise if our customers opt for balance transfers to other banks or financial institutions._** 

We offer our customers fixed interest rate loans, the rate for which is determined primarily on the basis of our cost of borrowings, tenor of the loan sought and current market conditions. It is possible that interest rates on loans for some of our customers may be higher than the interest rates on loans being offered to these customers by our competitors. Some such customers may seek to refinance their loans through balance transfer to other banks and financial institutions. While refinancing of loans by other lenders could in certain circumstances be beneficial for our customers, it results in a loss of interest income expected from such loans over the course of their tenure and may cause us to incur increased origination costs. As competition in the small business finance sector intensifies, some of our customers may be able to find balance transfer options at comparably lower interest rates or other financing alternatives which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **41.** **_We have referred to the data derived from industry reports commissioned and paid for by our Company from CRISIL Limited exclusively for the purpose of the Offer._** 

We have exclusively commissioned and paid for the services of an independent third party research agency CRISIL Limited and have relied on the report titled “Industry Report on Small Business Loans in India” for industry-related data in this Red Herring Prospectus, including in the sections “ _Offer Document Summary_ ”, “ _Industry Overview_ ”, “ _Our Business_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on pages 13, 115, 173 and 346, respectively. We appointed CRISIL Limited to prepare the CRISIL Report on July 30, 2021 , and subsequently entered into an addendum amending the agreement for services on September 5, 2022. We have no direct or indirect association with CRISIL Limited other than as a consequence of such an engagement. The CRISIL Report is not exhaustive and is based on certain assumptions, parameters and conditions made and identified by CRISIL. It also uses certain methodologies for market sizing and forecasting. While we believe such data to be true, we cannot assure you that they are complete or reliable. Accordingly, investors should read the industry related disclosure in this Red Herring Prospectus in this context. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. 

42 

You should consult your own advisors and undertake an independent assessment of information in this Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the CRISIL Report before making any investment decision regarding the Offer. See “ _Industry Overview_ ” on page 115. For the disclaimer associated with the CRISIL Report, see “ _Certain Conventions, Presentation of Financial, Industry and Market Data and Currency of Presentation_ ” on page 18. 

# **42.** **_We have included certain non-GAAP financial measures and other selected statistical information related to our operations in this Red Herring Prospectus. Such non-GAAP measures and statistical information may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across the financial services industry and may not be comparable with financial or statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other companies._** 

Certain non-GAAP measures, such as EBITDA, EBITDA Margin, Average Cost of Borrowing, Stage 3 Gross term loans (net), Stage 3 Gross term loans to Gross term loans, Net Worth, Return on Equity, Total Borrowings to Total Equity Ratio, Gross Term Loans to Net Worth and Operating Expenses to Average Total Assetspresented in this Red Herring Prospectus are a supplemental measure of our performance and liquidity that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, Ind AS, Indian GAAP, or IFRS. Further, these Non-GAAP measures are not a measurement of our financial performance or liquidity under Ind AS, Indian GAAP, or IFRS and should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to cash flows, profit/ (loss) for the periods/years or any other measure of financial performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity, profitability or cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities derived in accordance with Ind AS, Indian GAAP, or IFRS. In addition, these Non-GAAP measures are not a standardised term, hence a direct comparison of similarly titled Non-GAAP Measures between companies may not be possible. Other companies may calculate the Non-GAAP Measures differently from us, limiting its utility as a comparative measure. Although the Non-GAAP measures are not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with applicable accounting standards, our Company’s management believes that it is useful to an investor in evaluating us because it is a widely used measure to evaluate a company’s operating performance. 

# **43.** **_Negative publicity could damage our reputation and adversely impact our business and financial results._** 

Reputational risk, or the risk to our business, earnings and capital from negative publicity, is inherent in our business. The reputation of the banking and financial services industry in general has been closely monitored as a result of the global financial crisis and other matters affecting the financial services industry. Negative public opinion about the banking and financial services industry generally or us specifically could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers and may expose us to litigation and regulatory action. While we have developed our brand and reputation over our history, and although we have been subject to minor adverse publicity in localised media outlets, any negative incidents or adverse publicity could rapidly erode customer trust and confidence in us, particularly if such incidents receive widespread adverse mainstream and social media publicity or attract regulatory investigations. Negative publicity can result from our own or our third-party service providers’ actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices, mortgage servicing and foreclosure practices, technological practices, corporate governance, regulatory compliance, mergers and acquisitions, and related disclosure, sharing or inadequate protection of customer information, and actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to that conduct. Although we take steps to minimize reputational risk in dealing with customers and other constituencies, we, as a financial services organization with a high industry profile, are inherently exposed to this risk. 

In recent years, there has been a marked increase in the use of social media platforms in India, including blogs, social media websites and applications, and other forms of internet-based communications which allow individuals access to a broad audience of customers and other interested persons. Many social media platforms immediately publish the content that their subscribers and participants post, often without filters or checks on accuracy of the content posted. The dissemination of inaccurate information online could harm our business, reputation, prospects, financial condition and operating results, regardless of the information’s accuracy. The damage may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. Other risks associated with the use of social media include negative comments about us, fraud, hoaxes or malicious exposure of false information. Such inappropriate, unverifiable or false information regarding us may be published online or on social media by third parties, or any other such damage to our brand or our reputation may result in withdrawal of business by our existing customers and loss of new business from potential customers, could increase our costs, lead to litigation or result in negative publicity that could damage our reputation and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **44.** **_Our Promoter, Lakshmipathy Deenadayalan, has provided personal guarantees for loan facilities obtained by us, and any failure or default by us to repay such loans could trigger repayment obligations on our Promoter, which may impact our Promoter’s ability to effectively service his obligations as our Promoter and thereby, adversely impact our business and operations._** 

<mark>As of June 30, 2022, ₹8,435.80 million or 33.47% of our Total Borrowings are backed by personal guarantees provided by our Promoter, Lakshmipathy Deenadayalan. For details, see “</mark> _<mark>Our Promoter and Promoter Group</mark>_ <mark>” on page 245.</mark> 

43 

<mark>Any default or failure by us to repay our loans in a timely manner or at all could trigger repayment obligations on the part of our Promoter in respect of such loans. This, in turn, could have an impact on their ability to effectively service their obligations as Promoters of our Company, thereby having an adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. Further, in the event that our Promoter withdraws or terminates the guarantees, our lenders for such facilities may ask for alternate guarantees, repayment of amounts outstanding under such facilities, or even terminate such facilities. We may not be successful in procuring guarantees satisfactory to the lenders, and as a result may need to repay outstanding amounts under such facilities or seek additional sources of capital, which could affect our business prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.</mark> 

# **45.** **_The proceeds from this Offer will not be available to us._** 

<mark>As this Offer is a complete Offer for Sale of Equity Shares by the Selling Shareholders (after deducting applicable Offer expenses), the proceeds from the Offer for Sale will be remitted to the Selling Shareholders and our Company will not benefit from such proceeds. For details in relation to the Offer, see “</mark> _<mark>The Offer</mark>_ <mark>” and “</mark> _<mark>Objects of the Offer</mark>_ <mark>” on page 52 and 104, respectively.</mark> 

# **46.** **_We have certain contingent liabilities that have not been provided for in our financial statements, which, if they materialize, may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

<mark>As of June 30, 2022, our contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37 – Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets are as set out in the table below:</mark> 

|**Particulars**<br>**Amo**<br>|**unt**<br>|
|---|---|
|**_(₹ in mil_**|**_lions)_**|
|**Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debt**||
|— Income tax related matters (excluding penalties and interest)|0.67|
|— Provident Fund (Refer below)|-*|
|_* In light of judgment of Honorable Supreme Court dated February 28, 2019 on the definition of Basic Wages under t_<br>_Provident Funds & Misc. Provisions Act, 1952 and based on the legal advice received, the Company has aligned t_<br>_computation of liability for Provident Fund effective the date of the order. There are significant uncertainties in de_<br>_liability including, period of assessment, application for present and past employees and assessment of interest and_<br>_amount of the obligation therefore cannot be measured with sufficient reliability for past periods and hence d_<br>_contingent liability._|_he Employees_<br>_he manner of_<br>_termining the_<br>_penalties. The_<br>_isclosed as a_|



<mark>We have not made provisions for the above contingent liabilities, as they are either probable obligations whose existence will be confirmed only by future uncertain events outside the control of our Company, or are present obligations where the outflow of economic resources may not be probable or cannot be measured reliably.</mark> 

# **47.** **_Certain of our Directors are on the board of directors of companies engaged in a line of business similar to that of ours. Further, certain of our Promoters may also be interested in other companies which are engaged in similar line of business as ours, by virtue of their shareholding in such companies. Any conflict of interest that may occur as a result could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Certain of our Directors are on the board of directors of companies engaged in a line of business similar to that of ours. For instance, our Directors, Anand Raghavan, Ravishankar Ganapathyagraharam Venkataraman, Bhama Krishnamurthy, Srinivasaraghavan Thiruvallur Thattai, Ramkumar Ramamoorthy and Vikram Vaidyanathan are directors on the board of certain companies which are in a line of business similar to ours. For further details, see “ _Our Management – Interests of Directors_ ” on page 232. Further, our Promoters, Matrix and SCI are also involved in ventures that are involved in activities similar to those conducted by our Company. For further details, see “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group_ ” on page 245. These entities may provide comparable services, expand their presence, solicit our employees or acquire interests in competing ventures in the locations or segments in which we operate. A conflict of interest may occur between our business and the business of such entities, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **48.** 

# **_Our Company has issued Equity Shares during the preceding one year at a price that may be below the Offer Price._** 

We have, in the preceding one year prior to filing this Red Herring Prospectus, issued Equity Shares pursuant to exercise of ASOP 2015 and ASOP 2018.The price at which the Equity Shares have been issued by our Company in the preceding one year is not indicative of the Offer Price, or the price at which the Equity Shares will be traded going forward. Further, our Company may, in the future, continue to issue Equity Shares at prices that may be lower than the Offer Price, subject to compliance with applicable law. Any issuances of Equity Shares by our Company may dilute your shareholding in the Company, thereby adversely affecting the trading price of the Equity Shares and our ability to raise capital through any issuance of new securities. For further details, see “ _Capital Structure — Notes to the Capital Structure — Equity share capital history of our Company_ ” on page 66. 

44 

# **External Risk Factors** 

# **_Risks Related to India_** 

# **49.** **_Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

The Indian economy and capital markets are influenced by economic, political and market conditions in India and globally. Our Company is incorporated in India, and all of our assets and employees are located in India. As a result, we are dependent on prevailing economic conditions in India and our results of operations are affected by factors influencing the Indian economy. Further, the following external risks may have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations, should any of them materialize: 

- increase in interest rates may adversely affect our access to capital and increase our borrowing costs, which may constrain our ability to grow our business and operate profitably; 

- downgrade of India’s sovereign debt rating by an independent agency; 

- political instability, resulting from a change in governmental or economic and fiscal policies, may adversely affect economic conditions in India. In recent years, India has implemented various economic and political reforms. Reforms in relation to land acquisition policies and trade barriers have led to increased incidents of social unrest in India over which we have no control; 

- change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could adversely affect economic conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular; 

- 

   - civil unrest, acts of violence, terrorist attacks, regional conflicts or situations or war; 

- India has experienced epidemics, and natural calamities such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, and drought in recent years; 

- high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our revenues, and as such decrease our operating margins; and 

- contagious diseases such as the COVID-19 pandemic, the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine. A worsening of the current COVID-19 pandemic or any similar future outbreaks of COVID-19, avian or swine influenza or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the Indian economy and economic activity in the region. 

Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. Our performance and the growth of our business depend on the overall performance of the Indian economy as well as the economies of the regional markets in which we operate. 

# **50.** **_Macroeconomic conditions in India could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We conduct all of our business activities in India, and rely primarily on interest income from loans, income from investments, and fee income (which includes login fees and processing fees) to generate our revenues. These revenue streams have historically been affected by key macroeconomic conditions in India, and are likely to continue being affected by them in the future. In addition, our ECL models take into account macroeconomic factors such as India’s prevailing GDP and interest rates, which could adversely affect our ECLs and, in turn, our profitability. 

Consumer confidence, consumer spending, unemployment and overall economic growth rates are among the main factors that often impact the demand for credit. Poor economic conditions and regulatory forbearances or relaxations tend to adversely affect our end-customers’ ability and willingness to repay the amounts borrowed, thus increasing delinquencies, charge-offs and provisions for credit losses, and decreasing recoveries. 

Economic growth in India is influenced by, among other things, inflation, unemployment rates, interest rates, foreign trade and capital flows, as well as the monsoon season. The level of inflation or depreciation of the Indian rupee may limit monetary easing or cause monetary tightening by the RBI. Any increase in inflation, due to increases in domestic food prices or global prices of commodities, including crude oil, the impact of currency depreciation on the prices of 

45 

imported commodities and additional pass-through of higher fuel prices to consumers, or otherwise, may result in a tightening of monetary policy. 

While our results may not necessarily track India’s economic growth figures, the Indian economy’s performance affects the environment in which we operate. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **51.** **_Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market countries in Asia. Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy. Financial disruptions may occur again and could harm our business, our future financial performance and the prices of the Equity Shares. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. 

In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy as well as a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term effect of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. Any significant financial disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **52.** **_If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our services at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our customers and our profits might decline._** 

<mark>Inflation rates could be volatile, and we may face high inflation in the future as India had witnessed in the past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of transportation, salaries, and other expenses relevant to our business. Further, high inflation leading to higher interest rates may also lead to a slowdown in the economy and adversely impact credit growth. Consequently,</mark> we may also be affected and fall short of business growth and profitability. 

<mark>High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our operating expenses, which we may not be able to pass on to our customers, whether entirely or in part, and the same may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or pass the increase in costs on to our customers. In such case, our</mark> business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

<mark>While the Government of India through the RBI has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect, and there can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not rise in the future.</mark> 

# **53.** **_The growth rate of India’s small business finance industry may not be sustainable._** 

We expect the small business finance industry in India to continue to grow as a result of anticipated growth in India’s economy, increases in household income and demographic changes. In addition, the Government of India is pursuing various schemes and initiatives to create an enabling and supportive environment to enhance the flow of credit to the small business sector in India. Initiatives such as the “ _Credit Guarantee Fund Trust Scheme for Micro and Small Enterprises_ ” scheme have reinforced the flow of credit to the small business finance sector. However, it is not clear how certain trends and events, such as the pace of India’s economic growth, the development of domestic capital markets and the on-going reform will affect India’s small business finance industry. In addition, there can be no assurance that the Government policies and initiatives for the small business finance industry will continue at the same or expected pace in the future. Consequently, there can be no assurance that the growth and development of India’s small business finance industry will be sustainable. 

46 

**54.** **_Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of corporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects and could lead to new compliance requirements that are uncertain._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes, including the instances mentioned below, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. For example: 

- The Government of India has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2022 and the Finance Act, 2021 has received the President’s assent on March 28, 2021. There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2021 may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. We cannot predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Act, 2021 would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, the Government of India has announced the Union Budget for the Financial Year 2023 pursuant to which the Finance Act of 2022 has introduced various amendments.Unfavorable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. 

- In India, the Supreme Court, in a judgment delivered on 24 August 2017, has held that the right to privacy is a fundamental right. Following this judgment, the Government of India is considering enactment of a bill on personal data protectionfor implementing organizational and technical measures in processing personal data and lays down norms for cross-border transfer of personal data and to ensure the accountability of entities processing personal data. The enactment of the aforesaid bill may introduce stricter data protection norms for a company such as us and may impact our processes. 

- On September 7, 2021, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 were notified, pursuant to which the SEBI Listing Regulations stand amended. The amended SEBI Listing Regulations, amongst other matters, require entities that have listed non-convertible securities to disclose financial results on a quarterly basis (as opposed to a half yearly basis), including assets and liabilities, and cash flows. This will impose additional compliance requirements on companies such as us, which have listed their non-convertible debentures on the debt segments of the stock exchanges. 

Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the application, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

# **55.** **_Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against our Company outside India._** 

Our Company is incorporated under the laws of India. Our Company’s assets are located in India and all of our Company’s Directors and all of the Key Managerial Personnel are residents of India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce against them judgments obtained in courts outside India. Moreover, it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or inconsistent with Indian public policy. 

India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions, which includes, the United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong. A judgment from certain specified courts located in a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the Civil Code. The United States and India do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any federal or state court in a non-reciprocating territory, such as the United States, for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general securities laws of the United States, would not be enforceable in India under the Civil Code as a decree of an Indian court. 

India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. The United Kingdom, Singapore, UAE and Hong Kong have been declared by the Government of India to be reciprocating territories for purposes of Section 44A of the Civil Code. A judgment of a court of a country which is not a 

47 

reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit on the judgment under Section 13 of the Civil Code, and not by proceedings in execution. Section 13 of the Civil Code provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated on except (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case, (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable, (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice, (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. Under the Civil Code, a court in India shall, on the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgment, presume that the judgment was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record. The Civil Code only permits the enforcement of monetary decrees, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. 

However, the party in whose favor such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the United States or other such jurisdiction within three years of obtaining such final judgment. It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Moreover, it is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages to the extent awarded in a final judgment rendered outside India if it believes that the amount of damages awarded were excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain the prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered. 

# **56.** **_Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

As an Indian company, we are subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies. Foreign ownership of Indian securities is subject to Government regulation. Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions), if they comply with the pricing and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and does not fall under any of the exceptions specified by the RBI, then RBI’s prior approval is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. Further, this conversion is subject to the shares having been held on a repatriation basis and, either the security having been sold in compliance with the pricing guidelines or, the relevant regulatory approval having been obtained for the sale of shares and corresponding remittance of the sale proceeds. The RBI and the concerned ministries/departments are responsible for granting approval for foreign investment. We cannot assure you that any required regulatory approvals for borrowing in foreign currencies will be granted to us without onerous conditions, or at all. 

As provided in the foreign exchange controls currently in effect in India, the RBI has provided that the price at which the Equity Shares are transferred be calculated in accordance with internationally accepted pricing methodology for the valuation of shares at an arm’s length basis, and a higher (or lower, as applicable) price per share may not be permitted. Further, in accordance with Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020 issued by the DPIIT and the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Amendment Rules, 2020 which came into effect from April 22, 2020, any investment, subscription, purchase or sale of equity instruments by entities of a country which shares a land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country, will require prior approval of the Government of India, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy and the FEMA Rules. These investment restrictions shall also apply to subscribers of offshore derivative instruments. Furthermore, on April 22, 2020, the Ministry of Finance has also made similar amendment to the FEMA Rules. While the term “beneficial owner” is defined under the Prevention of Money-Laundering (Maintenance of Records) Rules, 2005 and the General Financial Rules, 2017, neither the foreign direct investment policy nor the FEMA Rules provide a definition of the term “beneficial owner”. The interpretation of “beneficial owner” and enforcement of this regulatory change involves certain uncertainties, which may have an adverse effect on our ability to raise foreign capital. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular term or at all. For further details, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 434. 

**57.** **_Significant differences exist between Indian Accounting Standards and other accounting principles, such as Indian Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and_** 

48 

# **_International Financial Reporting Standards, which may be material to investors' assessments of our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

The Restated Summary Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus have been derived from our audited financial statements and restated in accordance with SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note. There are significant differences between Ind AS, Indian Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and International Financial Reporting Standards. Our Company does not provide reconciliation of its financial information to International Financial Reporting Standards or United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Our Company has not attempted to explain those differences or quantify their impact on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus and it is urged that you consult your own advisors regarding such differences and their impact on our financial data. Accordingly, the degree to which the financial information included in this Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader ’ s level of familiarity with Indian accounting policies and practices, the Companies Act, Ind AS, Indian Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting policies and practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should, accordingly, be limited. 

# **58.** **_Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may differ to those under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be similar to the shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

# **_Risks Related to the Offer_** 

# **59.** **_The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company, and the Selling Shareholders, in consultation with the BRLMs, and through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 106 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer and may decline below the Offer Price owing to various factors including quarterly variations in our results of operations, results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors and results of operations that vary from those of our competitors. We cannot assure you that the investor will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

# **60.** **_Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. The Income Tax Act levies taxes on such long-term capital gains exceeding ₹100,000 arising from sale of equity shares on or after April 1, 2018, while continuing to exempt the unrealized capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on such equity shares subject to specific conditions. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long-term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of a securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. Any gain realized on the sale of Equity Shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold other than on a recognized stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, will be subject to long term capital gains tax in India. 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. Additionally, the Finance Act, 2020 does not require dividend distribution tax ("DDT") to be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. 

Earlier, the Finance Act, 2019, had clarified that in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. These provisions have been notified with effect from July 1, 2020. Further, the 

49 

Government of India recently proposed additional tax measures in Finance Bill, 2022 and Union Budget for Fiscal 2023 which, among others, require the taxpayers to explain sources of cash credits, introduce a separate 30% tax on income from virtual digital assets, extend the anti-tax avoidance provision to bonus stripping of securities and repeal the 15% concessional rate on foreign dividends. The Finance Bill has received assent from the President of India on March 30, 2022, and has been enacted as the Finance Act, 2022. 

# **61.** **_The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations. Further, the Offer may not result in an active trading market for the Equity Shares and the investors may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book-building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results of our Company, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. Consequently, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all, and may as a result lose all or a part of your investment. 

Our Equity Shares are expected to trade on the Stock Exchanges after the Offer, but there can be no assurance that active trading in our Equity Shares will develop after the Offer, or if such trading develops, that it will continue. Investors may not be able to sell our Equity Shares at the quoted price if there is no active trading in our Equity Shares. 

There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past, and our Equity Share price could fluctuate significantly because of market volatility. A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause investors to lose some or all of their investment. 

# **62.** **_Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by the Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

# **63.** **_Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity-linked securities by us may dilute your shareholding and adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and sale of Equity Shares by the Promoter(s) may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any future issuance of the Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to the Equity Shares by us, including through exercise of employee stock options may dilute your shareholding in our Company, adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and our ability to raise capital through an issue of our securities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will not issue additional Equity Shares. The disposal of Equity Shares by any of our Promoters, Promoter Group or other significant Shareholders, or the perception that such sales may occur may significantly affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that our Promoters and Promoter Group will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. Such securities may also be issued at prices below the Offer Price. We may also issue convertible debt securities to finance our future growth or fund our business activities. 

# **64.** **_Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

A public company incorporated in India must offer its equity shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to issuance of any new 

50 

equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting on such resolution. 

However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for your benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of any such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of our Equity Shares, your proportional interests in our Company would be diluted. 

# **65.** **_Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Offer._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges or such period as may be prescribed under applicable law. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately five Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid/Offer Closing Date or such period as may be prescribed under applicable law. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

51 

