# **SECTION II - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in our Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares and the industry in which we currently operate or to India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial, actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could suffer, the trading price of and the value of your investments in our Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment._ 

_To obtain a complete understanding of our Company, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Industry Overview”, “Our Business” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 117, 171 and 331, respectively, as well as the financial, statistical and other information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of our Company and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in our Equity Shares. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. See “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 19._ 

_Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section. Unless the context requires otherwise, the financial information of our Company has been derived from our Restated Financial Statements._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, the industry-related information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus is derived from the CRISIL Report dated October 2022 which has been commissioned and paid for by our Company for an agreed fee for the purposes of confirming our understanding of the industry exclusively in connection with the Offer. A copy of the CRISIL Report is available on the website of our Company at https://fusionmicrofinance.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/Consent-Letter-CRISIL.pdf. We officially engaged CRISIL Research, a division of CRISIL Limited, in connection with the preparation of the CRISIL Report on March 13, 2021. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the CRISIL Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant financial year._ 

# **INTERNAL RISKS** 

# **Risks Relating to our Business** 

**_1. The extent to which the Coronavirus disease (“COVID-19”) may affect our business and operations in the future is uncertain and cannot be predicted._** 

The spread of the COVID-19 pandemic and related lockdowns and movement restrictions during 2020 and 2021 adversely impacted our business and financial condition. There remains significant uncertainty regarding the duration and long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as possible future actions by the Government (for example, as a result of new variants of the virus such as Omicron), which makes it very difficult for us to predict with certainty the impact that COVID-19 will have on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in the future. Further, one or more states where we have operations may impose additional regional or local lockdowns. The COVID-19 pandemic has affected and may continue to affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in a number of ways such as: 

27 

- it may lead to a closure of our offices or require us to operate them with limited personnel or to a suspension of our field operations, all of which would restrict the ability of our employees to physically service our existing customers and engage with potential new customers to market our product and services offerings, carry out KYC and other customer due diligence processes, conduct loan applications and disbursements and collect loan repayments. This limited the number of new customers we acquired during the financial year 2021, and we had 2.12 million active borrowers as of March 31, 2021 as compared to 1.87 million as of March 31, 2020. With the subsequent lifting of COVID-19 restrictions to various extents, our total borrowers increased to 2.72 million and 2.90 million as of March 31, 2022 and June 30, 2022, respectively. 

- at the onset of the pandemic, we closed our offices and suspended field operations at the commencement of the lockdown, moving to a work-from-home model. We were able to resume operations at our branches from May 2020 and field operations from June 2020 in a gradual manner in accordance with guidelines issued by government authorities _._ As a result of the restrictions and social distancing measures being reinstated throughout March and April 2021 mentioned above, although we have been able to keep our branches open, we have adjusted our operations to ensure the safety of our employees and customers in line with the applicable local guidelines; 

- our customers who are primarily in the low and middle-income groups have less financial wherewithal than other customers and may face difficulties with their ability to make timely repayments on their loans with us whether due to a decrease in their earnings or other strains on their financial position as a result of COVID-19. We witnessed an increase in our gross NPA ratio from 1.12% as of March 31, 2020 to 5.51% as of March 31, 2021 and to 5.71% as of March 31, 2022, which decreased to 3.67% as of June 30, 2022; an increase in our impairment loss allowance from ₹982.36 million as of March 31, 2020 to ₹2,853.02 million as of March 31, 2021, and to ₹3,603.50 million as of March 31, 2022, which decreased to ₹2,442.74 million as of June 30, 2022; as well as a decrease in our collection efficiency rate from 98.36% for the financial year 2020 to 96.38% for the financial year 2021, and to 92.32% for the financial year 2022, which increased to 95.22% for the three months ended June 30, 2022, respectively; 

- on March 27, 2020, the RBI issued guidelines relating to the COVID-19 regulatory package to provide borrowers relief during the COVID-19 pandemic. This included a three-month moratorium on the payment of all principal amounts and interest falling due between March 1, 2020 and May 31, 2020. The RBI subsequently extended the moratorium on loan instalments by another three months, from June 1, 2020 to August 31, 2020. For further details, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies – COVID-19 Regulatory Framework_ ” on page 208. Accordingly, we offered moratorium on the payment of all instalments including interest, as applicable, falling due between March 1, 2020 and August 31, 2020 to all eligible borrowers. Moratorium was granted by us to a total of 1,763,955 borrowers valued at ₹1,685.82 million to be repaid by borrowers over a period of up to 24 months. On September 3, 2020, the Supreme Court of India ordered a standstill on NPA recognition due to a number of pleas filed before it regarding issues relating to the extension of the loan moratorium and interest charges. On March 23, 2021, in response to various writ petitions filed by corporate bodies, business associations and individuals, the Supreme Court of India issued a judgment rejecting pleas for, among other things, the extension of the moratorium and the ordering of a complete interest waiver. The Supreme Court of India also lifted the temporary freeze on NPA classification by banks, financial institutions and NBFCs; 

- in comparison to the Company’s pre-COVID ECL allowance of ₹982.36 million recorded in respect of the Company’s loans and advances as of March 31, 2020, our Company recorded an ECL allowance of ₹2,853.02 million, ₹3,603.50 million and ₹2,442.74 million in respect of its loans and advances as of March 31, 2021 and 2022 and June 30, 2022, respectively, based on the information available at that point in time, to reflect, among other things, an increased risk of adverse macroeconomic factors caused by the waves of the COVID-19 pandemic in India occurring during the financial years 2021 and 2022 and the three months ended June 30, 2022, respectively. 

- in comparison to our pre-COVID average tenure of loans of 6.79 months in respect of our loans disbursed up to March 31, 2021, our post-COVID average tenure of loans was 19.80 months in respect of our loans disbursed from April 1, 2021 to June 30, 2022; 

28 

- our ability to access debt and equity capital on acceptable terms, or at all, may be impaired. A further disruption and instability in the global financial markets or deterioration in credit and financing conditions or downgrade of our or India’s credit rating may affect our access to capital and other sources of funding necessary to fund our operations or address maturing liabilities on a timely basis; and 

- it may also result in (i) a material decline in general business activity, which may result in a slowing down of disbursements, (ii) uncertainty as to what conditions must be satisfied before government authorities fully remove the “stay-at-home” orders and when such orders would be fully removed, (iii) a potential negative impact on the health of our personnel, particularly if a significant number of them are afflicted by COVID-19, which could result in a deterioration in our ability to ensure business continuity during and/or after this disruption, and (iv) increased risks emanating from an increase in number of individuals working from home such as issues relating to productivity, connectivity and oversight challenges. 

While COVID-19 has directly affected our business and operations, there is significant uncertainty regarding the duration and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as possible future responses, which makes it impossible for us to predict with certainty the impact that COVID-19 will have on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in the future. Our Company’s performance will depend on further developments relating to COVID-19 such as, among other things, new information concerning the severity of the pandemic and subsequent waves of infections in India and elsewhere. As the situation continues to evolve, the effect of COVID-19 on the operations of our Company may be different from that estimated as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. Our Company continues to closely monitor changes in the markets and future economic conditions. 

Any intensification of the COVID-19 pandemic or any future outbreak of another highly infectious or contagious disease may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, as COVID-19 adversely affects our business and results of operations, it may also have the effect of exacerbating many of the other risks described in this “ _Risk Factors_ ” section. See also “ _– The examination report of our Statutory Auditors on the Restated Financial Statements makes references to certain qualifications._ ” and “ _Management’s Discussions and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Significant Factors Affecting our Results of Operations – Current COVID-19 Pandemic_ ” on pages 34 and 338, respectively. 

**_2. An increase in the level of our NPAs or our provisions may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Our management of credit risk involves having appropriate credit policies, underwriting standards, approval processes, loan portfolio monitoring, collection and remedial management, provisioning policies and an overall architecture for managing credit risk. However, even if our credit monitoring and risk management policies and procedures are adequate and appropriately implemented, we may not be able to anticipate future economic or financial developments or downturns, which could lead to an increase in our NPAs. If our NPAs increase or the credit quality of our borrowers deteriorate, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Pursuant to the RBI guidelines and our accounting policies, we make provisions against standard and nonperforming assets, which are recognized as impairment on financial instruments in our Restated Financial Statements. The RBI also requires us to classify and, depending on the duration of non-payment of dues, to NPAs. As the number of our loans that become NPAs increases, the credit quality of our loan portfolio decreases and the provisioning requirement also will increase. The RBI has also recently published clarifications dated November 12, 2021 in relation to the prudential norms on income recognition, asset classification and provisioning pertaining to advances, under which there are clarifications and changes in relation to certain items, among others _,_ (a) income recognition policy for loans with moratorium on payment of interest; (b) upgradation of NPA accounts as standard only in case entire arrears of interest and principal are paid by the borrower instead of only partial repayment; (c) NPA classification in case of interest payments; and (d) timeline related clarifications for classification of accounts as special mention accounts and NPAs. The RBI has also issued Scale Based Regulation: A Revised Regulatory Framework for NBFCs dated October 22, 2021 (“ **Scale Based Regulation** ”), under which we have revised NPA overdue period from 180 days to 

29 

# 90 days based on the glide path. 

In addition to the relevant minimum regulatory provision, we also consider our internal estimates for loan losses and risks inherent in our loan portfolio when deciding on the appropriate level of provisioning. The determination of an appropriate level of loan losses and provisions involves a degree of subjectivity and requires that we make estimates of current credit risks, all of which may be subject to material changes. Any incorrect estimation of risks may result in our provisions not being adequate to cover any further increase in the amount of NPAs or any further deterioration in our NPA portfolio. Further, the RBI may introduce regulations relaxing the provisioning requirements in relation to a class or classes of borrowers, which will affect our ability to create an appropriate level of provisioning. For example, on February 7, 2018, the RBI notified that MSME borrowers registered under goods and services tax (“ **GST** ”) will not be classified as NPAs based on the standard delinquency norm of 120 days applicable to borrowers of NBFCs, subject to the fulfilment of certain prescribed conditions. 

The following table sets forth the classification of our loans, as of the dates indicated: 

||**As at Jun**<br>|**e 30,**<br>|**A**<br>|**s at March 3**<br>|**1,**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**2022**|**2021**|**2022**|**2021**|**2020**|
||||**_(₹ in million_**|**_s)_**||
|**Gross carrying value:**||||||
|Stage I|65,528.10|40,051.52|57,890.26|40,763.84|33,861.54|
|Stage II|894.22|3,751.98|1,310.91|3,137.58|166.06|
|Stage III|2,529.39|2,888.90|3,584.27|2,558.90|384.49|
|**Total gross carrying value**|**68,951.71**|**46,692.40**|**62,785.44**|**46,460.32**|**34,412.09**|
|**ECL allowance:**||||||
|Stage I|510.75|743.93|597.12|449.56|645.31|
|Stage II|330.29|1,135.90|452.39|868.23|83.02|
|Stage III|1,601.71|1,576.21|2,553.99|1,535.23|254.04|
|**Total ECL allowance**|**2,442.74**|**3,456.04**|**3,603.50**|**2,853.02**|**982.36**|
|**Net carrying value**<sup>*****</sup>**:**||||||
|Stage I|65,017.35|39,307.59|57,293.14|40,314.28|33,216.23|
|Stage II|563.93|2,616.08|858.52|2,269.35|83.04|
|Stage III|927.68|1,312.69|1,030.28|1,023.67|130.45|
|**Total net carrying value** _................................_|_..............._<br>**66,508.97**|**43,236.36**|**59,181.94**|**43,607.30**|**33,429.73**|



_*Net carrying value is equal to gross carrying value less ECL allowance._ 

We made provisions with respect to our NPA portfolio (i.e. Stage III assets) of 63.32%, 54.56%, 71.26%, 60.00% and 66.07% in the three months ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, and the financial years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For further details on how we classify and make provisions for our loans, see “ _Selected Statistical Information – Financial Metrics – Classification of Assets_ ” beginning on page 361. 

Our ability to limit and reduce NPAs is subject to a number of factors outside of our control including, among others, developments in the Indian and global economy, domestic and global political scenario, competition, changes in customer behavior and demographic patterns, various central and state government decisions (including farm loan waivers), changes in interest rates and exchange rates and changes in regulations, including regulations requiring us to lend to certain sectors identified by the RBI, or the Government of India. These factors, together with other factors such as volatility in commodity markets, decrease in agriculture productivity and decline in business and consumer confidence, could affect our customers and, in turn, affect their ability to fulfil their obligations under the loans we extended to them. In addition, the expansion of our business may cause our NPAs to increase and the overall quality of our loan portfolio to deteriorate. If our NPAs increase, we will be required to increase our provisions, which would result in our net profit being less than it otherwise would be and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_3. We may face various risks associated with our large number of branches and widespread network of operations._** 

As of June 30, 2022, we had 2.90 million active borrowers, which were served by our 966 branches across 19 states in India, with the five states of Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, Odisha, Madhya Pradesh and Tamil Nadu 

30 

together accounting for ₹48,854.21 million or 66.12% of our AUM as of the same date. As a consequence of our large network, we may be exposed to certain risks, including those relating to, among others: 

- developing and improving our product delivery channels; 

- upgrading, expanding and securing our technology platforms; 

- maintaining high levels of customer satisfaction; 

- difficulties arising from operating a larger and more complex organization; 

- difficulties arising from coordinating and consolidating corporate and administrative functions; 

- delay in the transfer of data among various locations; 

- failure to efficiently and optimally allocate management, technology and other resources across our branch network; 

- failure to manage third-party service providers in relation to any outsourced services; 

- difficulties in the integration of new branches with our existing branch network; 

- difficulties in supervising local operations from our centralized locations; 

- risk of our employees being the target of violent crimes such as thefts and robberies due to the high volume of cash we handle; 

- difficulties in hiring and training skilled personnel in sufficient numbers to operate the new branches locally and management to supervise such operations from centralized locations; 

- failure to maintain the level of customer service at all branches; and 

- unforeseen legal, regulatory, property, local taxation, labor or other issues. 

Further, a significant majority of our customers are located in rural markets, which may have limited infrastructure, particularly for transportation and electricity. At branches in remote markets, we may face difficulties in conducting operations, such as accessing power facilities, transporting people and equipment and implementing technology measures. We may also face increased costs and expenses in conducting our business and operations and implementing security measures. We cannot assure you that such costs will not increase in the future as we further expand our network in rural markets, which may adversely affect our profitability. 

Any of the above reasons may result in our failure to manage our business operations in an effective manner, which may adversely affect our brand, reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_4. Certain provisions of the NBFC-ND-SI Master Directions and the RBI (RFML) Directions impose requirements that restrict our business, results of operations and growth._** 

The NBFC-MFI Directions, which were introduced in 2011, were replaced with the NBFC-ND-SI Master Directions in 2016. The NBFC-ND-SI Master Directions prescribe certain requirements for NBFC-MFIs, including us, such as restrictions on lending such that not more than two NBFC-MFIs may lend to the same borrower. 

The RBI also enacted the Reserve Bank of India (Regulatory Framework for Microfinance Loans) Directions, 2022 (" **RBI (RFML) Directions** ”) with effect from April 1, 2022, under which our Company is required to comply with certain additional compliances and conditions, including: (i) forming a board approved policy to assess the household income of its borrowers; (ii) forming a board approved policy regarding the limit on 

31 

the outflows on account of repayment of monthly loan obligations of a household as a percentage of the monthly household income, which is capped at 50% of the monthly household income; (iii) forming a board approved policy regarding pricing of microfinance loans; (iv) forming a board approved policy to provide flexibility of repayment periodicity on microfinance loans as per borrower requirements; (v) adopting a fair practices code for conduct towards borrowers in line with the RBI (RFML) Directions; (vi) putting in place a mechanism for recovery of loans which is borrower friendly; and (vii) ensuring that a  minimum of 75% of our total assets are ‘microfinance loans’. 

In addition to the above, the RBI has also issued Scale Based Regulation under which our Company has to operate within certain restrictions and standards. 

For further details, see “ _Our Business – Description of our Business – Compliance with the NBFC-ND-SI Master Directions_ ” and “ _Key Regulations and Policies – Key Regulations Applicable to Our Company – Master Direction – Non-Banking Financial Company – Systemically Important Non-Deposit taking Company and Deposit taking Company (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016 dated September 1, 2016, as amended (the “Master Directions”);_ and _RBI Circular – Scale Based Regulation (SBR): A Revised Regulatory Framework for NBFCs date October 22, 2021 read with RBI notification - Compliance Function and Role of Chief Compliance Officer (CCO) - NBFCs dated April 11, 2022_ ” on pages 194, 201 and 210, respectively. The laws and regulations governing the banking and financial services industry in India have become increasingly complex, with the regulations relating to MFIs still evolving. The requirement to comply with increasing regulations may continue to adversely affect our business and the microfinance industry in general. These laws and regulations may require us to restructure our activities, and among other limitations, impose limits on interest rates we can charge and as such limit our interest income, and require us to incur additional expenses, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and growth. 

**_5. A large portion of our collections and disbursements from customers are in cash, exposing us to certain operational risks._** 

For the three months ended June 30, 2022 and the financial years 2022, 2021 and 2020, ₹723.85 million, ₹3,392.84 million, ₹3,729.39 million, ₹15,946.42 million, respectively, or 3.72%, 5.60%, 10.14% and 44.63% respectively, of our loans were disbursed through cash. For the same periods, ₹15,269.03 million, ₹46,482.43 million, ₹32,540.53 million and ₹31,874.18 million, respectively, of our collections were in cash. Large cash collections and disbursements expose us to the risk of theft, fraud, misappropriation or unauthorized transactions by employees responsible for dealing with such cash collections. We have experienced certain instances of misappropriation or unauthorized transactions by certain employees over the last three financial years and the three months ended June 30, 2022, including cash embezzlements which (i) aggregated to an amount of ₹3.03 million, out of which ₹1.52 million had been recovered, during the three months ended June 30, 2022, (ii) aggregated to an amount of ₹12.67 million, out of which ₹5.96 million had been recovered, during the financial year 2022, (iii) aggregated to an amount of ₹9.77 million, out of which ₹5.18 million had been recovered, during the financial year 2021 and (iv) aggregated to an amount of ₹5.01 million, out of which ₹2.12 million had been recovered, during the financial year 2020. We may also be party to criminal proceedings and civil litigation related to our cash collections, and we may be subject to regulatory or other proceedings in connection with any unauthorized transactions, fraud or misappropriation by our representatives and employees, which could adversely affect our goodwill. These risks are exacerbated by the high levels of responsibility we delegate to our employees and the geographically dispersed nature of our network. Our customers are primarily from rural markets, which carry additional risks due to limitations on infrastructure and technology. During the last three financial years and the three months ended June 30, 2022, we registered 141 cases of theft and robbery, which were for an aggregate amount of ₹11.67 million. 

In addition, given the high volume of transactions involving cash processed by us, certain instances of fraud and misconduct by our representatives or employees may go unnoticed for some time before they are discovered and successfully rectified. Even when we discover instances of fraud and other misconduct and pursue legal recourse or file claims with our insurance carriers, we cannot assure you that we will recover any amounts lost through such fraud or other misconduct. Our dependence upon automated systems to record and process transactions may further increase the risk that technical system flaws or employee tampering or manipulation of such systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect or rectify. 

32 

**_6. The microfinance industry in India faces unique risks due to the category of borrowers that it services, which are generally not associated with other forms of lending._** 

Our focus customer segment is women in rural areas with an annual household income of up to ₹300,000. Our customers generally have limited sources of income, savings and credit histories. In addition, although we are generally able to obtain credit reports from credit bureaus on our borrowers, to the extent that there is limited financial information available for our focus customer segment and borrowers do not have any credit history supported by tax returns, bank or credit card statements, statements of previous loan exposures, or other related documents, it may be difficult to consistently carry out credit risk analyses on them. As a result, such borrowers may pose a higher risk of default than borrowers with greater financial resources and more established credit histories and borrowers living in urban areas with better access to education, employment opportunities and social services. 

Further, we provide unsecured loans and rely on non-traditional guarantee mechanisms rather than any tangible assets or collateral. Our loans involve a joint liability mechanism whereby borrowers form an informal joint liability group (typically comprising five to seven members) and provide joint and several guarantees for loans obtained by each member of the group. We cannot assure you that such joint liability arrangements will ensure repayment by the other members of the joint liability group in the event of default by any one of them. Such joint liability arrangements are likely to fail if there is no meaningful personal relationship or bond among members of such group, if members do not participate regularly in group meetings, if inadequate risk management procedures have been employed to verify the group members and their ability to repay such loans, or as a result of adverse external factors such as natural calamities or forced migration. Further, while we have our own due diligence and credit analysis procedures, we cannot assure you that we will be able to ensure low delinquency rates. As a result, our customers potentially present a higher risk of loss in case of a credit default compared to that of borrowers from other demographics of the population and/or in other asset-backed financing products. 

In addition, political and social risks, such as the negative publicity surrounding the growth and profitability of the microfinance industry, public criticism of the microfinance industry, or religious beliefs and convictions regarding the extension of credit and repayment of interest may deter our borrowers from fulfilling their obligations to us. In addition, the microfinance sector may be susceptible to election cycles. For example, political pressure by incumbents to write off loans or the announcements of debt-waiver schemes by state governments ahead of general elections may result in an accretion of NPAs across the microfinance industry. Due to the precarious circumstances of our customers and our non-traditional lending practices, we may, in the future, experience increased levels of NPAs and related provisions and write-offs that may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot assure you that our monitoring and risk management procedures will effectively predict and/or prevent such losses or that loan loss reserves will be sufficient to cover actual losses. 

The amount of our reported NPAs may increase in the future due to the aforementioned factors and other factors beyond our control, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to effectively control or reduce the level of the impaired loans in our total AUM. If we are unable to manage our NPAs or adequately recover our loans, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. In addition, our current loan loss reserves may not be adequate to cover an increase in the amount of NPAs or any future deterioration in the overall credit quality of our total AUM. If the quality of our loan portfolio deteriorates, we may be required to increase our loan loss reserves, which would also adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. See also “ _– An increase in the level of our NPAs or our provisions may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._ ” 

**_7. Any downgrade of our credit ratings may constrain our access to capital and debt markets and, as a result, may adversely affect our cost of borrowings and our results of operations._** 

The cost and availability of funds is dependent on, among other factors, our credit ratings. Credit ratings reflect a rating agency's opinion of our financial strength, operating performance, industry position, and ability to meet our obligations. CARE Advisory Research and Training Ltd has assigned us an organization grading of “MFI 1” or “MFI One”, which is the highest available grading on an eight point scale. CARE assigned us an “A-” positive credit rating for bank loans, cash credit, NCDs and subordinated debt (NCD) in the financial year 2020, which was revised to an “A-” stable credit rating during the financial year 2021 and 

33 

affirmed during the financial year 2022 and the three months ended June 30, 2022. CRISIL Limited assigned us an “A-” stable credit rating for bank loans for the first time in the financial year 2020, which was affirmed during the financial years 2021 and 2022, and the three months ended June 30, 2022. Further, CRISIL Limited assigned us an “A-” stable credit rating for NCDs for the first time in the financial year 2021, which was affirmed during the financial year 2022 and the three months ended June 30, 2022. ICRA has assigned us an “A-” stable credit rating for NCDs and subordinated debt (NCD) for the last three financial years and the three months ended June 30, 2022 _._ During the financial year 2020, credit ratings were reduced for MFIs operating in a particular state as a result of a crisis in the MFI industry. 

Any future performance issues for our Company or the industry may result in a downgrade of our credit ratings, which may constrain our access to capital and debt markets and, as a result, may increase our cost of borrowings and impair our ability to renew maturing debt. In addition, any downgrade of our credit ratings could result in additional terms and conditions being included in any additional financing or refinancing arrangements in the future. If any of the foregoing were to occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

**_8. We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about borrowers and counterparties for our credit assessment and risk management. Any misrepresentation, errors in or incompleteness of such information could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

In deciding whether or not to extend credit or enter into other transactions with borrowers, we rely on, among others, information furnished to us by or on behalf of borrowers. We may also rely on certain representations from our borrowers as to the accuracy and completeness of that information. To ascertain the creditworthiness of potential borrowers, we may depend on credit information companies or credit bureaus, and our reliance on any misleading information may affect our judgement of credit worthiness of potential borrowers, which may affect our business and results of operations. We may receive inaccurate or incomplete information as a result of negligence or fraudulent misrepresentation. In the event that our risk management measures and credit appraisal procedures are not adequate to prevent or deter such activities in all cases, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. During the three months ended June 30, 2022 and the financial years 2022, 2021 and 2020, our total disbursements which turned into NPAs within the first year of disbursement amounted to ₹146.69 million, ₹147.40 million, ₹234.11 million and ₹615.86 million, respectively. 

**_9. Our Promoters are selling Equity Shares in the Offer and will receive proceeds as part of the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer includes an Offer for Sale of up to 13,695,466 Equity Shares by our Promoters and certain other Selling Shareholders. The proceeds from the Offer for Sale will be transferred to the Selling Shareholders, which include our Promoters, pursuant to the Offer, who will have broad discretion over the use of such proceeds. We will not receive any such proceeds from the Offer for Sale portion. For further details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” and “ _Capital Structure_ ” on pages 102 and 79, respectively. 

**_10. The examination report of our Statutory Auditor on our restated financial statements makes references to certain qualifications._** 

Our Statutory Auditor in their examination report on our restated financial statements have made references to emphasis of matter paragraphs included in our Previous Auditor’s audit reports on our audited financial statements as of and for the three months ended June 30, 2021 and the financial years ended March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020, where attention was drawn towards the impact of the economic and social consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic on our Company’s business and financial metrics, which continue to be dependent on uncertain future developments. See also `“—` _The extent to which the Coronavirus disease (“COVID-19”) may affect our business and operations in the future is uncertain and cannot be predicted_ . _”_ on page 27. 

Further, our Previous Auditor had reported modifications in the annexure to their audit reports issued under the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 and the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2016, as applicable, on financial statements for the years ended March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021 and 2020, as follows: 

34 

- for the financial year 2022, the Previous Auditor’s reported modifications in the annexure to their audit reports issued under the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 pertained to it not being practicable to furnish entity-wise details relating amount, due date for repayment or receipt and the extent of delay for loans and advances that had not been repaid/paid when they were due or were repaid/paid with a delay, in the normal course of lending business. Further, there were delays or defaults in the repayment of principal interest as at the balance sheet dates, during the financial year 2022; 

- for the financial year 2021, the Previous Auditor’s reported modifications in the annexure to their audit reports issued under the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2016 pertained to certain instances of cash embezzlements by certain employees which aggregated to an amount of ₹9.77 million, out of which ₹5.18 million had been recovered, during the financial year 2021; and 

- for the financial year 2020, the Previous Auditor’s reported modifications in the annexure to their audit reports issued under the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2016 pertained to certain instances of cash embezzlements by certain employees which aggregated to an amount of ₹5.01 million, out of which ₹2.12 million had been recovered, during the financial year 2020. 

We cannot assure you that the audit reports issued by our auditors for any future fiscal periods will not contain qualifications, emphasis of matters or other observations which affect our results of operations in such future periods. For further details, see “ _Financial Information — Financial Statements_ ” beginning on page 248. 

**_11. Our business is particularly vulnerable to interest rate risk, and volatility in interest rates could have an adverse effect on our net interest income and net interest margin, thereby affecting our results of operations and cash flows._** 

Our results of operations depend to a large extent on the amount of our net interest income as our primary revenue source is interest income. For the three months ended June 30, 2022 and the financial years 2022, 2021 and 2020, our interest income amounted to ₹3,293.61 million, ₹10,643.19 million, ₹8,275.64 million and ₹6,664.88 million, respectively, representing 91.38%, 88.59%, 94.79% and 91.26% of our total income, respectively. Net interest income is the difference between the interest we earn from loans (i.e. interest income on loan portfolio) and the interest we pay on interest-bearing liabilities (i.e. finance costs). An increase in interest rates applicable to our liabilities, without a corresponding increase in interest rates applicable to our assets, will result in a decline in our net interest income. 

Interest rates are highly sensitive and fluctuations thereof are dependent upon many factors which are beyond our control, including the monetary policies of the RBI, de-regulation of the financial services sector in India, domestic as well as international economic and political conditions, inflation and other factors. For example, on February 2, 2017, the RBI revised guidelines on the pricing of credit applicable to NBFC-MFIs, pursuant to which all NBFC-MFIs are required to ensure that the average interest on loans sanctioned during a quarter does not exceed the average borrowing cost during the preceding quarter plus the margin, within the prescribed cap. Due to these factors, interest rates in India have historically experienced a relatively high degree of volatility. 

Changes in market interest rates affect the interest rates we charge on our loans differently from the interest rates we pay on our interest-bearing liabilities. An increase in interest rates could result in an increase in interest expense relative to interest income if we are not able to increase the rates charged on our portfolio loans and advances or if the volume of our interest-bearing liabilities is larger or growing faster than the volume of our loans. Further, such increase in interest rates could affect our ability to raise low cost funds as compared to some of our competitors who may have access to lower cost deposits. If our cost of funds and operating expenses increase to a level where compliance with the NBFC-ND-SI Master Directions results in pressure on our operating margins, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. 

In accordance with RBI regulations, the interest rates charged by us is governed by our board policy on pricing. The annual effective interest rate of our income-generating loans is currently 22.65% for the first loan cycle and 22.25% for subsequent loan cycles. In a declining interest rate environment, if our cost of funds does not decline simultaneously or to the same extent as the yield on our loans, it could lead to a 

35 

reduction in our net interest income and net interest margin. Further, changes in interest rates could affect our treasury income. If we are unable to effectively manage our interest rate risks, it could have an adverse effect on our net interest income and net interest margin, thereby affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_12. We are subject to laws and regulations governing the financial services industry and our operations in India and changes in, and differing interpretations of, laws and regulations governing us could adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects._** 

As an NBFC-MFI, we are subject to regulation by Government authorities, including the RBI. The RBI regulates the credit flow by banks to NBFCs and provides guidelines to commercial banks with respect to their investment and credit exposure norms for lending to NBFCs. In addition, we are required to make various filings with and obtain various approvals from the RBI, the Registrar of Companies and other relevant authorities pursuant to the provisions of RBI regulations, the Companies Act and other regulations. If we fail to comply with these requirements, or a regulator claims we have not complied with these requirements, we may be subject to penalties and/or legal proceedings. We are also subject to regular scrutiny and supervision by regulators, such as regular inspections that may be conducted by the RBI. Any non-compliance with regulatory guidelines and directions may result in substantial penalties and negatively affect our reputation. If we were to be found non-compliant, we could be fined or prohibited from engaging in certain business activities, among other things. In addition, the regulations applicable to us also govern other aspects of our business operations such as our conduct with borrowers, recovery practices, market conduct and foreign investment. 

The RBI has also issued Scale Based Regulation under which our Company has to operate within certain restrictions and standards, _inter alia_ , as provided below: 

- a) maintain a minimum net owned fund of ₹70 million by March 31, 2025 and ₹100 million by March 31, 2027; 

- b) revise NPA overdue period from 180 days to 90 days based on the glide path suggested under the new circular; 

- c) ensure that at least one director on board shall have relevant experience of having worked in a bank or NBFC **;** 

- d) the ceiling on providing funding for investment in initial public offers shall be ₹1,000 million per borrower for financing subscriptions to initial public offers; 

- e) make a thorough internal assessment of the need for capital, commensurate with the risks in our business as part of the internal capital adequacy assessment process; 

- f) credit concentration limits prescribed for our Company separately for lending and investments have been merged into a single exposure limit of 25% for a single borrower and 40% for single group of borrowers. Additionally, the concentration limits shall be determined with reference to our Tier-1 capital instead of our owned fund; 

- g) exposure to capital market (direct and indirect) and commercial real estate shall be treated as sensitive exposure for our Company and we are required to fix internal limits on these sectors accordingly; 

- h) certain regulatory restrictions in relation to loans to be given to directors, their relatives, entities where such directors or relatives hold majority of the shareholding and certain other individuals associated with our Company; and 

- i) corporate governance norms in relation to KMPs, directors and chief compliance officers. 

Further, many of the regulations applicable to our operations may be subject to varying interpretations. If the interpretation of the regulators and authorities varies from our interpretation, we may be deemed to be contravention of such laws and may be subject to penalties and legal proceedings against us. Unfavorable changes in or interpretations of existing laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and investments in our Company by non-residents, could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such differing interpretations, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Further, uncertainty in the application, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as 

36 

costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

**_13. Any disruption in our sources of funding or increase in costs of funding could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition._** 

The liquidity and profitability of our business depend, in large part, on our timely access to, and the costs associated with, raising funds. Our funding requirements have historically been met from various sources, including bank loans, NCDs, equity and subordinated debt as well as cash flows from operations to fund our operations, capital expenditure and expansion. As such, our business depends and will continue to depend on our ability to access a variety of funding sources. Our listed NCDs aggregating to ₹3,800 million and unlisted NCDs aggregating to ₹2,294 million will mature in the remainder of the financial years 2023 and 2024. For more details on the maturity of our listed NCDs, please see “ _Financial Indebtedness – Listed debt securities of our Company_ ” on page 378. Further, our ability to compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to maintain or increase our margins. Our margins are affected to a certain extent by our ability to continue to secure low-cost funding at rates lower than the interest rates at which we lend to our customers. As of June 30, 2022 and March 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, our weighted average cost of borrowing for our top five lenders (in terms of total outstanding amount as of the respective date) was 9.92%, 9.80%, 10.37% and 11.45%, respectively. Our ability to raise funds at competitive rates depends on various factors, including our current and future financial condition and results of operations, our risk management policies, our ability to maintain certain financial ratios, our credit ratings, our brand equity, the regulatory environment and policy initiatives in India and developments in the international markets affecting the Indian economy. 

We may not be able to secure financing on favorable terms and in a timely manner, or at all. The terms of any additional financing may place limits on our financial and operational flexibility. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us, or at an effective cost that is comparable to or lower than that of our competitors, our net interest margins, income and market share may be adversely affected and our ability to grow or support our business and to respond to business challenges could be limited. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Further, the restrictions imposed on NBFCs by the RBI through the NBFC-ND-SI Master Directions, as well as Priority Sector Lending targets, may restrict our ability to obtain bank financing for specific activities. Our ability to raise foreign funds through debt is governed by RBI regulations and is subject to certain restrictions, including raising loans only from certain recognized lenders and with minimum average maturity of not less than three years. The NBFC-ND-SI Master Directions also imposes certain restrictions in relation to changes in the shareholding of our Company beyond certain thresholds. For further details, please see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 201. Changes in economic, regulatory and financial conditions or any lack of liquidity in the market could adversely affect our ability to access funds at competitive rates, or at all, which could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. 

In addition, any changes to the regulations on priority sector lending may also disrupt our sources of funding. The RBI currently mandates domestic scheduled commercial banks (excluding regional rural banks and SFBs) and foreign banks with 20 branches and above, operating in India, to maintain an aggregate 40.00% of adjusted net bank credit or credit equivalent amount of off-balance sheet exposure, whichever is higher, as “priority sector lending”. These include advances to agriculture, micro, small and medium enterprises, export, credit and other sectors where the Government seeks to encourage flow of credit for developmental reasons. Banks in India that have traditionally been constrained or unable to meet these requirements directly have instead relied on institutions such as us that are focused on microfinance lending to help them meet their priority sector lending targets. In the event that the laws relating to priority sector lending as applicable to the banks undergo a change, or if any part of our loan portfolio is no longer classified as a priority sector lending by the RBI, or if we are no longer able to satisfy the prescribed conditions to be eligible for such classification, our ability to raise resources based on priority sector advances would be hampered, which may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. 

**_14. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively or sustain our historical growth rates, our business and reputation could be adversely affected._** 

Our business has experienced significant growth over the past few years. Our network of branches and 

37 

customers in India expanded significantly from 171 branches serving 0.47 million active borrowers, as of March 31, 2016, to 966 branches serving 2.90 million customers, as of June 30, 2022. As part of our growth strategy, we expect the expansion of our geographic footprint and network of branches to continue, see “ _Our Business – Strategies – Deepen, Strengthen and Expand Geographic Presence_ ” on page 180. Such expansion may further constrain our capital and human resources, and make asset quality management more challenging. As we grow our business and move to newer geographies, we may face risks, uncertainties and difficulties such as increased competition, different culture, regulatory regimes, business practices, customs, behavior and preferences, and our current experience may not be applicable to new markets and businesses. As a result, we may not be able to maintain our historical growth rates, the level of our NPAs or the quality of our portfolio. 

We are also focused on offering more diversified products and services as part of our growth strategy, as we believe that our large customer base provides significant opportunities from increased cross-selling and upselling of products and services, at a cost lower than our competitors, see “ _Our Business – Strategies – Leverage our Network, Domain Expertise and Data to Enhance Product Offering_ ” on page 181. We cannot assure you that any such new products or services will be successful, whether because of our own shortcomings or as a result of circumstances beyond our control, such as general economic conditions or competition from existing or new players in these business verticals or otherwise. We may also be required to comply with additional regulations, incur significant costs to establish the specialized infrastructure at some of our branches and recruit appropriately skilled employees, and face increased competition for such new products and services, which may strain our business and financial condition. Any of these factors may adversely affect our ability to diversify into new offerings, which may have an adverse effect on our business and prospects. 

In addition, we will need to continue to enhance and upgrade our financial, accounting, information technology, administrative, risk management and operational infrastructure and internal capabilities in order to manage such growth of our business effectively. However, we may be unable to develop adequate infrastructure, devote sufficient financial resources, or attract or retain talent to manage our growth. We may not be able to implement the necessary improvements in a timely manner, or at all, and we may encounter deficiencies in existing control systems. If we are unable to manage our future expansion successfully or to sustain the growth rates we have achieved since our inception, our ability to provide products and services to our customers would be adversely affected, and, as a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation could be adversely affected. 

# **_15. We require several statutory and regulatory approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions to conduct our business and an inability to obtain or maintain such approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions in a timely manner, or at all, may adversely affect our operations._** 

NBFCs, including NBFC-MFIs, in India are subject to strict regulation and supervision by the RBI. We require several approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions to operate our business, including a registration for our Company with the RBI as an NBFC-MFI as well as various other corporate actions. We are also required to comply with certain RBI prescribed requirements, including classification of NPAs and provisioning, KYC requirements, qualifying assets and other internal control mechanisms. See “ _Key Regulations and Policies”_ on page 201. We would also be required to maintain such permits and approvals and obtain new permits and approvals for any proposed expansion strategy or diversification into additional business lines or new financial products. We cannot assure you that the relevant authorities will issue any such permits or approvals in a timely manner, or at all, or on favorable terms and conditions. Our failure to comply with the terms and conditions of such permits or approvals or to maintain or obtain the required permits or approvals may result in an interruption of our business operations and may have an adverse effect on our operations. 

If we are unable to comply with applicable requirements within the specified time limit, or at all, we may be subject to regulatory actions by the RBI, including the levy of fines or penalties or the cancellation of our license to operate as an NBFC-MFI. In addition, we require several registrations to operate our branches in the ordinary course of business. These registrations include those required to be obtained or maintained under applicable legislations governing shops and establishments, professional tax, labor-related registrations and GST registrations of the particular state in which we operate. Out of the abovementioned operational licenses required to run our business, the license for shops and establishments has to be periodically renewed after 

38 

certain years under the laws of certain states. The validity of such shops and establishment licenses typically ranges from one year to three years, depending on the state where it is obtained in. In this regard, our Company has either applied, or is in the process of applying for renewals of them. For further information on our key approvals and licenses, see “ _Government and Other Approvals”_ on page 385. 

If we fail to obtain or retain any of these approvals or licenses, or renewals thereof, in a timely manner, or at all, our business may be adversely affected. If we fail to comply, or a regulator claims that we have not complied, with any of these conditions, we may be liable to fines or penalties, and our certificates of registration may be suspended or cancelled and we would no longer be able to carry on such activities required for our business. 

Further, several of the licenses and approvals required in relation to our branches are subject to local state or municipal laws. We have obtained a significant number of, but not all, approvals, licenses, registrations and permits that we require from the relevant authorities. For example, some of our branches are located in areas that have recently been required to obtain registrations under shops and establishments legislations, and we are yet to apply for such registrations. 

**_16. We must maintain a minimum capital to risk-weighted assets ratio, and lack of access to capital may prevent us from maintaining an adequate ratio._** 

As an NBFC-MFI, the RBI requires us to maintain a minimum capital to risk-weighted assets ratio (“ **CRAR** ”) consisting of Tier I and Tier II capital of 15.00% of our aggregate risk weighted assets on-balance sheet. Further, the total of our Tier II capital cannot exceed 100.00% of our Tier I capital at any point of time. Our ability to support and grow our business would become limited if our CRAR is low. As we continue to grow our loan portfolio and asset base, we will be required to raise additional Tier I and Tier II capital to continue to meet the applicable CRAR with respect to our business. We cannot assure you that we will be able to raise adequate additional capital in the future on terms favorable to us, and this may adversely affect the growth of our business. 

In addition, any changes in the RBI or other government actions in relation to securitizations or assignments by NBFCs in general or MFIs specifically, including if any assignment is held unenforceable under applicable law, could have an adverse effect on our assignment and securitization plans in the future. This may result in non–compliance with applicable capital requirements, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we are unable to meet any existing or new and revised requirements, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

# **_17. Our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected by certain state regulations._** 

While NBFC-MFIs are currently regulated by the RBI, the respective state government of the states where we operate may pass laws either _suo moto_ , or in response to any legal action initiated against the NBFC-MFIs of a state, which impact the business of NBFC-MFIs. We cannot assure you that any such actions taken by the state governments in these states will not adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, a number of states in India have enacted laws to regulate money-lending transactions. These state laws establish maximum rates of interest that can be charged by a person lending money. However, the Supreme Court has recently pronounced that the state enactments have no application to NBFCs registered under the RBI Act and regulated by the central bank, including in relation to capping of interest rates. In addition, certain states, including those in which we have operations, have in the past instituted farm loan waiver schemes as a policy instrument to alleviate the financial distress of farmers. Such large-scale government enforcement of loan write-offs may, in the long-run, impair the loan repayment culture in the farm sector as farmers may become willing defaulters in anticipation of the next loan waiver scheme. This disruption in credit discipline may undermine the financial status of financial institutions that loan to the farm sector in such states, including us. 

More states may also begin regulating these matters and, given our presence across 19 states and union territories as of June 30, 2022, ensuring proper compliance with the regulations of all such states could be onerous. For example, earlier this year, the Assam legislative enacted “The Assam Micro Finance Institutions (Regulation of Money Lending) Act, 2020” (the “ **Assam Act** ”). The Assam Act aims to regulate money 

39 

lending activities of MFIs or money lending agencies or organizations (the “ **Money Lenders** ”) operating in the state. As of June 30, 2022, our Company had 20 branches in the state of Assam that contributed to ₹106.65 million or 0.14% of our overall AUM as of such date. We are assessing the potential impact the Assam Act could have on our branches, or on the overall microfinance industry in general, in the state of Assam. 

In the event that the government of any state in India requires us to comply with the provisions of their respective state money-lending laws, or imposes any penalty against us, our Directors or our officers, including for prior non-compliance, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

# **_18. Any non-compliance with mandatory AML and KYC policies could expose us to additional liability and harm our business and reputation._** 

In accordance with the legal and regulatory requirements applicable to us, we are required to comply with applicable AML and KYC regulations in India. These laws and regulations require us, among other things, to adopt and enforce AML and KYC policies and procedures. See “ _Key Regulations and Policies – Key Regulations Applicable to Our Company – Master Direction (Know Your Customer) Directions, 2016 dated February 25, 2016, as amended (the “KYC Directions”)_ ” on page 206. While we have adopted policies and procedures aimed at collecting and maintaining all AML and KYC related information from our customers to detect and prevent the use of our business networks for money-laundering activities, there may be instances where we may be used by other parties in attempts to engage in money-laundering and other illegal or improper activities. 

We have internal policies, processes and controls in place to prevent and detect AML activity and ensure KYC compliance, and have taken necessary corrective measures. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to fully control instances of any potential or attempted conduct of illegal or improper activities by any party and may accordingly be subject to regulatory actions including imposition of fines and other penalties by the relevant government agencies to which we report. Our business and reputation could suffer if any such party uses or attempts to use us for money-laundering or illegal or improper purposes, and such attempts are not detected or reported to the appropriate authorities in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. 

**_19. Any failure, inadequacy and security breach in our information technology systems, or any fraud and cyber-attacks targeted at disrupting our services, may adversely affect our business._** 

Our operations depend on our ability to process a large number of transactions on a daily basis across our network of offices. Our financial, accounting or other data processing systems may fail to operate adequately or become disabled as a result of events that are beyond our control, including a disruption of electrical or communications services, particularly in the rural areas in which we operate. A significant system breakdown, network outage or system failure caused by intentional or unintentional acts would have an adverse effect on our revenue-generating activities and lead to financial loss. As we grow our business, the inability of our systems to accommodate an increasing volume of transactions could also constrain our ability to expand. The information available to and received by our management through our existing systems may not be timely and sufficient to manage risks or to plan for and respond to changes in market conditions and other developments in our operations. We may experience difficulties in upgrading, developing and expanding our systems quickly enough to accommodate our growing customer base and range of products. 

Our operations also rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our information technology systems and networks. Our information technology systems, software, including software licensed from vendors, and networks may be vulnerable to computer viruses or other malicious code and other events that could compromise data integrity and security and result in identity theft, for which we could potentially be liable. Our controls may not be adequate to prevent frauds and cyberattacks targeted at disrupting our services, such as hacking, phishing and theft of sensitive internal data or customer information, which could lead to losses to our customers and us. The frequency of such cyber threats may increase in the future with the increased digitization of our services. Not only are we exposed to such risks from our own actions or those of our employees, but from actions of our third-party service providers, whom we do not control. Moreover, since we review and retain, in our ordinary course of business, sensitive personal data of our customers for diligence and KYC checks, any security breaches in our systems could 

40 

give rise to regulatory liability or litigation. In June 2017, the RBI issued master directions on information technology frameworks for NBFCs which prescribe measures to be adopted by NBFCs to minimize cyber risk, including adoption of IT strategy policies (overseen by a strategy committee), information and cyber security protocols and policies, and reporting of cyber-security incidents and breaches to the RBI from time to time. For further details, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies – Key Regulations Applicable to Our Company – Master Direction - Information Technology Framework for the NBFC Sector Directions, dated June 8, 2017 (“IT Framework Directions”)_ ” on page 207. 

Any failure to effectively maintain or improve or upgrade our information technology and management information systems in a timely and cost-effective manner could adversely affect our competitiveness, financial position and results of operations. Moreover, if any of these systems do not operate properly or are disabled or if there are other shortcomings or failures in our internal processes or systems, it could affect our operations or result in financial loss, disruption of our business, regulatory intervention or damage to our reputation. In addition, our ability to conduct business may be adversely impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our business. Any cyber-security breach could also subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny and expose us to civil litigation and related financial liability.” 

**_20. Competition from other MFIs, banks and financial institutions, as well as state-sponsored social programs, may adversely affect our profitability and standing in the Indian microcredit lending industry._** 

We face our most significant organized competition from other MFIs, banks and state-sponsored social programs in India. For details, see “ _Our Business – Description of our Business – Competition_ ” on page 198. In addition, many of our potential customers in the lower income segments do not have access to any form of organized institutional lending, and rely on loans from informal sources, especially moneylenders, landlords, local shopkeepers and traders, at much higher rates. Many of the institutions with which we compete may be larger in terms of business volume or may have greater assets, higher geographical penetration and better access to, and lower cost of, funding than we do. In certain areas, they may also have better brand recognition and larger customer bases than us. We anticipate that we may encounter greater competition as we continue expanding our operations in India, and this may result in an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Traditional commercial banks as well as regional and cooperative banks may continue to increase their participation in microfinance, such as by financing the loan programs of self-help groups often in partnership with NGOs, or through certain state-sponsored social programs. Further, most small finance banks (“ **SFBs** ”) which received approval from the RBI for the commencement of SFB operations are focused on low and middle income individuals and micro, small and medium enterprises. Further, some commercial banks are also beginning to directly compete with for-profit MFIs, including through the business correspondent operating model, for lower income segment customers in certain geographies. In addition, as competition amongst microfinance players increases, borrowers may take more than one loan from different microfinance players, which may adversely affect our asset quality or the asset quality of the industry as a whole. 

**_21. We are subject to certain conditions and restrictions in terms of our financing arrangements, which could restrict our ability to conduct our business and operations in the manner we desire and affect our results of operations and profitability._** 

As of June 30, 2022, we had total borrowings amounting to ₹60,099.69 million, comprising debt securities amounting to ₹7,537.66 million, borrowings (other than debt securities) amounting to ₹50,935.37 million and subordinated liabilities amounting to ₹1,626.66 million. As of the same date, we had utilized all of our borrowings, including ₹56,124.56 million in the form of secured loans and ₹3,975.13 million in the form of unsecured loans and other debt instruments. For further details on our borrowing profile and the maturity profile of our borrowings, see “ _Selected Statistical Information – Financial Metrics – Borrowing Profile_ ” and “ _Selected Statistical Information – Financial Metrics – Asset Liability Management_ ” on pages 359 and 361, respectively. Incurring indebtedness is a direct consequence of the nature of our business, and having a large outstanding borrowings portfolio may have significant implications on our business and results of operations including, among others: 

- low availability of cash flow for capital expenditures and other general corporate requirements; 

41 

- fluctuations in market interest rates may affect the cost of our borrowings, as some of our indebtedness is at variable interest rates; 

- our ability to obtain additional financing in the future at acceptable terms; 

- triggering provisions of cross-default across multiple financing arrangements; 

- adverse and onerous implications (including limitations on the use of funds in the relevant facility) in the event of inability to comply with financial and other covenants specified in the financing agreements; 

- the right to recall loans by our lenders; and 

- reduction in the ability to respond to changing business, regulatory and economic conditions. 

Some of the financing arrangements entered into by us also include conditions that require us to obtain the respective lender’s consent prior to carrying out certain activities and to keep them informed of certain matters. These covenants vary depending on the requirements of the financial institution extending the loan and may include provisions that, among other things: 

- require us to maintain specified levels of types of assets; 

- require us to maintain specified financial covenants including capital adequacy and debt-equity ratios; 

- restrict the issuance of equity shares or change the capital structure of our Company; 

- restrict the declaration or payment of dividends or other distributions; 

- restrict entering into certain transactions such as schemes of reconstruction, reorganizations, schemes of arrangement or compromise, amalgamations and mergers; 

- restrict changes to the board of directors or changes in the management of our Company; 

- restrict the creation of charge or lien over certain assets; 

- restrict the incurrence of additional indebtedness, including providing guarantees; 

- restrict making certain payments, including entering into specified financial transactions with entities; 

- restrict investments or purchase of assets; 

- restrict certain shareholders from sale or transfer of their Equity Shares of our Company; 

- restrict entering into specified related party transactions; and 

- restrict changes to the memorandum and articles of our Company. 

Failure to observe covenants under our financing arrangements or failure to obtain necessary waivers may lead to the termination of our credit facilities, acceleration of amounts due under such facilities, trigger of cross-default provisions and the enforcement of security provided. We cannot assure you that we would be able to persuade our lenders to grant extensions or refrain from exercising such rights which may adversely affect our operations and cash flows. Our lenders also have the ability to recall or accelerate all or part of the amounts owed by us, subject to the terms of the relevant financing arrangement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to repay our loans in full, or at all, at the receipt of a recall or acceleration notice, or otherwise. 

42 

Our inability to comply with the conditions prescribed under the financing arrangements, or repay the loans as per the repayment schedule, may have an adverse effect on our credit ratings, profitability, business, results of operations and financial performance. As of June 30, 2022, we had experienced two instances of breaches of gross NPA and net NPA covenants in the past. These related to financial covenants under the terms of our 11.50% secured rated listed senior taxable transferable redeemable non-convertible debentures held by Indian Bank (the “ **Indian Bank NCDs** ”) and secured rated listed taxable transferable redeemable non-convertible debentures held by AU Small Finance Bank. While we received a waiver for the relevant breach from AU Small Finance Bank, we are yet to receive a waiver from Indian Bank. However, the Indian Bank NCDs are currently subsisting and no penalty has been imposed on us pursuant to the relevant breach. As of June 30, 2022, an amount of ₹198.70 million was outstanding in relation to the Indian Bank NCDs. Unless we are able to receive the relevant waiver, we expect that we will continue to be in breach of such covenants and we cannot assure you that we will receive the relevant waiver in the future or whether any cross-default provisions will be triggered under our other financing agreements. Any future failure to satisfactorily comply with any condition or covenant (including technical defaults) under our financing agreements or any new financing agreements we may enter into in the future may lead to an event of default which may result in actions including termination of one or more of our credit facilities, acceleration of amounts due under such facilities and imposition of penalty interest, as well as trigger cross-defaults under certain of our other financing agreements which may result in the recalling of the loans provided under those financing agreements. Any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects as well as our ability to meet our payment obligations under our debt financing agreements. 

**_22. Concerns about the financial terms of loans provided by us may adversely affect our reputation and thereby the growth and the market acceptance of our products and services._** 

We provide loans to women, belonging to low-income groups in rural areas. As a result of our business model of providing financial services at the villages of our customers, our expenses, particularly, finance, employee, travel and rent costs are quite high. This, along with our cost of financing, may result in the interest rates we charge to our customers to be higher than the interest rates banks generally charge. This observation, including the terms of our loans, continue to be the subject of careful evaluation, analysis and often, criticism. Numerous critiques have been published about, among other things, the interest rate that microfinance companies charge and their collection model. Perception of our business and business model, including, among others, by social and political workers, humanitarians or disgruntled former stakeholders, despite our initiative to provide financing to individuals who have none, or very limited access to loans from institutional sources of funding, could harm our reputation. Further, farmers and rural customers may undergo stress in meeting repayment schedules due to failure of crop harvests or other factors, resulting in significant publicity and media coverage. Any adverse publicity may adversely affect our growth and the market acceptance of our products and services. 

**_23. Changes in the tenure of our loan products could result in asset liability mismatches and expose us to interest rate and liquidity risks, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We may face adverse asset-liability mismatches in the future, which could expose us to interest rate and liquidity risks. The NBFC-ND-SI Master Directions require every loan above ₹30,000 issued by an NBFCMFI as part of its “microfinance loans” to have a minimum maturity of 24 months, for which a matching funding source of similar maturity may not be available to us. In November 2015, the RBI increased the minimum loan amount subject to the minimum 24-month tenure requirement from ₹15,000 to ₹30,000. Loans with a tenure of 24 months represented ₹61,758.13 million or 85.41% of our total gross AUM as of June 30, 2022 _._ We may face potential liquidity risks due to varying periods over which our assets and liabilities may mature. Such mismatches could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_24. Any failure or material weakness of our internal control systems could cause significant operational errors, which would adversely affect our reputation and profitability._** 

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal measures and controls commensurate with the size and the complexity of our operations. Our internal or concurrent audit functions are equipped to 

43 

make an independent evaluation of the adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls on an ongoing basis to ensure that business personnel adhere to our policies, compliance requirements and internal guidelines. While we periodically test and update our internal control systems as necessary, we are exposed to operational risks arising from the potential inadequacy or failure of internal processes or systems, and our actions may not be sufficient to guarantee effective internal controls in all circumstances. 

Given our high volume of transactions, it is possible that a few errors may repeat or compound before they are discovered and rectified. Our management information systems and internal control procedures that are designed to monitor our operations and overall compliance may not identify every instance of non-compliance or every suspicious transaction. If internal control weaknesses are identified, our actions may not be prompt or sufficient to fully correct such internal control weakness. We face operational risks in our business and there may be losses due to deficiencies in the credit sanction process, inaccurate financial reporting and fraud and failure of critical systems and processes. In addition, we carry out certain processes manually, which may increase the risk that human error, tampering or manipulation will result in losses that may be difficult to detect. As a result, we may suffer losses and our reputation and profitability may be adversely affected. 

**_25. Our non-convertible debentures are listed on the BSE and we are subject to rules and regulations with respect to such listed non-convertible debentures. Additionally, as a ‘high value debt listed entity’, we are subject to additional compliances under SEBI Listing Regulations. If we fail to comply with such rules and regulations, we may be subject to certain penal actions, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our non-convertible debentures are listed on the debt segment of BSE. We are required to comply with various applicable rules and regulations, including the applicable SEBI regulations and applicable provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, in terms of our listed nonconvertible debentures. If we fail to comply with such rules and regulations, we may be subject to certain penal actions, including, without limitation, restrictions on the further issuance of securities and the freezing of transfers of securities, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. For details of such listed non-convertible debentures, see “ _Financial Indebtedness – Listed debt securities of our Company_ ” on page 378. 

Further, our Company qualified as a ‘high value debt listed entity’ as per the thresholds set out under the SEBI Listing Regulations in November 2021. As a ‘high value debt listed entity’, Chapter IV of the SEBI Listing Regulations will be applicable to our Company on a ‘comply or explain’ basis until March 31, 2023 and thereafter on a mandatory basis. Accordingly, the required compliance with Chapter IV of the SEBI Listing Regulations may cause additional compliance and legal costs for our Company and any noncompliance in relation to this may attract penalties, which may affect our financials adversely. The laws and regulations governing the banking and financial services industry in India have become increasingly complex and cover a wide variety of issues, such as interest rates, liquidity, investments, ethical issues, money laundering and privacy. These laws and regulations can be amended, supplemented or changed at any time such that we may be required to redesign our activities and incur additional expenses to comply with such laws and regulations, which could adversely affect our business and our financial performance. For details, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” beginning on page 201. 

**_26. We may be subject to regulatory or other proceedings in connection with any unauthorized transactions, fraud or misappropriation by our employees, which could adversely affect our business and goodwill._** 

We may be subject to regulatory or other proceedings in connection with any unauthorized transactions, fraud or misappropriation by our employees, which could adversely affect our business and goodwill. Our business is also susceptible to fraud by other agents through the forgery of documents and unauthorized collection of instalments on behalf of us. Certain instances of fraud and misconduct by our employees may go unnoticed for some time before they are discovered and successfully rectified. Even when we discover instances of fraud and other misconduct and pursue legal recourse or file claims with our insurance carriers, we cannot assure you that we will recover any amounts lost through such fraud or other misconduct. Our dependence upon automated systems to record and process transactions may further increase the risk that technical system flaws or employee tampering or manipulation of such systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect or recover. During the last three financial years and the three months ended June 30, 2022, we registered 884 instances of fraud or misappropriation by our employees, which were for an aggregate amount of 

44 

   - ₹32.50 million. 

**_27. We may have difficulties in managing our operating expenses structure in the case of a decline in volumes of disbursement and the size of our AUM._** 

In cases of significant reduction in new disbursements and any significant reduction in our business, we may not be able to adjust our employee numbers commensurately and reduce our employee benefits expenses in a relatively shorter period. Our employee benefits expenses amounted to ₹722.32 million, ₹513.66 million, ₹2,330.66 million, ₹1,686.40 million and ₹1,483.33 million accounting for 74.42%, 76.73%, 74.64%, 76.51% and 74.19% of our operating expenses (which includes employee benefits expenses, depreciation and amortization and other expenses) for the three months ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, and the financial years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and our AUM was ₹73,890.23 million, ₹46,310.91 million, ₹67,859.71 million, ₹46,378.39 million and ₹36,065.24 million as of June 30, 2022 and 2021, and March 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Other large components of our operating expenses include rent, office maintenance and travelling and conveyance expenses, which may be difficult to reduce quickly. 

Further, our existing customers may prefer to obtain credit from our competitors over us, or we may incur additional costs on training new employees if our skilled employees decide to leave us. It may take us a longer period of time than is optimal in order to adjust our employee numbers or reduce the associated personnel costs, in the event of any significant reduction in our business. Our inability to retain sufficient flexibility in our cost structure and adjust to changing business circumstances may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**_28. Our business and financial performance may be adversely affected in the event of any deterioration in the performance of any pool of receivables assigned or securitized to banks and other institutions or if any such assigned or securitized receivables are held to be unenforceable under applicable law._** 

We may, in the ordinary course of business, assign or securitize a portion of our receivables from our loan portfolio to banks and other financial institutions in order to improve liquidity and minimize risks. Such assignment and securitization transactions are undertaken by us on the basis of our internal estimates of funding requirements, and may vary from time to time. The outstanding value of our loans securitized and assigned was ₹5,344.12 million, ₹5,859.80 million, ₹1,263.87 million and ₹2,188.17 million as of June 30, 2022 and March 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Any change in RBI or other government regulations in relation to assignments and securitizations by NBFCs could have an adverse impact on our securitization program. 

In our financial statements, we make a provision for securitized loans. However, in the event the banks or NBFCs do not realize the receivables due under loans that have been securitized, the relevant banks or NBFCs can enforce the underlying credit enhancements assured by us. Should the assignee banks or any other financial institutions seek to enforce the underlying credit enhancements, which are provided up to a specified percentage of the underlying loans, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Further, any deterioration in the performance of any batch of receivables assigned or securitized to banks and NBFCs could adversely affect our credit ratings and credibility and therefore our ability to conduct further assignments and securitizations. In addition, our loan assignment agreements may contain certain representations and warranties made by us regarding the assigned loans, which, if breached could result in additional costs and expenses to us. We may also be named as a party in legal proceedings initiated by such financial institution in relation to the assigned or securitized assets. If any of the foregoing were to occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

In addition, any change in the RBI or other government regulations in relation to assignments and securitizations by NBFCs could have an adverse effect on our business. If in the future, one or more of the assignment transactions entered into by us is held to be unenforceable by a court of law, we may be required to terminate such assignment transactions. If such assignment of receivables is held to be unenforceable under applicable law, or the laws, rules and regulations governing assignments and securitizations change, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

**_29. We have entered into related-party transactions which may potentially involve conflicts of interest._** 

45 

We have entered into certain transactions with related parties and are likely to continue to do so in the future. For details on our related-party transactions as per Ind AS 24 read with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, see “ _Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 246. Although all related-party transactions that we may enter into post-listing will be subject to approval by our Audit Committee, Board or shareholders, as required under the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI Listing Regulations, we cannot assure you that such transactions in the future or any future transactions, individually or in aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows or that we could not have achieved more favorable terms if such transactions had not been entered into with related parties. Such related-party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest which may be detrimental to the interest of our Company. 

**_30. One of our Promoters has given, and our Promoters may in the future give, personal guarantees to various third parties._** 

Our Promoter, Devesh Sachdev, provides personal guarantees to various third parties from time to time, on behalf of our Company, in relation to financial assistance availed by such entities in the normal course of their business. As of June 30, 2022, the total amount outstanding under such personal guarantees was ₹4,138.41 million. Our other Promoters may also provide such personal guarantees to third parties in the future. In the event such third parties default on any of their obligations in respect of the financial assistance availed by them, the personal guarantees issued by any of our Promoters in the future, may be invoked against them. In such event, the reputation and financial position of our Promoters may be adversely affected, which may consequently affect our reputation and business prospects. 

**_31. As an NBFC-MFI, we are subject to periodic inspections by the RBI. Non-compliance with observations made by the RBI during these inspections could expose us to penalties and restrictions._** 

As an RBI-registered NBFC-MFI, we are subject to periodic inspections by the RBI to verify the correctness or completeness of our business and operations, internal controls, and any statement, information or particulars furnished to the RBI. The RBI has, following its previous inspections, made observations in relation to our Company that have required us to, among other things, submit explanations and documentary evidence supporting our compliance and take corrective actions in accordance with such observations. Such observations related to, among other things, (a) mismatch in the assessment of net owned fund and capital to risk weighted assets ratio; (b) certain deviations from the loan policy; (c) absence of a policy for credit concentration in states/geographical regions; (d) certain discrepancies in our loan applications; (e) requirement to strengthen internal controls in relation to frauds; and (f) absence of a system of a concurrent audit. 

We have made the necessary submissions and revisions in line with and submitted our responses to observations made by the RBI in its inspection reports in the past, and have not received any adverse remarks following the submission of our responses. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to respond to the observations made by the RBI in its inspection reports in the future to its satisfaction, or that the RBI will not make an adverse remark or impose a penalty as a consequence of such inspections. If we are unable to resolve such deficiencies and other matters to the RBI's satisfaction, we could be exposed to penalties and restrictions, and our ability to conduct our business may be adversely affected. 

**_32. Failure to train and motivate our employees may lead to an increase in our employee attrition rates and our results of operations could be adversely affected as a result of any disputes with our employees._** 

Our operations are personnel-driven, and we place significant emphasis on the effective training of our personnel in communication and service orientation skills. However, failure to train and motivate our employees may lead to an increase in our employee attrition rates, erode the quality of customer service, divert management resources and impose significant costs on us which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. We employed 9,262 permanent employees as of June 30, 2022, and place significant emphasis on our employees’ overall welfare. However, we cannot assure you that there will not be any future disruptions in our operations due to any disputes with our employees. Further, we depend on our branch-level employees for sourcing, disbursements and collections and customer liaison, and significant attrition at any of our branches could adversely affect our operations. Moreover, in the event of a labor dispute, protracted negotiations and strike action may impair our ability to carry on our day-to-day operations, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

46 

In addition, some of our existing employees may not be content with the solutions offered in response to their grievances by a whistle-blower mechanism that has been adopted by us. Some of these existing and former employees could engage in actions detrimental to us and our business. We may not be able to predict or control the effects of these actions, which could have an adverse effect on our business. 

**_33. Our success depends, in large part, upon our management team and skilled personnel and on our ability to attract and retain such persons._** 

We depend on the services of our senior management and key employees, many of whom have significant experience in the banking and financial services industries, for our continued operations and growth. Our business is also dependent on our team of relationship managers who directly manage our relationships with our customers. The RBI also mandates NBFCs to have in place supervisory standards to ensure that directors have appropriate qualifications, technical expertise and a sound track record, and such requirements may make it more difficult for us to identify suitable replacement for our directors. For further details, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies – Key Regulations and Policies – Key Regulations Applicable to Our Company – Master Direction – Non-Banking Financial Company – Systemically Important Non-Deposit taking Company and Deposit taking Company (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016 dated September 1, 2016, as amended (the “Master Directions”)_ ” on page 201. 

As a result, our success will depend in large part on our ability to identify, attract and retain skilled managerial and other personnel. Competition for individuals with specialized knowledge and experience is intense in our industry, and we may be unable to attract, motivate, integrate or retain qualified personnel at levels of experience that are necessary to maintain our quality and reputation or to sustain or expand our operations. For the three months ended June 30, 2022 and during the financial years 2022, 2021 and 2020, we had 679 employees, 2,312 employees, 1,579 employees and 1,647 employees, respectively, resign or terminated, representing an employee attrition rate (defined as the number of employees that have resigned or been terminated during the specified year divided by the monthly average number of employees for that year) of 29.94%, 31.13%, 28.71% and 32.65% respectively. 

The loss of key personnel or our inability to identify, attract and retain qualified personnel may restrict our ability to grow, execute our strategy, raise the profile of our brand, raise funding, make strategic decisions and manage the overall running of our operations, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_34. We depend on the recognition of the “Fusion” brand, and failure to use, maintain and enhance awareness of the brand, or to protect our intellectual property rights, may adversely affect our business._** 



Our name and intellectual property rights, in particular our trademark for our “ ” wordmark and logo, which we own, are significant to our business and operations. We believe that any damage to our brand or reputation could substantially impair our ability to maintain or grow our business, or have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we fail to maintain brand recognition with our target customers due to any issues with our product offerings, a deterioration in service quality, or otherwise, or if any premium in value attributed to our business or to the brand under which our services are provided declines, market perception and customer acceptance of our brand may also decline. Any negative news affecting us might also affect our reputation and brand value. In such an event, we may not be able to compete for customers effectively, and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Further, we may not be able to prevent infringement of our trademarks and a passing off action may not provide sufficient protection pending registry of our trademarks. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain registration of all the trademarks applied for in our name, and such failure may materially and adversely affect our business prospects, reputation and goodwill. 

**_35. Certain of our shareholders, Directors and/or their respective affiliates may have invested or may invest in other companies engaged in similar businesses thereby giving rise to a conflict of interest._** 

Certain of our shareholders, including our Promoters, are investment entities. These investment entities or their affiliates may invest in other companies engaged in similar businesses. As at the date of this Red Herring 

47 

Prospectus, certain of our Directors, namely Namrata Kaul and Ratna Dharashree have interests in entities that are engaged in businesses similar to ours. We cannot assure you that our Directors will not provide competitive services or otherwise compete in business lines in which we are already present or will enter into in future. In the event that any conflicts of interest arise, our Directors may make decisions regarding our operations, financial structure or commercial transactions that may not be in our shareholders’ best interest. It may also enable a competitor to take advantage of a corporate opportunity at our expense. Such decisions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Should we face any such conflicts in the future, there is no guarantee that they will get resolved in our favour. 

# **_36. There are outstanding legal proceedings against our Company and our Directors._** 

There are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company and our Directors. These proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals, enquiry officers and appellate tribunals. The tables below set forth a summary of the litigation involving our Company and our Directors. The amounts involved in these proceedings have been summarized to the extent ascertainable and quantifiable. For further details of such outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company and our Directors, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 379. 

|**Name of Entity**|**Criminal**<br>**Proceedings**|**Tax**<br>**Proceedings**|**Statutory or**<br>**Regulatory**<br>**Proceedings**|**Disciplinary**<br>**actions by the**<br>**SEBI or Stock**<br>**Exchanges against**<br>**our Promoters**|**Material Civil**<br>**Litigations**|**Aggregate**<br>**amount**<br>**involved (₹ in**<br>**million)**<sup>*****</sup>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Company**|||||||
|By our Company|309|-|-|-|-|57.18|
|Against<br>our<br>Company|-|-|2|<br>-|-|<br>1.35|
|**Directors**|||||||
|By our Directors|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|Against<br>our<br>Directors|-|2|-|<br>-|1|<br>776.31<sup>**</sup>|
|**Promoters**|||||||
|Byour Promoters|-|-|-|<br>-|-|<br>-|
|Against<br>our<br>Promoters|-|-|-|<br>-|-|<br>-|



> <sup>_*_</sup> _Amount to the extent quantifiable_ 

> _** Includes a joint claim against one of our nominee directors. For further details of the outstanding litigation proceedings, see “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments” on page 382._ 

In relation to such outstanding litigation matters involving our Company and our Directors, the amounts and interests involved in many pending litigations are not ascertainable or quantifiable and are hence not disclosed. In addition, our Company does not consider the entire amount involved or unquantifiable amount in respect of outstanding legal proceedings to be a present or a potential liability and hence contingency for the entire amount has not been provided for in our financial statements. Such proceedings could divert management time and attention, and consume financial resources in their defense or prosecution. Further, an adverse outcome in any of these proceedings may affect our reputation, standing and future business, and could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot assure you that any of these proceedings will be decided in favor of our Company, Directors and Promoters, or that no further liability will arise out of these proceedings. 

Further, in the past, certain customer complaints have been forwarded to us by the RBI in relation to procedural aspects of our services. We have responded to and clarified these matters with the RBI. We cannot assure you that such complaints or matters will not occur in the future and, as a result, divert our management’s time and attention from our business or consume our financial resources in responding to such complaints or matters. 

**_37. We rely on third-party service providers who may not perform their obligations satisfactorily or in compliance with law._** 

We enter into arrangements with third-party vendors and independent contractors to provide services 

48 

including, in particular, technology and software services. We also enter into agreements with credit bureaus for availing credit assessment and other services. We cannot guarantee that there will be no disruptions in the provision of such services or that these third parties will adhere to their contractual obligations. If there is a disruption in the third-party services, or if the third-party service providers discontinue their service agreements with us, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. In case of any dispute, we cannot assure you that the terms of such agreements will not be breached, and this may result in litigation or other costs. Further, we finance loans for purchase of products such as mobile phones, bicycles, kitchen appliances and other items from third parties. Any defects or deficiencies in the products sold by such third parties may impact repayment of the loans provided by us. 

Our arrangements with third-party service providers may also be subject to government regulations, with which we may not be able to comply. On November 9, 2017, the RBI issued Directions on Managing Risks and Code of Conduct in Outsourcing of Financial Services by NBFCs (“ **Outsourcing Directions** ”). Pursuant to the Outsourcing Directions, the RBI has directed NBFCs to put in place necessary safeguards for activities outsourced by them. In this regard, NBFCs are required to put in place a comprehensive, Board-approved outsourcing policy that incorporates criteria for selection of activities as well as service providers, delegation of authority depending on risks and materiality, and systems to monitor and review the operation of these activities. Further, in case NBFCs have back-office and service arrangements or agreements with group entities such as sharing of premises, legal and other professional services, and hardware and software applications, NBFCs are required to have a Board-approved policy prior to entering into such arrangements with group entities, which shall cover demarcation of sharing resources such as premises and personnel. Further, our Company must maintain a central record of all material outsourcing arrangements, which must be readily accessible for review by the Board and senior management. Our Company must also update records promptly, and half-yearly reviews must also be placed before the Board or risk management committee. 

Further, certain of our agreements require us to indemnify our counterparties for certain losses, and limit contractual or other liabilities of our counterparties to fees or other amounts received by them from us for a certain period of time. If such indemnities are invoked, or if our counterparties limit their liabilities to an extent that our losses are not fully recovered, we may incur additional costs. Such additional costs, in addition to the cost of entering into agreements with third parties in the same industry, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_38. Some of our secretarial records are not traceable._** 

The secretarial records for certain past allotment of securities and change in the registered office of our Company could not be traced as the relevant information was not available in the records maintained by our Company, or at the MCA Portal maintained by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and the Registrar of Companies, despite conducting internal searches and engaging an independent practicing company secretary to conduct the search. The following table sets forth the details of such missing secretarial records: 

|**Sr.No.**|**Particulars of document**|
|---|---|
|1.|Form 18 for change in registered office address from 81, Delhi Administrative Flats, Near<br>NIMRI Colony, Ashok Vihar – IV, Delhi – 110052 to 705-A/4C, Ward No. 3, Mehrauli, New<br>Delhi–110030|
|2.|Form 2 for allotment on December 26, 1994|
|3.|Form 2 for allotment on August 1, 1994|
|4.|Form 2 forallotment on March 20,2001|



While no legal proceedings or regulatory actions have been initiated against our Company in relation to untraceable secretarial and other corporate records and documents as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we cannot assure you that such legal proceedings or regulatory actions in relation to missing filings and corporate records will not be initiated against our Company in the future. 

# **_39. Certain of our Directors and Key Management Personnel may be interested in our Company other than in terms of remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Certain of our Directors (some of whom are Nominees of our shareholders) and Key Management Personnel are interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses, 

49 

to the extent of their shareholding, direct and indirect, and stock options in our Company and benefits arising therefrom. Some of our Promoters are also interested in our Company to the extent of their shareholding in our Company and any benefits arising therefrom. Some of our Directors may also be interested to the extent of any transaction entered into by our Company with any other company, firm or entity in which they are a director, promoter or partner. For further details of interests of our Directors and Key Management Personnel in our Company, please see “ _Our Management_ – _Interest of our Directors_ ” and “ _Our Management_ – _Interest of Key Management Personnel_ ” on pages 222 and 236, respectively. 

# **_40. We are subject to the risks associated with all of our properties being leased._** 

We do not own the premises on which our registered office, our corporate office and all of our branches are situated, and as of June 30, 2022, such premises are utilized by us on a leasehold basis. Some of our lease agreements have expired and are expected to be renewed. Failure to renew lease agreements for these premises on terms and conditions acceptable to us or at all, may require us to move the concerned branch offices to new premises. We may incur substantial rent escalation and relocation costs as a result of such relocation. We may also face the risk of being evicted if our landlords allege a breach on our part of the terms of the lease agreements. Further, certain lease agreements may not be duly registered or adequately stamped. Consequently, should any dispute arise in relation to our use of the relevant properties, we may be unable to, or may incur additional expenses to, enforce our rights in relation to such properties. In such event, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

# **_41. Our business is subject to seasonality, which may contribute to fluctuations in our financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our business is subject to seasonality as we generally see higher borrowings by our customers during the third and fourth quarter of each financial year due to increased economic activity towards the end of the financial year and in line with harvest season in rural areas in India. We also generally have higher drawdowns under our facilities in the third and fourth quarter of each financial year. Accordingly, our financial condition and results of operations in one quarter may not accurately reflect the trends for the entire financial year and may not be comparable with our financial condition and results of operations for other quarters. 

Generally, increased retail economic activity is witnessed during the period from October to March in India due to several holiday periods, improved weather conditions and crop harvests. This may result in higher volumes of business during this period. Any significant event such as unforeseen floods, earthquakes, political instabilities, epidemics or economic slowdowns during this peak season may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

# **_42. Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to protect us against all potential losses, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our operations are subject to various risks inherent to the finance industry, as well as fraud, theft, robbery, acts of terrorism and other force majeure events. We maintain insurance coverage of the type and in the amounts that we believe are commensurate with our operations, including credit term life insurance to cover any outstanding loan amounts upon the death of a borrower, group medical and personal accident insurance for all our employees, directors’ and officers’ liability insurance, and other general liability insurances such as policies protecting our equipment from fire and natural disasters. We had insured ₹74.59 million or 61.82% of our property, plant and equipment and ₹73,948.46 million or 99.99% of our loans as of June 30, 2022, ₹74.59 million or 61.12% of our property, plant and equipment and ₹67,929.38 million or 99.99% of our loans as of March 31, 2022, ₹54.30 million or 52.85% of our property, plant and equipment and ₹46,462.36 million or 99.99% of our loans as of March 31, 2021, and ₹16.56 million or 28.07% of our property and plant and equipment and ₹36,149.03 million or 99.99% of our loans as of March 31, 2020. While there have been no past instances where claims have exceeded our insurance coverage and impacted our financials, we cannot assure you that our insurance policies will, in the future, provide adequate coverage in certain circumstances. Our insurance coverage may also be subject to certain deductibles, exclusions and limits on coverage. In addition, there are various types of risks and losses for which we do not maintain insurance, such as losses due to business interruption and natural disasters, because they are either uninsurable or because insurance is not available to us on acceptable terms. 

50 

Further, a successful assertion of one or more claims against us that exceeds our available insurance coverage or results in changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of a larger deductible or co-insurance requirement, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our insurance claims have, in the past, been rejected. For example, during the last three financial years and the three months ended June 30, 2022, we filed a total of 13 insurance claims which were rejected. These claims related to incidents of invalid documents and incorrect declarations of good health, and were for an aggregate amount of ₹0.42 million. We cannot assure you that any claims filed in the future will be honored fully or timely under our insurance policies. Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be affected to the extent we suffer any loss or damage that is not covered by insurance or which exceeds our insurance coverage. In addition, we may not be able to renew certain of our insurance policies upon their expiration, either on commercially acceptable terms or at all. 

**_43. We have presented, in this Red Herring Prospectus, certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain selected statistical information relating to our financial condition and operations. These non-GAAP measures and statistical information may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across the financial services industry, and therefore, may not be comparable with financial or statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other financial services companies._** 

This Red Herring Prospectus includes certain non-GAAP financial measures such as pre-provision operating profit before tax, EBITDA, net worth, average net worth, net interest income, average borrowings, return on net worth, return on average gross AUM, return on average net worth, average borrowings to average net worth, average net worth to average gross AUM, debt to equity ratio, net asset value per Equity Share, operating expenses, impairment on loan portfolio to average gross loan portfolio, credit loss ratio, credit cost (based on average gross AUM), operating expenses to total income ratio, cost to income ratio (“ **Non-GAAP Measures** ”) and certain other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance (in particular in the section on _“Selected Statistical Information”_ on page 356) which are a supplemental measure of our performance and liquidity that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, Ind AS, Indian GAAP or IFRS. Further, these Non-GAAP Measures are not a measurement of our financial performance or liquidity under Ind AS, Indian GAAP or IFRS and should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to cash flows, profit/(loss) for the years or any other measure of financial performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity, profitability or cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities derived in accordance with Ind AS, Indian GAAP or IFRS. In addition, these NonGAAP Measures are not standardised terms, hence a direct comparison of similarly titled Non-GAAP Measures of other companies may not be possible. Other companies may calculate these Non-GAAP Measures differently from us, limiting their utility as comparative measures. Although the Non-GAAP Measures are not measures of performance calculated in accordance with applicable accounting standards, our Company’s management believes that they are useful to an investor in evaluating our Company because it is widely used measures to evaluate a company’s operating performance. See also “ _Other Financial Information_ ” on page 323. 

Further, the Non-GAAP Measures may be different from financial measures and statistical information disclosed or followed by other NBFCs or micro finance companies. The Non-GAAP Measures relating to our operations and financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to financial measures and statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by NBFCs, micro finance companies or other financial services companies. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on the non-GAAP financial information included in the Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_44. This Red Herring Prospectus contains information from third parties and an industry report which we have commissioned from CRISIL, which we have commissioned and paid for purposes of confirming our understanding of the industry exclusively in connection with the Offer._** 

The industry and market information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus includes information that is derived from the CRISIL Report dated May 2022 prepared by an independent third-party research agency, CRISIL. Neither we nor any of our Directors, the Selling Shareholders or the BRLMs are related parties of CRISIL. The CRISIL Report has been commissioned and paid for by us for the purposes of confirming our 

51 

industry exclusively in connection with the Offer. The report uses certain methodologies for market sizing and forecasting, and may include numbers relating to our Company that differ from those we record internally. Accordingly, investors should read the industry-related disclosure in this Red Herring Prospectus in this context. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. Due to possibly flawed or ineffective collection methods or discrepancies between published information and market practice and other problems, the statistics herein may be inaccurate or may not be comparable to statistics produced for other economies and should not be unduly relied upon. Statements from third parties that involve estimates are subject to change, and actual amounts may differ materially from those included in this Red Herring Prospectus. While these industry sources and publications may take due care and caution while preparing their reports, they do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the data. 

# **_45. Our Company is not, and does not intend to become, regulated as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act and related rules._** 

Our Company has not been and does not intend to become registered as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the U.S. Investment Company Act. Accordingly, unlike registered investment companies, our Company will not be subject to the vast majority of the provisions of the U.S. Investment Company Act, including provisions that require investment companies to have a majority of disinterested directors, provide limitations on leverage and limit transactions between investment companies and their affiliates. None of these protections or restrictions is or will be applicable to our Company. 

If our Company was to become subject to the U.S. Investment Company Act because of a change of law or otherwise, the various restrictions imposed by the U.S. Investment Company Act, and the substantial costs and burdens of compliance therewith, could adversely affect our operating results and financial performance. Moreover, parties to a contract with an entity that has improperly failed to register as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act may be entitled to cancel or otherwise void their contracts with the unregistered entity, and shareholders in that entity may be entitled to withdraw their investment. 

Our Company is relying on the exception provided by Section 3(c)(7) of the U.S. Investment Company Act to avoid being required to register as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act and related rules. In order to help ensure compliance with the exception provided by Section 3(c)(7) of the U.S. Investment Company Act, our Company has implemented restrictions on the ownership and transfer of Equity Shares by any persons acquiring our Equity Shares in Offer who are in the United States or who are U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the U.S. Securities Act), which may materially affect your ability to transfer our Equity Shares. See “ _Terms of the Offer – Eligibility and Transfer Restrictions_ ” on page 405. 

# **EXTERNAL RISKS** 

# **Risks Relating to India** 

# **_46. Our business is affected by economic, political and other prevailing conditions in India and the markets we currently serve._** 

The Indian economy and the financing industry are influenced by economic, political and market conditions in India and globally. Our Company is incorporated in India, and all of our assets and employees are located in India. As a result, we are dependent on prevailing economic conditions in India and our results of operations are affected by factors influencing the Indian economy. Factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy, and hence our results of operations, include, among others: 

- any increase in Indian interest rates or inflation; 

- any exchange rate fluctuations; 

- any scarcity of credit or other financing in India, or change in India’s credit rating, resulting in an 

52 

adverse effect on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing of our developments and expansions; 

- volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; 

- changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies, such as application of GST; 

- political instability, civil unrest, acts of violence, terrorist attacks, regional conflicts or situations or war in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighboring countries; 

- man-made or natural disasters such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods and droughts, as well as the effects of climate change; 

- prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; 

- other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India or its financial services sectors; 

- downgrade of India’s sovereign debt rating by an independent agency; and 

- infectious disease outbreaks or other serious public health concerns, such as the current COVID-19 pandemic, the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine. A worsening of the current COVID-19 pandemic or any similar future outbreaks of COVID-19, avian or swine influenza or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the Indian economy and economic activity in the region. 

Our performance and the growth of our business depend on the performance of the Indian economy and the economies of the regional markets we currently serve. Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and the trading price of our Equity Shares. 

Further, as of June 30, 2022, ₹30,670.86 million or 41.51% of our AUM was attributable to states located in North India, namely Uttar Pradesh, Punjab, Haryana, Rajasthan, Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh and Delhi. In the event of a regional slowdown in the economic activity in these states in particular, or any other developments including political unrest, disruption or sustained economic downturn that make our products in these states less beneficial, we may experience an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, which are largely dependent on the performance and other prevailing conditions affecting the economies of these states or North India generally. In addition, while NBFC-MFIs are currently regulated by the RBI, the respective state government of these states may, on their own initiative or in response to any legal action against NBFC-MFIs in a state, pass laws which affect the business of NBFCMFIs. See also “ _– Internal Risks – Risks Relating to our Business – Our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected by certain state regulations_ .” We cannot assure you that any such actions taken by the state governments in the key northern states that we operate will not affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

**_47. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties across the multiple jurisdictions we operate in may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in the laws, rules, regulations or directions applicable to us and our business operations across India. The governmental and regulatory bodies may notify new regulations or policies, which may require us to obtain approvals and licenses from the government and other regulatory bodies, or impose onerous requirements and conditions on 

53 

our operations, in addition to those which we are undertaking currently, or change the manner in which we conduct KYC or authenticate our customers. Any such changes and the related uncertainties with respect to the implementation of new regulations may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any failure to comply with any new regulations applicable to us may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. For further details, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 201. 

For example, in November 2016, the Government announced the demonetization of bank notes of ₹500 and ₹1,000. Around 86.00% of the Indian currency in terms of value (₹500 and ₹1,000 notes) was removed from circulation. Thus, according to CRISIL, the gross loan portfolio of the MFI industry, which was growing at a rate of approximately 70% in the first half of the financial year 2017, slumped to a growth of approximately 22% by the end of such financial year. Disbursements were affected even more, going down to 29% in the second half of the financial year 2017 compared to a growth of 60% in the first half, according to CRISIL. More recently, we have been affected by regulations imposed in response to the COVID-19 pandemic such as, in particular, the RBI’s imposition of a moratorium on the payment of all principal amounts and interest falling due between March 1, 2021 and August 31, 2021, see “ _– Internal Risks – The extent to which the Coronavirus disease (“COVID-19”) may affect our business and operations in the future is uncertain and cannot be predicted._ ” on page 27. 

Further, we are subject to various labor laws and regulations governing our relationships with our employees and contractors, including in relation to minimum wages, working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and terminating the contracts of employees and contractors, contract labor and work permits. Our fulltime employees are employed by us and are entitled to statutory employment benefits, such as a defined benefit gratuity plan. In addition to our full-time employees, we use agencies for our outsourcing requirements and engage persons on a contractual basis. A change of law that requires us to increase the benefits to the employees from the benefits currently provided may create potentially liability for us. Such benefits could also include provisions which reduce the number of hours an employee may work or increase the number of mandatory casual leaves, which can all affect the productivity of the employees. A change of law that requires us to treat and extend benefits to our outsourced personnel, and personnel retained on a contractual basis, similar to our full-time employees may create potential liability for us. Moreover, our failure to comply with current and future health and safety and labor laws and regulations at all times, including obtaining relevant statutory and regulatory approvals, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_48. If there is any change in taxation laws, or their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Any change in Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. For instance, the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Ordinance, 2019, a new tax ordinance issued by India’s Ministry of Finance on September 20, 2019, prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. According to this new ordinance, companies can henceforth voluntarily opt in favor of a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which would ultimately reduce the effective tax rate for Indian companies from 34.94% to approximately 25.17%. While we have opted for the concessional regime, any such future amendments may affect our other benefits such as exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemption for interest received in respect of tax free bonds, and long-term capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. 

The Finance Act, 2020 (“ **Finance Act** ”), has, amongst others things, provided a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime, including, without limitation, a simplified alternate direct tax regime and that dividend distribution tax (“ **DDT** ”), will not be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident and are likely be subject to tax deduction at source. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source from such dividend. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. 

54 

Further, a draft of the Personal Data Protection Bill, 2019 has been introduced before the Lok Sabha on December 11, 2019, which is currently being referred to a joint parliamentary committee by the Parliament. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

In addition, we are subject to tax related inquiries and claims. We may be particularly affected by claims from tax authorities on account of income tax assessment, service tax and GST that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into one unified rate of interest with effect from July 1, 2017. In addition, the tax consequences of the General Anti-Avoidance Rules (“ **GAAR** ”), which came into effect from April 1, 2017, being applied to an arrangement could result in denial of tax benefit amongst other consequences. In the absence of any precedents on the subject, the application of these provisions is uncertain and may or may not have an adverse tax impact on our Company. As a result, an such changes or interpretations could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Further, the Finance Act, 2019 stipulates any sale, transfer and issue of securities through exchanges, depositories or otherwise to be charged with stamp duty. The Finance Act, 2019 has also clarified that the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2019 may have on our business and operations. 

Further, the Government of India has announced the union budget for the financial year 2021, pursuant to which the Finance Act, effective from July 1, 2020, has introduced various amendments. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2020 may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. In addition, unfavorable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. 

**_49. It may not be possible for you to enforce any judgment obtained outside India against us, our management or any of our respective affiliates in India, except by way of a suit in India on such judgment._** 

Our Company is incorporated under the laws of India. All of our assets are located in India and a majority of our Company’s Directors and Key Management Personnel are residents of India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce against them judgments obtained in courts outside India. Moreover, it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or inconsistent with Indian public policy. 

India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions, which includes, the United Kingdom, Singapore, UAE and Hong Kong. A judgment from certain specified courts located in a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the 

55 

Civil Code. The United States and India do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any federal or state court in a non-reciprocating territory, such as the United States, for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general securities laws of the United States, would not be enforceable in India under the Civil Code as a decree of an Indian court. 

The United Kingdom, Singapore, UAE and Hong Kong have been declared by the Government of India to be reciprocating territories for purposes of Section 44A of the Civil Code. A judgment of a court of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit on the judgment under Section 13 of the Civil Code, and not by proceedings in execution. Section 13 of the Civil Code provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated on except (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case, (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable, (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice, (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. Under the Civil Code, a court in India shall, on the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgment, presume that the judgment was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record. The Civil Code only permits the enforcement of monetary decrees, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. 

However, the party in whose favor such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the United States or other such jurisdiction within three years of obtaining such final judgment. It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Moreover, it is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages to the extent awarded in a final judgment rendered outside India if it believes that the amount of damages awarded were excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain the prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered. 

**_50. Foreign investors are subject to foreign investment restrictions under Indian law that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares._** 

Foreign ownership of Indian securities is subject to Government regulation. Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions), if they comply with the pricing and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and does not fall under any of the exceptions specified by the RBI, then the RBI’s prior approval is required. In addition, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. As provided in the foreign exchange controls currently in effect in India, the RBI has provided that the price at which our Equity Shares are transferred be calculated in accordance with internationally accepted pricing methodology for the valuation of shares at an arm’s length basis, and a higher (or lower, as applicable) price per share may not be permitted. 

Further, in accordance with Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020 issued by the DPIIT and the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Amendment Rules, 2020 which came into effect from April 22, 2020, any investment, subscription, purchase or sale of equity instruments by entities of a country which shares a land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country, will require prior approval of the Government of India, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy and the FEMA Rules. These investment restrictions shall also apply to subscribers of offshore derivative instruments. We cannot assure you that any required approval from 

56 

the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular term or at all. For further details, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 434. 

**_51. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as US GAAP and IFRS, which may be material to investors' assessments of our financial condition._** 

Our Restated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus have been compiled from the audited financial statements of our Company (i) as at and for the three months ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, which were prepared in accordance with Ind AS 34, and (ii) the audited financial statements as at and for and the years ended March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020, which were prepared in accordance with Ind AS, and in each case restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the Guidance Note and relevant provisions of the Companies Act. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP or IFRS. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which our Restated Financial Statements, which are restated as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations, included in this Red Herring Prospectus, will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

# **_52. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may differ to those under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be similar to the shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as a shareholder in an Indian company, such as our Company, than as a shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

**_53. A third party could be prevented from acquiring control of us following the Issue of our Equity Shares because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian law._** 

There are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company, even if a change in control would result in the purchase of your Equity Shares at a premium to the market price or would otherwise be beneficial to you. Such provisions may discourage or prevent certain types of transactions involving actual or threatened change in control of us. Under the takeover regulations in India, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of our Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to its stakeholders, it is possible that such a takeover would not be attempted or consummated because of the Indian takeover regulations. 

# **_54. Our ability to raise foreign currency funds may be constrained by Indian law._** 

As an Indian NBFC, we are subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies. Such regulatory restrictions could constrain our ability to obtain financings on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, we cannot assure you that any required regulatory approvals for borrowing in foreign currencies will be granted to us without onerous conditions, or at all. 

**_55. We may be affected by competition law in India and any adverse application or interpretation of the Competition Act could adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act, regulates practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India. Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition is considered void and results in the imposition of substantial monetary penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors 

57 

which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or provision of services, shares the market or source of production or provision of services by way of allocation of geographical area, type of goods or services or number of customers in the relevant market or directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. 

On March 4, 2011, the Government issued and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to and pre-approved by the Competition Commission of India (“ **CCI** ”). Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued Competition Commission of India (Procedure in regard to the transaction of business relating to combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. 

The Competition Act aims to, among others, prohibit all agreements and transactions which may have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. However, we cannot predict the impact of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements entered into by us at this stage. We are not currently party to any outstanding proceedings, nor have we received notice in relation to non-compliance with the Competition Act or the agreements entered into by us. However, if we are affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI or if any prohibition or substantial penalties are levied under the Competition Act, it would adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. 

**_56. Any downgrading of India’s sovereign debt rating by an international rating agency could have a negative impact on our business, financial performance and results of operations_** 

India’s sovereign debt rating could be downgraded due to several factors, including changes in tax or fiscal policy or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves, all which are outside the control of our Company. Any adverse changes to India’s credit ratings but international rating agencies may adversely affect our ratings, terms on which we are able to raise additional finances or refinance any existing indebtedness. This may have an adverse impact on our business and financial performance, shareholders equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 

**Risks Relating to our Equity Shares and this Offer** 

**_57. The Offer Price of our Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of our Equity Shares has been determined by our Company in consultation with the BRLMs, and through the Book Building Process. This price is based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 107 and may not be indicative of the market price for our Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of our Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that the investor will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

**_58. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Offer, our Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for our Equity Shares may not develop._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchange may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for our Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for our Equity Shares. The Offer Price of our Equity Shares has been determined through a book-building process and may not be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of our 

58 

Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of our Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors: 

- quarterly variations in our results of operations; 

- results of operations that vary from the expectations of research analysts and investors; 

- results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 

- changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by research analysts and investors; 

- conditions in financial markets, including those outside India; 

- a change in research analysts’ recommendations; 

- announcements by us or our competitors of new products, significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments; 

- announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us; 

- new laws and governmental regulations or changes in laws and governmental regulations applicable to our industry; 

- additions or departures of Key Management Personnel; and 

- general economic and stock market conditions. 

Changes in relation to any of the factors listed above could affect the price of our Equity Shares. 

**_59. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchange. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Equity Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

# **_60. Certain of our existing shareholders or future shareholders together may be able to exert substantial voting control over us, which may limit your ability to influence corporate matters._** 

As of June 30, 2022, our five largest shareholders beneficially owned an aggregate of 78,458,091 Equity Shares, representing 93.04% of our outstanding Equity Shares. While the shareholding of our Company is diversified, some existing or future shareholders together may limit your ability to influence corporate matters that require shareholder approval. These existing or future shareholders may be able to exercise considerable influence over any matters requiring shareholder approval, including the election of directors, approval of lending and investment policies and the approval of corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our Company or its assets or further fund-raising transactions. In addition, our dispersed shareholdings may cause matters requiring shareholder approval to be delayed or not occur at all, which could adversely affect our business. Moreover, these shareholders are not obligated to share any business opportunities with us. 

59 

**_61. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and lender consents and we cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future._** 

We currently intend to invest our future earnings, if any, to fund our growth. The amount of our future dividend payments, if any, will depend upon our future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements and capital expenditures. In addition, any dividend payments we make are subject to the prior consent of certain of our lenders pursuant to the terms of the agreements we have with them. In addition, the declaration and payment of dividend is subject to relevant RBI regulations and guidelines issued by the RBI from time to time. For instance, in order to infuse transparency and uniformity in practice of declaration of dividend by NBFCs, the RBI through its circular DOR.ACC.REC.No.23/21.02.067/2021-22 dated June 24, 2021, prescribed guidelines for declaration of dividend from the profits of the financial year ending March 31, 2022 onwards, providing among other things, eligibility criteria on different parameters such as capital adequacy, net NPA ratio and quantum of dividend payable, including prescribed ceilings on dividend payout ratio, among others. Similar guidelines may be imposed in the future. Historically, we have not paid any dividends on our Equity Shares and we cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. 

**_62. Any sale of Equity Shares by our Promoters or future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity-linked securities by us may dilute your shareholding and adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth through future equity offerings. Any future issuance of our Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to our Equity Shares by us, including through exercise of employee stock options may dilute your shareholding in our Company. Any sale of our Equity Shares by our Promoters or future equity issuances by us may adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will not issue Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares or that our Shareholders will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

**_63. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its equity shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of our Equity Shares voting on such resolution. 

However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for your benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of any such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of our Equity Shares, your proportional interests in our Company would be diluted. 

# **_64. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of our Equity Shares._** 

Under the current Indian tax laws and regulations, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is levied both at the time of transfer and acquisition of the equity shares (unless exempted under a prescribed notification), and the STT is collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realized on the sale of equity shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold using any other platform other than on a recognized stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, are subject to long term capital gains tax in India. Such long term capital gains exceeding ₹100,000 arising from the sale of listed equity shares on the stock exchange are subject to tax at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess). Unrealized capital 

60 

gains earned on listed equity shares up to January 31, 2018 continue to be tax-exempted in such cases. Further, STT will be levied and collected by an Indian stock exchange if the equity shares are sold on a stock exchange. With respect to capital gains arising in an off market sale, long term capital gains are subject to tax at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) without the exemption of ₹100,000. Short-term capital gains, arising from the sale of such equity shares on a stock exchange would be subject to tax at the rate of 15% (plus applicable surcharge and cess), while short term capital gains arising in an off-market sale would be subject to tax at a higher rate of 40% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) in the case of foreign companies and 30% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) in the case of other non-resident taxpayers. 

The Finance Act, 2019 amended the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 with effect from July 1, 2020. It clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2019 may have on our business and operations. 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. In cases where the seller is a non-resident, capital gains arising from the sale of the equity shares will be partially or wholly exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Additionally, the Finance Act, 2020 does not require dividend distribution tax to be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. Historically, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the equity shares. 

**_65. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will be listed, or continue to be listed, on the Indian stock exchanges in a timely manner, or at all, and prospective investors will not be able to immediately sell their Equity Shares on a Stock Exchange._** 

In accordance with Indian law and practice, final approval for listing and trading of our Equity Shares will not be applied for or granted until after our Equity Shares have been issued and allotted. Such approval will require the submission of all other relevant documents authorizing the issuance of our Equity Shares. Accordingly, there could be a failure or delay in listing our Equity Shares on the NSE and BSE, which would adversely affect your ability to sell our Equity Shares. 

**_66. Restrictions on daily movements in the trading price of our Equity Shares may adversely affect a shareholder’s ability to sell Equity Shares or the price at which Equity Shares can be sold at a particular point in time._** 

Stock exchanges may impose restrictions on the movements in trading price of our equity shares. Stock exchanges are not required to inform us of such restrictions and they may change without our knowledge. In the event such restrictions are imposed, there can be no assurance regarding the ability of shareholders to sell Equity Shares or the price at which shareholders may be able to sell their Equity Shares. 

**_67. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. RIBs can revise or withdraw their Bids during the Offer Period. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within such period as may be prescribed under applicable law, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in our Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of our Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit 

61 

the Bidders’ ability to sell our Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of our Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

# **_68. U.S. regulation of investment activities may negatively affect the ability of banking entities to purchase our Equity Shares._** 

The Volcker Rule, generally prohibits certain banking entities from acquiring or retaining an ownership interest in, sponsoring or having certain relationships with covered funds, subject to certain exceptions, exclusions and exemptions. As we are relying on an analysis that our Company does not come within the definition of an “investment company” under the U.S. Investment Company Act because of the exception provided under section 3(c)(7) thereunder, our Company may be considered a "covered fund" for purposes of the Volcker Rule. The following would be considered a "banking entity" subject to the Volcker Rule: (i) any U.S. insured depository institution, (ii) any company that controls an U.S. insured depository institution, (iii) any non-U.S. company that is treated as a bank holding company for purposes of Section 8 of the International Banking Act of 1978 (i.e., a non-U.S. company that maintains a branch, agency or commercial lending office in the U.S.) and (iv) any affiliate or subsidiary of any of the foregoing under the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act, other than a covered fund that is not itself a banking entity under clauses (i), (ii) or (iii). 

There may be limitations on the ability of banking entities to purchase or retain our Equity Shares in the absence of an applicable Volcker Rule exemption. Consequently, depending on market conditions and the banking entity status of potential purchasers of our Equity Shares from time to time, the Volcker Rule restrictions could negatively affect the liquidity and market value of our Equity Shares. 

Each investor must make its own determination as to whether it is a banking entity subject to the Volcker Rule and, if applicable, the potential impact of the Volcker Rule on its ability to purchase or retain our Equity Shares. Investors are responsible for analyzing their own regulatory position and none of our Company, the Managers or any other person connected with the Offer makes any representation to any prospective investor or holder of our Equity Shares regarding the treatment of our Company under the Volcker Rule, or to such investor’s investment in our Company at any time in the future. 

62 

