# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider all the information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones relevant to us. Additional risks and uncertainties, not currently known to us or that we currently do not deem material may also adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are not currently deemed material, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected, the price of our Equity Shares could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. In order to obtain a complete understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 190 and 439, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and our business and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. Potential investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are unable to quantify the financial or other impact of any of the risks described in this section. Potential investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to legal and regulatory environment which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Draft Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. See “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 17._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information included herein is based on our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For further details, see “Financial Information” on page 260._ 

_Unless the context otherwise requires, in this section, references to “we”, “us”, “our” or “Group” refers to G R Infraprojects Limited on a consolidated basis and references to “the Company” or “our Company” refers to G R Infraprojects Limited on a standalone basis._ 

# **RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS** 

**1.** **_Our inability to meet our obligations, conditions and restrictions imposed by our financing agreements could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and operations as well as to undertake and consummate the Offer. Further, our Company is required to take prior consent of our lenders under some of our financing agreements for undertaking certain actions, including the Offer._** 

Our projects are capital intensive and require us to have significant amounts of long-term loans for capital expenditure and working capital. Our ability to borrow and the terms of our borrowings will depend on our financial condition, the stability of our cash flows, general market conditions for infrastructure companies, economic and political conditions in the markets where we operate and our capacity to service debt in what is expected to be a rising interest rate environment. We have had, and expect to continue to have, substantial liquidity and capital resource requirements that will require significant capital expenditure and working capital. As of February 28, 2018, our Company, on a consolidated basis, had (a) secured borrowings which comprised of working capital facilities aggregating to ₹ 160.26 million, term loans aggregating to ₹ 2,194.91 million, NCDs aggregating to ₹ 5,102.00 million and non-fund based facilities aggregating to ₹ 17,514.39 million; and (b) unsecured borrowings aggregating to ₹ 47.11 million. 

The level of our indebtedness could have several important consequences, including: 

- a substantial portion of our cash flows may be used towards repayment of our existing debt, which will reduce the availability of cash flows to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate requirements; 

- our ability to obtain additional financing in the future or renegotiate or refinance our existing indebtedness on terms favorable to us may be limited; 

19 

- fluctuations in market interest rates may affect the cost of our borrowings, as certain of our indebtedness is subject to floating rates of interest; 

- we may have difficulty in satisfying repayments and other restrictive covenants under our existing financing arrangements; 

- current and future defaults of payment and other obligations under our financing arrangements may result in an event of default, acceleration of our repayment obligations and enforcement of related security interests over our receivables and other assets; and 

- we may be limited in our ability to expand our business and therefore, we may be limited in our capability to withstand competitive pressures. 

Given the nature of our business, we will continue to incur indebtedness even after the Issue, and we cannot assure you that the aforementioned risks will not have an adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our secured borrowings are secured by our present and future receivables, movable and immovable assets. A significant number of our financing agreements also include various conditions and covenants that require us to obtain consents from lenders prior to carrying out certain activities and entering into certain transactions such as, initiating and consummating the Offer, altering the Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association, effecting any change in our Company’s or our Subsidiaries capital structure and issuing any fresh capital. For further details of the restrictive covenants, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 484. 

We have entered into a working capital consortium agreement dated January 12, 2018 with certain lenders (the “ **Consortium Agreement** ”) in addition to also other borrowing with lenders for our other requirements. As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, we have made applications for obtaining consents from our working capital lenders to permit the Offer. We are yet to receive this consent from a certain lender who is part of our working capital consortium. While our Company intends to obtain the necessary consents in relation to the Offer from such lender(s) prior to the filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC, undertaking the Offer without obtaining such lender consents would be in contravention of the conditions contained in the Consortium Agreement and would constitute a default under this agreement. Any failure to comply with the requirement to obtain a consent, or other condition or covenant under our financing agreements that is not waived by our lenders or is not otherwise cured by us, may lead to a termination of our credit facilities, acceleration of all amounts due under such facilities and trigger cross-default provisions under certain of our other financing agreements, and may materially and adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and operations or implement our business plans. Some of our financing arrangements permit our lenders to convert the debt into equity and nominate a director on our board during the subsistence of the credit facility, upon an event of default. Further, we cannot assure that we will have adequate funds at all times to repay these credit facilities and may also be subject to demands for the payment of penal interest. Any default and the consequences thereof may also result in a decline in the trading price of our Equity Shares and you may lose all or part of your investment. Any action initiated by a lender may result in the price of the Equity Shares being adversely affected along with our ability to obtain further financing from banks and financial institutions. Moreover, our ability to borrow and the terms of our borrowings depend on our financial condition, the stability of our cash flows and our capacity to service debt in a fluctuating interest rate environment. For details of our loans, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” and “ _Financial Information_ ” on pages 484 and 260, respectively. 

**2.** **_We derive majority of our revenue from our EPC business and our financial condition would be materially and adversely affected if we fail to obtain new EPC contracts or our current EPC contracts are terminated._** 

Our business depends significantly on our EPC Business. In Fiscal 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017 and the nine months ended December 31, 2017, our EPC Business contributed 97.34%, 93.98%, 91.80%, 93.20%, 94.19% and 94.52%, respectively, of our total revenue from operations. In line with our EPC business, we bid for projects on an ongoing basis and infrastructure projects are typically awarded by the GoI following a competitive bidding process and satisfaction of prescribed qualification criteria. There can be no assurance that we would be able to meet such criteria, whether independently or together with other joint venture partners. In addition, we cannot assure you that we would bid where we have been qualified to submit a bid or that our bids, when submitted or if already submitted, would be accepted. 

Our business, growth prospects and financial performance largely depends on our ability to obtain new EPC contracts, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to procure new contracts for our EPC business. Our future results of operations and cash flows may fluctuate from period to period depending on the timing of our 

20 

contract. In the event we are unable to obtain new EPC contracts, our business will be materially and adversely affected. 

**3.** **_All projects we operate have been awarded primarily through competitive bidding process. Our bids may not always be accepted. We may not be able to qualify for, compete and win projects, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

As a part of our business and operations, we bid for projects on an on-going basis. Projects are awarded following competitive bidding processes and satisfaction of prescribed qualification criteria. While service quality, technological capacity and performance, health and safety records and personnel, as well as reputation and experience and sufficiency of financial resources are important considerations in authority decisions, there can be no assurance that we would be able to meet such qualification criteria, particularly for larger projects, whether independently or together with other joint venture partners or co-sponsors (if any). Further, once the prospective bidders satisfy the qualification requirements of the tender, the project is usually awarded based on the quote by the prospective bidder. We spend considerable time and resources in the preparation and submission of bids. We cannot assure you that we would bid where we have been prequalified to submit a bid or that our bids, when submitted or if already submitted, would be accepted. If we are not able to qualify in our own right to bid for larger projects, we may be required to partner and collaborate with other companies in bids for such projects. If we are unable to partner with other companies or lack the credentials to be the partner-of-choice for other companies, we may lose the opportunity to bid for large EPC projects, BOT projects and hybrid annuity model projects, which could affect our growth plans. 

In addition, the government conducted tender processes may be subject to change in qualification criteria, unexpected delays and uncertainties. There can be no assurance that the projects for which we bid will be tendered within a reasonable time, or at all. In the event that new projects which have been announced and which we plan to bid for are not put up for tender within the announced timeframe, or qualification criteria are modified such that we are unable to qualify, our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

The growth of our business mainly depends on our ability to obtain new hybrid annuity model, EPC and BOT projects. We are not in a position to predict whether and when we will be awarded a new contract. Our future results of operations and cash flows can fluctuate materially depending on the timing of contract awards. Further, all our ongoing projects have been awarded to us for a definite term and the relevant authorities may float tenders for such projects after expiry of the current term. There is no assurance that we will be awarded such projects at the end of the tender process. 

Projects awarded to us may be subject to litigation by unsuccessful bidders. Legal proceedings may result in delay in award of the projects and/or notification of appointed dates, for the bids where we have been successful, which may result in us having to retain unallocated resources and as a result, it would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Further, we may be required to incur substantial expenditure, time and resources in defending such litigation. Any unsuccessful outcome in any such proceedings may lead to termination of a contract awarded to us, which could have a material adverse effect on our future revenues and profits. 

**4.** **_Our EPC business is primarily dependent on road projects in India undertaken or awarded by governmental authorities and other entities funded by the GoI or state governments and we derive majority our revenues from contracts with a limited number of government entities. Any adverse changes in the central or state government policies may lead to our contracts being foreclosed, terminated, restructured or renegotiated._** 

Our business is primarily dependent on road projects in India undertaken or awarded by governmental authorities and other entities funded by the GoI or state governments. We currently derive majority of our revenues from contracts with a limited number of government entities, including NHAI and MoRTH. In Fiscal 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017 and in the nine months ended December 31, 2017, our top five clients contributed 85.06%, 74.01%, 73.49%, 90.15%, 97.83%, and 93.05%, respectively, of our total income. Larger contracts from few customers may represent a larger part of our portfolio, increasing the potential volatility of our results and exposure to individual contract risks. Such concentration of our business on a few projects or clients may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and result in a significant reduction in the award of contracts which could also adversely affect our business if we do not achieve our expected margins or suffer losses on one or more of these large contracts, from such clients. 

21 

Further, there can be no assurance that the GoI or the state governments will continue to place emphasis on the road infrastructure sector. In the event of any adverse change in budgetary allocations for infrastructure development or a downturn in available work in the road infrastructure sector or resulting from any change in government policies or priorities, our business prospects and our financial performance, may be adversely affected. The contracts with government entities may be subject to extensive internal processes, policy changes, government or external budgetary allocation, insufficiency of funds and political pressure, which may lead to lower number of contracts available for bidding or increase in the time gap between invitation for bids and award of the contract or lead to renegotiation of the terms of these contracts which may lead to a delay in our business operations. As long as government entities are responsible for awarding contracts to us and are a critical party to the development and ongoing operations of our projects, our business is directly and significantly dependent on projects awarded by them. 

With reference to projects where our bids have been successful, there may be delays in award of the projects and/or notification of appointed dates, which may result in us having to retain resources which remain unallocated, thereby adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations. Any adverse changes in the GoI or state government policies may lead to our contracts being foreclosed or terminated. In addition, we may be restricted in our ability to, among other things, increase toll rates, sell our interests to third parties, contract with certain customers or assign our rights or obligations under our contracts to any person. These restrictions may limit our flexibility in operating our business, which could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**5.** **_Our Order Book may not be representative of our future results and our actual income may be significantly less than the estimates reflected in our Order Book, which could adversely affect our results of operations._** 

Our Company’s Order Book as of a particular date is calculated on the basis of the aggregate contract value of our ongoing construction projects as of such date reduced by the value of work executed by us until such date, as certified by the relevant client. For the purposes of calculating the Order Book value, our Company does not take into account any escalation or change in work scope of our ongoing projects as of the relevant date, or the work conducted by us in relation to any such escalation of change in work scope of such projects until such date. The manner in which we calculate and present our Order Book is therefore not comparable to the manner in which our revenue from operations is accounted, which takes into account revenue from work relating to escalation or changes in scope of work of our projects. The manner in which we calculate and present our Company’s Order Book information may vary from the manner in which such information is calculated and presented by other companies, including our competitors. The Order Book information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is not audited and does not necessarily indicate our future earnings. Our Order Book should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for performance measures. As of January 31, 2018, our Company had an Order Book of ₹ 98,895.40 million and comprised 19 road EPC projects and three other projects. For further details on our Order Book, see _“Our Business – Order Book”_ on page 199. We may not be able to achieve our expected margins or may even suffer losses on one or more of these contracts or we may not be able to realise the revenues which we anticipated in such projects. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will be awarded the projects that we currently expect or that we will be able to execute agreements for these anticipated projects on terms that are favourable to us or at all. Our completed projects also include those projects for which we have been issued provisional completion certificates by the relevant authority but are operational. 

We may encounter problems executing the projects as ordered, or executing it on a timely basis. Moreover, factors beyond our control or the control of our clients may postpone a project or cause its cancellation, including delays or failure to obtain necessary permits, authorizations, permissions, right-of-way, and other types of difficulties or obstructions. Due to the possibility of cancellations or changes in scope and schedule of projects, resulting from our clients’ discretion or problems we encounter in project execution or reasons outside our control or the control of our clients, we cannot predict with certainty when, if or to what extent, a project forming part of our Order Book will be performed and this could reduce the income and profits we ultimately earn from the contracts. Delays in the completion of a project can lead to clients delaying or refusing to pay the amount, in part or full, that we expect to be paid in respect of such project. Even relatively short delays or surmountable difficulties in the execution of a project could result in our failure to receive, on a timely basis or at all, all payments otherwise due to us on a project. These payments often represent an important portion of the margin we expect to earn on a project. In addition, even where a project proceeds as scheduled, it is possible that the contracting parties may default or otherwise fail to pay amounts owed. Any delay, reduction in scope, cancellation, execution difficulty, payment postponement or payment default in regard to our Order Book projects or any other uncompleted projects, 

22 

or disputes with clients in respect of any of the foregoing, could materially harm our cash flow position, revenues and earnings. 

For some of the contracts in our Order Book, our clients are obliged to perform or take certain actions, such as acquiring land, securing the right of way, clearing forests, providing owner supplied material, securing required licenses, authorizations or permits, making advance payments or opening of letters of credit, approving designs, approving supply chain vendors and shifting existing utilities. If a client does not perform such actions in a timely manner, and the possibility of such failure is not provided for in the contract, our projects could be delayed, modified or cancelled. Accordingly, the realization of our Order Book and the effect on our results of operations may vary significantly from reporting period to reporting period depending on the nature of such contracts, actual performance of such contracts, as well as the stage of completion of such contracts as of the relevant reporting date as it is impacted by applicable accounting principles affecting revenue and cost recognition. Furthermore, there are various risks associated with the execution of large-scale projects as larger contracts may represent a larger part of our portfolio, increasing the potential volatility of our results and exposure to individual contract risks. Managing large-scale projects may also increase the potential relative size of cost overruns and negatively affect our operating margins. We believe that our contract portfolio will continue to be relatively concentrated and if we do not achieve our expected margins or suffer losses on one or more of these large contracts, this could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

# **6.** **_If our BOT projects are terminated prematurely, we may not receive payments due to us which may result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition._** 

A concession agreement may be revoked by the concessioning authority for reasons set forth in the relevant concession agreement, including: 

- failure to comply with operational or maintenance standards; 

- failure to replenish performance security upon encashment and appropriation; 

- failure to cure the default, within the cure period, for which the performance security was appropriated in terms of the concession agreements; 

- failure to achieve project milestones and/or rectify default within the prescribed time; 

- abandonment or intention to abandon construction or operation of a project by us without the prior written consent of the concessioning authority; 

- failure to complete a project within the prescribed timelines; 

- failure to comply with the provisions of the escrow agreements entered into with the regulatory authorities; 

- occurrence of a financial default and substitution by the lenders in terms of the substitution agreement; 

- • creation of encumbrance in breach of our agreements; 

- occurrence of a material adverse effect due to a breach of any of the agreements in relation to our projects; 

- repudiation of the concession agreements by the relevant Subsidiary; 

- change in shareholding beyond the specified thresholds or acquisition of control of the relevant Subsidiary without prior written consent of the concessioning authority; 

- transfer of rights, obligations, assets or undertaking or execution of assets that causes a material adverse effect; 

- continuation of a force majeure event, such as an act of God, act of war, expropriation or compulsory acquisition of any project assets by the Government, industrial strikes and public agitation, beyond a specified time 

- bankruptcy, insolvency, initiation of liquidation, dissolution, winding up, amalgamation or re-constitution of the relevant Subsidiary; 

- temporary or permanent halt of operations; and 

- failure by the relevant Subsidiary to comply with any other material term of the relevant concession agreement. 

Under majority of our concession agreements, if the concession agreement is terminated by the concessioning authority due to a default by a concessionaire, or by the concessionaire due to a default by the concessioning authority, such concessionaire is entitled to receive termination payments from the concessioning authority in accordance with the terms of the relevant concession agreement. There can be no assurance that the concessioning authority will pay such termination payments in time or at all. Further, there can be no assurance that the termination payments from the concessioning authority, if any, will be adequate to enable us to recover our investments made in our Subsidiaries, in such circumstances where it has entered into such concession agreement. Although there have been no instances wherein our BOT projects have been terminated prematurely, if the 

23 

concession agreements are terminated prematurely, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. Further, if there is any delay or pre-mature termination of any project due to our fault, our reputation may be adversely affected and we may also be blacklisted or debarred from participation in similar types of projects. 

**7.** **_We have been awarded projects under the hybrid annuity model for implementing highway projects which are different from the projects we have executed earlier which were on a toll and annuity basis. We cannot assure you if we will be successful in executing these projects or if we will achieve better returns as compared to the projects completed by us in the past which were on toll and annuity basis, or generate any returns at all._** 

The introduction ‘hybrid annuity’ model is a relative new model introduced by the MoRTH. While based on our technical qualifications and financial scores, we have been awarded projects under the ‘hybrid annuity’ model. However, we have limited experience in the projects under the hybrid annuity model and such limited exposure to these projects may affect our ability to successfully execute such projects, which could hamper our growth prospects and may also damage our reputation. For further details, see “ _Our Business – Hybrid Annuity Model Road Projects_ ” on page 197. 

Further, since the hybrid annuity model is a relatively newer mode of implementing highway projects (as compared to toll and annuity based projects which we have constructed and developed in the past), we cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully execute these project or the future projects awarded to us under this mode. Further, we may not be able to procure financing from lenders for such projects as lenders may not be willing to lend to such projects as the risks related to the same may not be ascertainable. We may also be subject to the various risks that arise due to fluctuating interest rate. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in executing such projects or we will achieve better returns as compared to the BOT projects on toll and annuity basis. Any such adverse implications may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

**8.** **_Delays in the completion of construction of current and future projects could lead to termination of concession and other EPC agreements or cost overruns, which could have an adverse effect on our cash flows, business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our projects are required to achieve commercial operation no later than the scheduled commercial operation dates specified under the relevant concession and EPC agreements, or by the end of the extension period, if any is granted by the concessioning authority or an employer in case of our EPC projects. We provide the concessioning authorities and employers of our EPC projects with performance securities for completion of the construction of our projects within a specified timeframe. Subject to certain customary exceptions such as (i) occurrence and continuance of force majeure events that are not within the control of the concessionaire, or (ii) delays that are caused due to reasons solely attributable to the concessioning authority or the EPC employer, failure to adhere to contractually agreed timelines or extended timelines could require us to pay liquidated damages as stipulated in the concession and other EPC agreements or lead to encashment and appropriation of the bank guarantee or performance security. The concessioning authority or the client may also be entitled to terminate the concession or EPC agreement in the event of delay in completion of the work if the delay is not on account of any of the agreed exceptions. In the event of termination of any of our projects for such reasons, we may only receive partial payments under such agreements and such payments may be less than our estimated cash flows from such projects. Further, we may not be able to obtain extensions for projects on which we face delays or time overruns. 

In addition to the risk of termination by the concessioning authority, or the employer in case of EPC projects, delays in completion of development may result in cost overruns, lower or no returns on capital and reduced revenue for the concessionaire thus impacting the project’s performance, as well as failure to meet scheduled debt service payment dates and increased interest costs from our financing agreements for the projects. We have faced delays in completion of our projects and may continue to face delays in completion for certain of our projects which are under construction. The scheduled completion targets for our projects are estimates and are subject to delays as a result of unforeseen engineering problems, force majeure events, issues arising out of right of way, unavailability of financing, unanticipated cost increases or changes in scope and inability in obtaining certain property rights or government approvals. There can be no assurance that similar delays will not occur in the future and any such delays could have adverse effects on our cash flows, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

24 

**9.** **_There are outstanding legal proceedings against our Company, some of our Directors, some of our Promoters and one of our Subsidiaries and adverse outcomes in such proceedings may negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are currently, and may in the future be, implicated in lawsuits including lawsuits and arbitrations involving compensation for loss due to various reasons including tax matters, civil disputes, labour and service matters, statutory notices, regulatory petitions and other matters. Litigation or arbitration could result in substantial costs to, and a diversion of effort by, us and/or subject us to significant liabilities to third parties. There are various outstanding legal proceedings against our Company pending at various levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals, authorities and appellate bodies in India. In addition, we are subject to risks of litigation including public interest litigation, contract, employment related, personal injury and property damage. 

We cannot provide any assurance that these legal proceedings will be decided in our favour. Any adverse decision may have a significant effect on our business including the financial condition of our Company, delay in implementation of our current or future projects and results of operations. There can be no assurance that the results of such legal proceedings will not materially harm our business, reputation or standing in the marketplace or that we will be able to recover any losses incurred from third parties, regardless of whether we are at fault. There can be no assurance that losses relating to litigation or arbitration will be covered by insurance or that any such losses would not have a material adverse effect on the results of our operations or financial condition. 

A summary of the nature and number of outstanding Material Litigation, as decided by our Board and further detailed “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 488, against our Company, our Directors, our Promoters, our Subsidiaries and our Group Companies along with the amount involved, to the extent quantifiable, has been set out below: 

|**Nature of Cases**|**Number of Cases**|**Total Amount Involved**<br>**(in ₹ million)**|
|---|---|---|
|**Proceedings against our Company**|||
|Civil|9|47.65*|
|Criminal|1|Nil|
|Regulatory|2|5.26|
|**Proceedings by our Company**|||
|Civil|4|407.56*|
|Criminal|2|0.28|
|Complaints/FIR|1|Nil|
|**Tax Proceeding involving our Company**|||
|Income Tax|5|206.84|
|Entrytax|3|28.45|
|Customs, excise dutyand service tax|5|43.30|
|VAT|6|26.29|
|**Proceedings against our Directors**|||
|Civil|4|Nil*|
|Criminal|4|Nil*|
|**Proceedings against our Subsidiaries**|||
|Regulatory|1|12.00|
|**Proceedings by our Subsidiaries**|||
|Civil|1|1,003.65|



_*Includes amounts not quantifiable._ 

For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 488. 

**10.** **_If we fail to maintain the roads constructed on a BOT basis pursuant to the relevant contractual requirements, we may be subject to penalties or even termination of our contracts._** 

Our BOT road projects require us to carry out repair or maintenance (in accordance with our agreements) for various factors which may include natural disasters, accidents and other factors beyond our control. Further, under the terms of our concession agreements, we have obligations to maintain our BOT road projects in good working order and maintain the roads periodically. The concessioning authorities will periodically carry out tests through one or more engineering firms to assess the quality of roads and their maintenance. If we fail to maintain the roads 

25 

to the standards set forth in the relevant concession agreements, the concessioning authorities may impose penalties, withhold annuity payments and demand remedies within cure periods. If we fail to cure our defaults within such time as may be prescribed under the concession agreement, our concession agreements may be terminated. 

The contracts for our BOT road projects typically specify certain operation and maintenance standards and specifications to be met by us while undertaking our operation and maintenance activities and develop a maintenance manual. These specifications and standards require us to incur operation and maintenance costs on a regular basis. The operation and maintenance costs of our projects may increase due to factors beyond our control, including: 

- change in standards of maintenance or road safety applicable to our projects prescribed by the relevant regulatory authorities; 

- we may be required to restore our projects in the event of any landslides, floods, road subsidence, other natural disasters accidents or other events causing structural damage or compromising safety; 

- unanticipated increases in material and labour costs, traffic volume or environmental stress leading to more extensive or more frequent heavy repairs or maintenance costs. The cost of major repairs may be substantial and repairs may adversely affect traffic flows; 

- increase in electricity or fuel costs resulting in an increase in the cost of energy; 

- higher interest costs in relation to our borrowings; or 

- any other unforeseen operational and maintenance costs. 

In addition, our operations may be adversely affected by interruptions or failures in the technology and infrastructure systems that we use to support our operations. Any significant increase in operations and maintenance costs beyond our budget and any failure by us to meet quality standards may reduce our profits and could expose us to regulatory penalties and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**11.** **_We are required to furnish bank guarantees as part of our EPC and BOT business. Our inability to arrange such guarantees or the invocation of such guarantees may adversely affect our cash flows and financial condition._** 

As part of our EPC and BOT business and as is customary, we are required to provide financial and performance bank guarantees in favour of our clients under the respective contracts for our projects. These guarantees are typically required to be furnished within a few days of the signing of a contract and remain valid up to around sixty days after the defect liability period prescribed in that contract. In addition, letters of credit are often required to satisfy payment obligations to suppliers and sub-contractors. We may not be able to continue obtaining new financial and performance bank guarantees in sufficient quantities to match our business requirements. If we are unable to provide sufficient collateral to secure the financial bank guarantees, performance bank guarantees or letters of credit, our ability to enter into new contracts or obtain adequate supplies could be limited and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Providing security to obtain letters of credit, financial and performance bank guarantees also increases our working capital requirements. 

As of December 31, 2017, we had issued bank guarantees amounting to ₹ 10,119.33 million towards securing our financial/ performance obligations under our ongoing projects. We may be unable to fulfil any or all of our obligations under the contracts entered into by us in relation to our ongoing projects due to unforeseen circumstances which may result in a default under our contracts resulting in invocation of the bank guarantees issued by us. If any or all the bank guarantees are invoked, it may result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Also see, “ _Risk Factors - We have certain contingent liabilities that have not been provided for in our financial statements, which if they materialise, may adversely affect our financial condition._ ” on page 40. 

**12.** **_Our actual cost in executing an EPC contract or in constructing a BOT project may vary substantially from the assumptions underlying our bid. We may be unable to recover all or some of the additional expenses, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

Under the terms and conditions of agreements for EPC contracts and BOT projects, we generally agree to pay to, or receive from the client awarding the concession an agreed sum of money, subject to contract variations covering changes in the client’s project requirements. Our actual expense in executing an EPC contract or in constructing 

26 

BOT projects under construction may vary substantially from the assumptions underlying our bid for various reasons, including, unanticipated increases in the cost of construction materials, fuel, labour or other inputs, unforeseen construction conditions, including the inability of the client to obtain requisite environmental and other approvals resulting in delays and increased costs, delays caused by local weather conditions and suppliers’ failures to perform. 

Our ability to pass on increases in the purchase price or manufacturing cost of raw materials and other inputs may be limited in the case of contracts with limited or no price escalation provisions and we cannot assure you that these variations in cost will not lead to financial losses to us. Further, other risks generally inherent to the development and construction industry may result in our profits from a project being less than as originally estimated or may result in us experiencing losses due to cost and time overruns, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**13.** **_Due to the nature of our contracts, we may be subjected to claim and counter-claims including to and from the concessioning authorities among others. Any adverse outcome of any such claim or counter claim may have an adverse effect on our profitability_** 

Pursuant to the terms of our contracts, government entities are required to acquire or license or secure rights of way over, tracts of land or to hand over unencumbered land, free of encroachments to us. Delays in any of the foregoing may result in delay of project implementation prescribed by the relevant contract and cause consequent delays in commencement of construction or termination of the contract on account of a material default by the concessioning authority. For instance, our Subsidiary, RSEL has submitted a claim of ₹ 1,003.65 million to NHAI in relation to certain disputes in the Reengus Sikar Project on account of, among other things, loss of bonus, escalation in costs due to delay in handing over of land, additional overhead charges, payment of annuity, loss of annuity due to delay in handing over of land and idling charges for manpower and machinery. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 488. Such events may also lead to disputes and claims and counter claims for losses and damages between us and the relevant government entity in addition to any other claims that may arise in the course of our business. We will continue to face risks associated with implementation of our contracts which could be due to reasons including those beyond our control which can include non-availability of environmental clearances, delay in acquisition of land by the government, or other delays from the concessioning authority. Any such factor could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**14.** **_A significant part of our business transactions are with government or government funded entities or government agencies in India, which may expose us to risk, including additional regulatory scrutiny._** 

Our business is primarily dependent on projects in the infrastructure sector which are usually undertaken by government undertakings. We provide EPC services both, on a fixed-sum turnkey basis and on an item rate basis. We also execute projects on BOT basis, operate them during the concession period and subsequently transfer the projects to the concessioning authority. In relation to such contracts, we may be subject to additional regulatory scrutiny associated with commercial transactions with government owned or controlled entities and agencies. Further, in certain instances, we may face delays associated with collection of receivables from government owned or controlled entities. 

Our EPC construction services contracts with government authorities are also subject to certain restrictions including technical audits by such government authorities which awarded that particular contract. If we fail to comply with a contractual or any other requirement or if there are any concerns that arise out of the audit conducted by a government entity, a variety of penalties can be imposed including monetary damages and criminal and civil penalties. As a result of this, any or all of our contracts entered into with government entities could be terminated and we could be suspended or debarred from all government contract work, or payment of our costs could be disallowed. The occurrence of any of these actions could harm our reputation and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**15.** **_Our business is capital intensive. If we experience insufficient cash flows to meet required payments on our debt and working capital requirements, there may be an adverse effect on our operations._** 

Our business requires a significant amount of working capital which is based on certain assumptions, and accordingly, any change of such assumptions would result in changes to our working capital requirements. A significant amount of working capital is required to finance the purchase or manufacturing of materials, mobilization of resources and other work on projects before payment is received from clients. Further, since the 

27 

contracts we bid typically involve a lengthy and complex bidding and selection process which is affected by a number of factors, it is generally difficult to predict whether or when a particular contract we have bid for will be awarded to us and the time period within which we will be required to mobilize our resources for the execution of such contract. As a result, we may need to incur additional indebtedness in the future to satisfy our working capital requirements. Our working capital requirements may increase if we undertake larger or additional BOT projects or if payment terms do not include advance payments or such contracts have payment schedules that shift payments toward the end of a project or otherwise increase our working capital burden. 

Our capital expenditure requirements and growth strategy thus require continued access to significant amounts of capital on acceptable terms. We cannot assure you that market conditions and other factors will permit future project and acquisition financings, debt or equity, on terms acceptable to us or at all. Our ability to arrange financing and the costs of such financing are dependent on numerous factors, including general economic and capital market conditions, credit availability from financial institutions, the amount and terms of our existing indebtedness, investor confidence, the continued success of current projects and laws that are conducive to our raising capital in this manner. Our attempts to consummate future financings may not be successful or be on terms favourable to us or at all. In addition, our ability to raise funds, either through equity or debt, is limited by certain restrictions imposed under Indian law. Further, if the demand for, or supply of, infrastructure financing at attractive rates or terms were to diminish or cease to exist, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operation could be adversely affected. 

We strive to maintain strong relationships with local and national banks, as well as non-banking financial institutions to increase our financing flexibility. Our credit profile often enables us to obtain financing on favourable terms from major financial institutions. However, we cannot assure you that our relationships with lenders will not change or that lenders will continue lending practices we are familiar with. Our lenders may implement new credit policies, adopt new pre-qualification criteria or procedures, raise interest rates or add restrictive covenants in loan agreements, some or all of which may significantly increase our financing costs, or prevent us from obtaining financings totally. As a result, our projects may be subject to significant delays and cost overruns, and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. In general, we may make provisions for bad debts, including those arising from progress payments or release of retention money, based primarily on ageing and other factors such as special circumstances relating to specific clients. There can be no assurance that the progress payments and the retention money will be remitted by our clients to us on a timely basis or that we will be able to efficiently manage the level of bad debt arising from such payment practice. Our working capital position is therefore also dependent on the financial position of our clients. All of these factors may result in an increase in the amount of our receivables and short-term borrowings and the continued increase in working capital requirements may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

**16.** **_Our contracts with government agencies usually contain terms that favour the government clients, who may terminate our contracts prematurely under various circumstances beyond our control and as such, we have limited ability to negotiate terms of these contracts and may have to accept unusual or onerous provisions._** 

The counterparties to a number of our construction contracts are government entities and these contracts are usually based on forms chosen by the government entities. As a result, we have only a limited ability to negotiate the terms of these contracts, which tend to favour our government clients. For instance, the terms laying out our obligations as well as tolling rates for our projects are determined by the government entities and we are not permitted to amend such terms or tolling rates. The contractual terms may present risks to our business, including: 

- risks we have to assume and lack of recourse to our government client where defects in site or geological conditions were unforeseen or latent from our preliminary investigations, design and engineering prior to submitting a bid; 

- liability for defects arising after the termination of the agreement; 

- clients’ discretion to grant time extensions, which may result in project delays and/or cost overruns; 

- our liability as a contractor for consequential or economic loss to our clients; 

- commitment of the government to secure encumbrance free land, utility shifting and delay in obtaining approvals; and 

- the right of the government client to terminate our contracts for convenience at any time after providing us with the required written notice within the specified notice period. 

28 

Our ability to continue operating our concessions or undertake projects thus largely depends on our government clients, who may terminate the relevant concession or construction agreements for reasons set forth in these agreements. If the government client terminates any of our concessions or construction agreements, under the relevant agreement it is generally required to compensate us for the amount of our unrecovered investment, unless the agreement is terminated pursuant to applicable law or our breach of the terms of the agreement is material. Such compensation process is likely to be time consuming and the amount paid to us may not fully compensate us. We are typically required to transfer the control and possession of the project and construction sites back to the government client, which may restrain us from clustering our projects or divesting our BOT assets on our desired terms and conditions. We cannot assure you that we would receive such compensation on a timely basis or in an amount equivalent to the value of our investment plus our lost profits. Further, in particular, NHAI has the right to change the scope of work to include additional work which was not contemplated at the time of execution of the contract. Such onerous conditions in the government contracts may affect the efficient execution of these projects and may have adverse effects on our profitability. 

# **17.** **_Any inability to maintain our equipment assets or manage our employees or inadequate workloads may cause underutilization of our workforce and equipment bank._** 

We are dependent on our large workforce for the operation of our projects and maintain a workforce and utilize our equipment based upon our current and anticipated workloads. As of January 31, 2018, we had 6,473 permanent employees  and also engaged contract labour at our project sites. For further details, see “ _Our Business – Human Resources_ ” on page 209. We estimate our future workload largely based on whether and when we will receive certain new contract awards. While our estimates are based upon our best judgment, these estimates can be unreliable and may frequently change based on newly available information. In a project where timing is uncertain, it is particularly difficult to predict whether or when we will receive a contract award. The uncertainty of contract awards and timing can present difficulties in matching our workforce size and equipment bank with our contract needs. In planning our growth, we have been adding to our workforce and equipment bank as we anticipate inflow of additional orders. We may further incur substantial equipment loans if we purchase additional equipment in anticipation of receiving new orders. If we do not receive future contract awards or if these awards are delayed or reduced, we may incur significant costs from maintaining the under-utilized workforce and equipment bank, and may further lack working capital to pay our equipment loan instalments on time or at all, which may result in reduced profitability for us or cause us to default under our equipment loans. 

As of January 31, 2018, our equipment base comprised over 3,300 construction equipment and vehicles. The maintenance and management of such equipment is critical for timely completion and delivery of our projects. Although, we have a maintenance facility at Udaipur to assist in timely maintenance of our equipment base, an inability to maintain and adequately manage our equipment assets, which have a limited period of useful life, could have an adverse impact on our business and financial condition. 

In addition, we may also be unable to hire or retain qualified engineers and workmen in line with the demand in our projects as well as our growth, which may have an impact on our reputation and results of operations. There can also be no assurance that we will not experience disruptions to our operations due to disputes or other problems with our work force such as work stoppages or increased wage demands, which may adversely affect our business. 

# **18.** **_Increases in the prices of construction materials, fuel, labour and equipment could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The cost of construction materials, fuel, labour and equipment maintenance constitutes a significant part of our operating expenses. We are vulnerable to the risk of rising and fluctuating steel and cement prices, which are determined by demand and supply conditions in the global and Indian markets as well as government policies. Any unexpected price fluctuations after placement of orders, shortage, delay in delivery, quality defects, or any factors beyond our control may result in an interruption in the supply of such materials and adversely affect our business, financial performance and cash flows. 

Our contracts to provide EPC services are mostly on the basis of a fixed price or a lump sum for the project as a whole, which may not always include escalation clauses covering any increased costs we may incur. As a result, our ability to pass on increased costs may be limited and we may have to absorb such increases which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may also suffer significant cost overruns or even losses in these projects due to unanticipated cost increases resulted from a number of factors such as changes in assumptions underlying our contracts, unavailability or unanticipated increases in the cost of construction materials, fuel, labour and equipment, changes in applicable taxation structures or the scope of work, 

29 

delays in obtaining requisite statutory clearances and approvals, delays in acquisition of land, procuring right of way, disruptions of the supply of raw materials due to factors beyond our control, unforeseen design or engineering challenges, inaccurate drawings or technical information provided by clients, severe weather conditions or force majeure events. Despite the escalation clauses in some of our construction contracts, we may experience difficulties in enforcing such clauses to recover the costs we incurred in relation to the additional work performed at the clients’ requests or due to the change of scope of work. If any of these risks materialize, they could adversely affect our profitability, which may in turn have an adverse effect on our overall results of operation. 

In addition, India has stringent labor legislation that protects the interests of workers, including legislation that sets forth detailed procedures for the establishment of unions, dispute resolution and employee removal and legislation that imposes certain financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment. Also any upward revision of the prescribed minimum wage or other benefits required to be paid to our workers (including in the event of injuries or death sustained in course of employment, dismissal or retrenchment) will result in the increase in cost of labor which we may be unable to pass on to our customers due to market conditions and also the pre agreed conditions of contract. This would result in us being required to absorb the additional cost, which may have a material adverse impact on our profitability. Further we also depend on third party contractors for the provision of various services associated with our business. Such third party contractors and their employees/workmen may also be subject to these labour legislations. 

# **19.** **_Our projects are exposed to various implementation and other risks and uncertainties which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our operations are subject to hazards inherent in providing erection, civil and maintenance services, such as risk of equipment failure, work accidents, fire or explosion, including hazards that may cause injury and loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property and equipment, and environmental damage. A significant number of our projects are under construction or under development. The construction or development of these projects involves various implementation risks including construction delays, delay or disruption in supply of raw materials, delays in acquisition of land, unanticipated cost increases, force majeure events, cost overruns or disputes with our joint venture partners. We may be further subject to risks such as: 

- we may encounter unforeseen engineering problems, disputes with workers, force majeure events and unanticipated costs due to defective plans and specifications; 

- we may not be able to obtain adequate capital or other financing at affordable costs or obtain any financing at all to complete construction of any of our projects; 

- we may not be able to provide the required guarantees under project agreements or enter into financing arrangements; 

- the projects that we are engaged in may not receive timely regulatory approvals and/or permits for development and operation of our projects, such as environmental clearances, mining, forestry or other approvals from the central or State environmental protection agencies, mining, forestry, railway or other regulatory authorities and may experience delays in land acquisition by the government and procuring right of way and other unanticipated delays; 

- we may experience shortages of, and price increases in, materials and skilled and unskilled labour, and inflation in key supply markets; 

- geological, construction, excavation, regulatory and equipment problems with respect to operating projects and projects under construction; 

- our road infrastructure customers may not use our toll roads in the expected quantities or at all or may not pay in full or at all; 

- the relevant authorities may not be able to fulfil their obligation prior to construction of a project, in accordance with the relevant contracts resulting in unanticipated delays; 

- delays in shifting of utilities or receipt of approvals from railways or other local bodies; 

- delays in completion and commercial operation could increase the financing costs associated with the construction and cause our forecast budget to be exceeded 

- we may be subject to risk of equipment failure or industrial accidents that may cause injury and loss of life, and severe damage to and destruction of property and equipment; 

- we may experience adverse changes in market demand or prices for the services that our projects are expected to provide; and 

- other unanticipated circumstances or cost increases. 

30 

In particular, our BOT projects typically have a long gestation period and require substantial capital infusion at periodic intervals before their completion and it may take several months or years before positive cash flows can be generated, if at all, from such projects. There cannot be any assurance that these projects will be completed in the time expected or at all, or that their gestation projects, or that we will recover our investments. In addition, even where a project proceeds as scheduled, it is possible that contracting parties may default and fail to pay amounts owed on the receivables due. If any or all of these risks materialise, we may suffer significant cost overruns or even losses in these projects due to unanticipated increase in costs as a result of which our business, profits and results of operations will be materially and adversely affected. 

**20.** **_Our business is substantially dependent on our ability to accurately carryout the pre-bidding engineering studies for bidding in such projects. Any deviation during the implementation and operation of the project as compared to our pre-bid engineering studies could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition._** 

In addition to our in-house experience in engineering survey, we also appoint technical consultants to carry out detailed inspection of the relevant project area and to record and highlight important features and identify any issue that may be of importance in terms of implementation and operation of such project. While we hire technical consultants for the purpose of carrying our pre-bidding engineering studies, we may not able to assure the accuracy of such studies. The accuracy of the pre-bidding studies is dependent on the following key elements: 

- preparing a project road map based investigations of the project site which include amongst other, pavement conditions, major water bodies, indication of any notified forest, right of way details, sensitive receptors on the project site; 

- undertaking engineering surveys and preliminary designs which broadly include carrying out inventory and detailed condition surveys, carrying our preliminary pavement investigations, availability of construction materials, identification of geometrically deficient stretches, investigating intersections and stretches and implementing design in accordance with environmental and social concern; 

- preparation of O&M estimates for the entire concession period of the project; and 

- preparation of bills of quantities, in consultation with our Company covering all the items required in the work. 

Any deterrence or deviation in the estimation and calculation of the aforementioned key elements, may hamper the quality of the pre-bid engineering study, on which we rely before submitting any tenders for the relevant project. Any deviation during the implementation and operation of the project as compared to our pre-bid engineering studies could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **21.** **_Our financial performance is dependent on our successful bidding for new projects and the noncancellation of projects awarded to us._** 

Majority of our projects are undertaken on a non-recurring basis, therefore, it is critical that we are able to continuously and consistently secure new projects of similar value and volume. There is no assurance that we will be able to do so or get projects where we have prior experience. In the event that we are not able to continually and consistently secure new projects of similar or higher value and on terms and conditions that are favourable to us, this would have an adverse impact on our financial performance. In addition, the scope of work in a project, which is dependent on its scale and complexity, will affect the profit margin of the project and our financial performance. In the event that we have to sub-contract a material portion of the project work to a third party subcontractor, our profit margins from such projects may be lower as compared to in-house execution of projects. Cancellation or delay in the commencement of secured projects due to factors such as changes in our customers’ businesses, poor market conditions and lack of funds on the part of the project owners may adversely affect us. In addition, there may be a lapse of time between the completion of our projects and the commencement of our subsequent projects. Any cancellation or delay of projects could lead to idle or excess capacity, and in the event that we are unable to secure replacement projects on a timely basis, this may adversely affect our business operations and financial conditions. 

**22.** **_We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully execute our growth strategies, which could affect our business prospects and results of operations._** 

31 

As part of our growth strategy, we propose to expand our existing EPC Business as well as diversify into sectors, other than road infrastructure construction that we are currently engaged in, such as water-related infrastructure including inland water transportation, water treatment and sewerage. Our growth strategies could place significant demand on our management and our administrative, technological, operational and financial infrastructure. As a result, we may be unable to maintain the quality of our services as our business grows. Our growth strategies are dependent on various circumstances, including business developments, new business(es) (including those incidental to our EPC Business and road business focused activities), investment opportunities or unforeseen contingencies. We could also encounter difficulties and delays in executing our growth strategies due to a number of factors, including, without limitation, delays in project execution resulting in significant time and cost overruns, delays or failure in receiving government and regulatory approvals, unavailability of human and capital resources, delayed payments or non-payments by clients, failure to implement bidding strategy, failure to correctly identify market trends, increase in cost of raw material, fuel, labour etc. or any other risks that we may or may not have foreseen. There can be no assurance that we will be able to execute our growth strategy on time and within the estimated costs, or that we will meet the expectations of our clients. 

In the instances where we have ventured in sectors other than roads as part of the EPC Business, we cannot assure you that we will be successful or continue to obtain new projects in such sectors. In order to manage growth effectively, we must implement and improve operational systems, procedures and controls on a timely basis, which, as we grow and diversify, we may not be able to implement, manage or execute efficiently and in a timely manner or at all, which could result in delays, increased costs and diminished quality and may adversely affect our results of operations and our reputation. In addition, if we raise additional funds for our growth through incurrence of debt, our interest and debt repayment obligations will increase, and we may be subject to additional covenants, which could limit our ability to access cash flow from operations and/or other means of financing. Further, our management may also change its view on the desirability of current strategies, and any resultant change in our strategies could put significant strain on our resources. 

Due to our limited experience in undertaking certain types of projects or offering certain services, our entry into new business segments or new geographical areas may not be successful, which could hamper our growth and damage our reputation. We may be unable to compete effectively for projects in these segments or areas or execute the awarded projects efficiently. Further, our new business or projects may turn out to be mutually disruptive and may cause an interruption to our business as a result. If we are unable to successfully execute our growth strategies, our business, prospects and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

**23.** **_Deterioration in the performance of our Company or any of our Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures may adversely affect our results of operations and our ability to pay dividends on the Equity Shares depends on our ability to obtain cash dividends or other cash payments._** 

We currently conduct a portion of our projects including projects undertaken through the hybrid annuity model through our Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures and these entities generate a significant portion of our operating income and cash flow. In addition, our Company undertakes the EPC aspects of such projects on behalf of our Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures. Any default by our Company or our Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures in the performance of their respective obligations could adversely impact our business and results of operations. We have made and may continue to make capital commitments to our Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures, and if the business or operations of any of these Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures deteriorates, the value of our investments may decline substantially. In addition, we will be required to rely on free cash flows of our Subsidiaries, cash dividends from our Joint ventures, investment income, financing proceeds and other permitted payments from our Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures to make principal and interest payments on our debt, pay operating expenses and dividends, if any, on the Equity Shares and pay other obligations of ours that may arise from time to time. The ability of our Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures to make payments to us depends largely on their financial condition and ability to generate profits as well as regulatory conditions. In addition, because our Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures are separate and distinct legal entities, they will have no obligation to pay any dividends and may be restricted from doing so by contract, including other financing arrangements, charter provisions, other shareholders or partners or the applicable laws and regulations of the various countries in which they operate. 

We cannot assure you that our Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures will generate sufficient profits and cash flows, or otherwise prove willing or able, to pay dividends to enable us to meet our obligations and pay interest, expenses and dividends, if any, on the Equity Shares. Our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected should our equity stake in our Subsidiaries or our equity interest in our Joint Ventures be diluted or in the event they cease to be our Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures. Further, in the event that the value of our investment 

32 

in any of our Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures diminishes significantly, this could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

**24.** **_Our Company failed to comply with certain terms and conditions of the Debt Listing Agreement and the SEBI Listing Regulations which may entail a regulatory action against our Company and consequently may affect listing and trading of our Equity Shares._** 

Our Company has in the past not complied with certain terms and conditions of the Debt Listing Agreement and SEBI Listing Regulations. In accordance with the SEBI Listing Regulations, our Company was required to file its half yearly results for the period ended September 30, 2015 and for the year ended March 31, 2016 by November 15, 2015 and May 15, 2016 respectively. However, our Company has subsequently made these filings on September 6, 2016 and September 12, 2016 respectively. Further, the Company was required to publish the financial results for the six month period ended September 30, 2015 within forty eight hours (as per the Debt Listing Agreement) and financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2016 within two calendar days (as per the SEBI Listing Regulations), of the conclusion of the meeting of the board of directors where such financial results or financial statements were approved, in at least one English national daily newspaper. The same were not published for the periods as aforementioned. We cannot assure you our Company will not be subject to any penalties imposed by the relevant regulatory authority in this respect. 

**25.** **_Our concession agreements contain certain restrictive covenants which could limit our flexibility in managing our business or projects and result in an adverse effect on our financial conditions and results of operations._** 

In the course of our operations, we have entered into various concession agreements with relevant authorities for our projects. Our concession agreements typically contain restrictive covenants and obligations, which require the prior consent of the relevant authority to undertake certain actions, including, for example, the amendment or modification of project agreements, creation of encumbrance or security interest, selection or replacement of contractors and change in the capital structure of the subsidiary or joint venture company. We cannot assure you that any failure to comply with such restrictive covenants will not constitute an event of default under the relevant concession agreements and could result in situations, such as, amongst others, payment of damages to the relevant authority or termination of our concession agreement by the lenders or the relevant authority. In addition, we may be restricted in our ability to, among other things, sell our interests to third parties, undertake expansions and contract with certain third parties. These restrictions may limit our flexibility in operating these projects, which could have an adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

**26.** **_The failure of a joint venture partner to perform its obligations could impose additional financial and performance obligations resulting in reduced profits or, in some cases, significant losses from the joint venture._** 

We enter into various joint ventures as part of our business and operations. The success of these joint ventures depends significantly on the satisfactory performance by our joint venture partner and fulfilment of its obligations. If our joint venture partners fail to perform these obligations satisfactorily, the joint venture may be unable to perform adequately or deliver its contracted services. In such cases we may be required to make additional investments and/ or provide additional services to ensure the adequate performance and delivery of the contracted services as we are subject to joint and several liabilities as a member of the joint venture, in most of our projects. Such additional obligations could result in reduced profits or, in some cases, significant losses for us. The inability of a joint venture partner to continue with a project due to financial or legal difficulties could mean that we would bear increased and possibly sole responsibility for the completion of the project and bear a correspondingly greater share of the financial risk of the project. Further any disputes that may arise between us and our strategic partners may cause delays in completion or the suspension or abandonment of the project. In the event that a claim, arbitration award or judgement is awarded against the consortium, we may be responsible for the entire claim. We cannot assure that our relationships with our consortium partners in the future will be amicable or that we will have any control over their actions. The realization of any of these risks and other factors may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **27.** **_Our statutory auditors have included certain qualifications and observations on certain matters in their audit reports._** 

Our statutory auditors have included certain qualifications and observations with respect to matters specified in their audit report and in terms of the Companies (Auditors Report) Order, 2003 (applicable for Fiscal 2013 and 

33 

2014), Companies (Auditors Report) Order, 2015 (applicable for Fiscal 2015) and Companies (Auditors Report) Order, 2016 (applicable for Fiscal 2016 and 2017), in relation to our historical audited standalone financial statements and audited consolidated financial statements. For further details on these qualifications and observations, see “ _Management’s Discussion on Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Auditor Observations_ ” on page 474. Investors should consider the same in evaluating our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **28.** **_Certain of our Subsidiaries and Group Companies have incurred losses in the past and may incur losses in the future which may have an adverse effect on our reputation and business._** 

Certain of our Subsidiaries and Group Companies have incurred losses in the preceding three Fiscals. The following table sets forth information on the Subsidiaries and Group Companies of our Company that have incurred losses as per the audited standalone financial statements of the respective entities in the periods specified below: 

|||**P**|**rofit/(losses) after ta**|**x**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**S. No.**|**Name**|**(₹ in mill**|**ion, unless otherwis**|**e stated)**|
|||**Fiscal 2017**|**Fiscal 2016**|**Fiscal 2015**|
|1.|Reengus Sikar Expressway Limited|35.82|10.07|(1.60)|
|2|G R Phagwara Expressway Limited|(0.03)|NA|NA|
|**Foreign**|**Subsidiary**|**Fiscal 2017***|**Fiscal 2016***|**Fiscal 2015***|
|3.|GR Building & Construction Nigeria Limited|NGN (630.52)<br>million|Nil|Nil|
|**Group**|**Companies**|**Fiscal 2017**|**Fiscal 2016**|**Fiscal 2015**|
||GraceBuildhomePrivateLimited|(0.01)|0.17|0.17|
||Udaipur Buildestate Private Limited|(0.21)|0.07|0.09|



* _Fiscal begins on January 1 of a particular year and ends on December 31 of that year._ 

There can be no assurance that our Subsidiaries or Group Companies will not incur losses in the future which may have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. 

# **29.** **_Our infrastructure projects enjoy certain benefits under Section 80IA of the Income Tax Act, 1961 and any change in these tax benefits applicable to us may affect our results of operations._** 

Presently, infrastructure projects (as specified under Section 80IA of the Income Tax Act, 1961), enjoy certain benefits under Section 80IA of the Income Tax Act, 1961. There can be no assurance that these projects will continue to enjoy the tax benefits under Section 80IA of the Income Tax Act, 1961 in future. Our Board in its discretion may choose to avail these benefits available to infrastructure projects. If the tax incentives expire or terminate or in the event that the relevant authority rejects our entitlement under the Income Tax Act, 1961, our Company may not be able to avail of these benefits. Pursuant to the Finance Act, 2016, the deduction shall not be available to an enterprise which starts the development or operation and maintenance of the infrastructure facility on or after April 1, 2017. For further details, see “ _Statement of Tax Benefits_ ” on page 136. 

# **30.** **_Compliance with, and changes in, environmental, health and safety laws and regulations or stringent enforcement of existing environmental, health and safety laws and regulations may result in increased liabilities and increased capital expenditures may adversely affect our cash flows, business results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our project operations are subject to environmental, health and safety and other regulatory and/ or statutory requirements in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Our project operations may generate  pollutants and waste, some of which may be hazardous. We are accordingly subject to various national, state, municipal and local laws and regulations concerning environmental protection in India, including laws addressing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of any hazardous substances, and wastes and the clean-up of contaminated sites. We may incur substantial costs in complying with environmental laws and regulations. We cannot assure you that compliance with such laws and regulations will not result in delays in completion, a material increase in our costs or otherwise have an adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Further, construction activities in India are also subject to various health and safety laws and regulations as well as laws and regulations governing their relationship with their respective employees in areas such as minimum wages, maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and terminating employees, contract labor and work permits. Accidents, in particular fatalities, may have an adverse impact on 

34 

our reputation and may result in fines and/or investigations by public authorities as well as litigation from injured workers or their dependents. 

Non-compliance with these laws and regulations, which among other things, limit or prohibit emissions or spills of toxic substances produced in connection with our operations, could expose us to civil penalties, criminal sanctions and revocation of key business licences. Environmental laws and regulations in India are becoming more stringent, and the scope and extent of new environmental regulations, including their effect on our operations, cannot be predicted with any certainty. In case of any change in environmental or pollution regulations, we may be required to invest in, among other things, environmental monitoring, pollution control equipment, and emissions management. 

As a consequence of unanticipated regulatory or other developments, future environmental and regulatory related expenditures may vary substantially from those currently anticipated. We cannot assure you that our costs of complying with current and future environmental laws and other regulations will not adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. In addition, we could incur substantial costs, our products could be restricted from entering certain markets, and we could face other sanctions, if we were to violate or become liable under environmental laws or if our products become non-compliant with applicable regulations. Our potential exposure includes fines and civil or criminal sanctions, third-party property damage or personal injury claims and clean-up costs. For details in relation to the environmental legal proceedings, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 488. 

# **31.** **_We may not be able to collect receivables due from our clients, in a timely manner, or at all, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

There may be delays in the collection of receivables, such as grant and annuity, from our clients or entities owned, controlled or funded by our clients or their related parties. As of December 31, 2017, ₹ 363.86 million, or 8.73% of our total trade receivables, on a consolidated basis, had been outstanding for a period exceeding six months from their respective due dates. We cannot assure you that we will be able to collect our receivables in time or at all which may have an adverse effect on our cash flows, business, results of operations and financial condition **_._** 

In addition, we may, at times, be required to claim additional payments from our clients for additional work and costs incurred in excess of the contract price or amounts not included in the contract price. However, our clients may interpret such additional work and costs restrictively and dispute our claims, resulting in lengthy arbitration, litigation or other dispute resolution proceedings, which we cannot assure that we can recover adequately. Further, we may incur substantial costs in collecting against our debtors and such costs may not be recovered in full or at all from the debtors. We require significant working capital requirements in our business operations and such delayed collection of receivables or inadequate recovery on our claims could materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

**32.** **_We rely on third parties, including contractors and sub-contractors, to complete certain projects and any failure arising from the non-performance, late performance or below par performance by such third parties, failure by a third-party subcontractor to comply with applicable laws, to obtain the necessary approvals, or provide services as agreed in the contract could affect the completion of our contracts resulting in penalties or other losses._** 

We are engaged as a principal contractor for the construction of EPC, BOT and hybrid annuity model projects and we have sub-contracted work on such projects. When we are the principal contractor, we rely on third-party subcontractors we hire to perform the work under our EPC contracts. When we sub-contract, payments may depend on the sub-contractor’s performance. We also rely on third-party equipment manufacturers or suppliers to provide the equipment and materials used for construction of our projects. The engagement of subcontractors is subject to certain risks, including difficulties in overseeing the performance of such subcontractors in a direct and effective manner, failure to complete a project where we are unable to hire suitable subcontractors, or losses as a result of unexpected subcontracting cost overrun. As the subcontractors have no direct contractual relationship with our clients, we are subject to risks associated with non-performance, late performance or poor performance by our subcontractors. As a result, we may experience deterioration in the quality of our projects, incur additional costs, or be exposed to liability in relation to the performance of subcontractors under the relevant contracts, which may have an impact on our profitability, financial performance and reputation, and may result in litigation or damages claims. 

35 

Further, we may also be subject to claims arising from defective work performed by subcontractors. While we may attempt to seek compensation from the relevant subcontractors, who may not be able to perform or perform in a timely manner their obligations, we may be required to compensate the project companies before receiving compensation from the subcontractors. If no corresponding claim can be asserted against a subcontractor, or the amounts of the claim cannot be recovered in full or at all from the subcontractor, we may be required to bear some or all the costs of the claims, in which case our business, financial position, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 

In addition, if we are unable to hire qualified subcontractors or find competent equipment manufacturers or suppliers, our ability to successfully complete a project could be affected. If the amount we are required to pay for subcontractors or equipment and supplies exceeds what we have estimated, we may suffer losses on these contracts. If a supplier, manufacturer or subcontractor fails to provide supplies, equipment or services as required under a negotiated contract for any reason or if a subcontractor engaged by us has misrepresented its qualification or eligibility to undertake a specific project, we may be required to source these supplies, equipment or services or a replacement for such sub-contractor (as the case may be) on a delayed basis or at a higher cost than anticipated, which could impact contract profitability. Any such misrepresentation by a subcontractor as to its qualification or eligibility may also affect our ability to successfully complete a project and thereby harm our reputation. 

# **33.** **_Our in-house integrated model may fail which may affect our operations, reputation and profitability._** 

Through our in-house integrated model, we have developed in-house resources with key competencies to deliver a project from conceptualization to completion which includes our qualified design and engineering team; two manufacturing units located at Udaipur and Guwahati for processing of bitumen, manufacturing of thermoplastic road-marking paint and road signage along with a fabrication and galvanization unit at Ahmedabad, for metal crash barriers. We rely on our in-house integrated model for timely and efficient execution of our projects. In case of any disruptions or malfunctions at any of our facilities as a result of which the materials required for the construction of our projects are not available on time, we may have to procure such materials from third party suppliers which may not be available at short notice or within the timelines required by us or at the rates favourable to us which may have an adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations. Further, any damage to our storage units or mishandling of our raw materials will adversely affect the timely execution of projects. 

Further, any change in government policies resulting in a shift from the usage of bitumen to cement for construction of roads or a decrease in demand for bitumen, our operations and financial condition may be adversely affected as we will have to rely on third parties to supply raw materials and we may not be able to recover the investments made by us in setting up our bitumen manufacturing plants in Udaipur and Guwahati. 

**34.** **_We operate in a highly competitive market. If we are unable to bid for and win construction projects, both large and small, or compete with larger competitors, we could fail to increase, or maintain, our volume of order intake and our results of operations may be materially adversely affected._** 

We operate in a competitive environment and our competition is based on size, nature, complexity and location of projects, price, proximity of materials to the local market, the availability of sub-contractors, construction workers and local economic conditions. Some of our competitors may have greater industry experience, and substantial financial, technical and other resources which enables them to undertake larger projects or obtain better financing arrangements. Further, our ability to bid for and win projects is dependent on a number of factors including our ability to show experience in executing large projects and to demonstrate that we have strong engineering and construction capabilities. We may not always meet the pre-qualification criteria in our own right, as a result, we may need to partner or collaborate with other companies. We also face competition from other bidders in a similar position looking for suitable joint venture partners for pre-qualification requirements. If we are unable to partner with other companies or lack the credentials to be the partner-of-choice for other companies, we may lose the opportunity to bid for, and therefore fail to increase or maintain our volume of new construction contract orders. In the EPC segment, we face significant competition in our business from a large number of infrastructure and road development companies who also operate in the same regional markets as us. Some of our competitors are better known in our markets and may commence operations in the vicinity of our current projects. 

Although there are numerous factors that could affect our ability to win projects, pricing plays an important role in most tender awards. While we have, in the past, been awarded a number of contracts in this segment, we cannot assure you that we will continue to be awarded such contracts. Some of the new entrants may also bid at lower margins in order to be awarded a contract. As a result, the nature of the bidding process may cause us and our competitors to accept lower margins in order to be awarded a contract. We may also decide not to participate in 

36 

some projects as accepting such lower margins may not be financially viable and this may adversely affect our competitiveness to bid for and win future contracts. Our inability to effectively manage such competitive pressures and manage our costs efficiently, it could have a material adverse effect on our operating margins, business growth and prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

**35.** **_Obsolescence, destruction, theft, breakdowns of our major plants or equipment or failures to repair or maintain the same may adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations._** 

To maintain our capability to undertake large-scale projects, we seek to purchase plants and equipment built with the latest technologies and knowhow and keep them readily available for our construction activities through careful and comprehensive repairs and maintenance. However, we cannot assure you that we will be immune from the associated operational risks such as the obsolescence of our plants or equipment, destruction, theft or major equipment breakdowns or failures to repair our major plants or equipment, which may result in their unavailability, project delays, cost overruns and even defaults under our construction contracts. For instance, during the period between Fiscal 2015 and the nine months ended December 31, 2017, claims for seven construction equipments and vehicles were reported out of which two were stolen and five were destroyed. The latest technologies used in newer models of construction equipment may improve productivity significantly and render our older equipment obsolete. 

Obsolescence, destruction, theft or breakdowns of our major plants or equipment may significantly increase our equipment purchase cost and the depreciation of our plants and equipment, as well as change the way our management estimates the useful life of our plants and equipment. In such cases, we may not be able to acquire new plants or equipment or repair the damaged plants or equipment in time or at all, particularly where our plants or equipment are not readily available from the market or requires services from original equipment manufacturers. Some of our major equipment or parts may be costly to replace or repair. We may experience significant price increases due to supply shortages, inflation, transportation difficulties or unavailability of bulk discounts. Such obsolescence, destruction, theft, breakdowns, repair or maintenance failures or price increases may not be adequately covered by the insurance policies availed by us and may have an adverse effect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. Our Company’s insurance cover as on the date of December 31, 2017 is approximately ₹ 3,839.73 million in respect of its net block of property, plant and equipment which stood at ₹ 4,821.20 million as of December 31, 2017. Consequently, our Company’s insurance cover as a percentage of its net block of property, plant and equipment as of December 31, 2017 was approximately 79.64%. 

# **36.** **_We require various statutory and regulatory permits and approvals in the ordinary course of our business, and our failure to obtain, renew or maintain them in a timely manner may adversely affect our operations._** 

We require certain statutory and regulatory permits, approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions for our business and operations. For details of the key laws and regulations applicable to us, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 212. We may need to apply for further approvals in the future including renewal of approvals that may expire from time to time. There can be no assurance that the relevant authorities will issue such permits or approvals in the timeframe anticipated by us or at all. In addition, during the course of our business we also receive notices from various statutory authorities primarily related to the labour employed by us for our projects. Our Company has been issued notices from statutory and other regulatory authorities for non-compliance under labour laws. Our Company has responded as appropriate to such notices related to the labour employed and related factors therein. 

Failure by us to renew, maintain or obtain the required permits or approvals at the requisite time may result in the interruption of our operations and may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, we cannot assure that the approvals, licenses, registrations and permits issued to us would not be suspended or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. Any failure to renew the approvals that have expired or apply for and obtain the required approvals, licenses, registrations or permits, or any suspension or revocation of any of the approvals, licenses, registrations and permits that have been or may be issued to us, may impede our operations. We have applied for certain regulatory approvals that have not been received as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For further details, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 499. 

37 

We may continue to be impleaded in such legal proceedings in the course of our business in the future. There can be no assurance that we will not become involved in future litigation or other proceedings or be held responsible in any such future litigation or proceedings relating to safety, health and environmental matters in the future, could divert management time and attention, and consume financial resources in defense or prosecution of such legal proceedings or cause delays in the construction, development or commencement of operations of our projects. No assurance can be given that we will be successful in all, or any, of such proceedings. Further, clean-up and remediation costs, as well as damages, other liabilities and related litigation, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our Company has also not applied for certain approvals, details of which have been provided in “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 499. We cannot assure you that the relevant regulatory or statutory authorities will not initiate actions against us for carrying out the work without applying for and holding valid approvals. In the event that we are unable to obtain such approvals in a timely manner or at all, our business operations may be adversely affected. 

# **37.** **_We rely on our information technology systems for our operations and its reliability and functionality is critical to the success of our business._** 

We rely on our information technology systems for our operations and its reliability and functionality is critical to our business success. Our growing dependence on the IT infrastructure, applications, and data has caused us to have a vested interest in its reliability and functionality, which can be affected by a number of factors, including, the increasing complexity of the IT systems, frequent change and short life span due to technological advancements and data security. If our IT systems malfunction or experience extended periods of down time, we may not be able to run our operations safely or efficiently. We may suffer losses in revenue, reputation and volume of business and our financial condition and results of operation may be materially and adversely affected. So far, we have not experienced any material widespread disruptions of service to our clients, but there can be no assurance that we may not encounter disruptions in the future. 

Further, our future success will depend in part on our ability to respond to technological advances and emerging standards and practices on a cost effective and timely basis. In addition, Government authorities may require adherence with certain technologies in the execution of projects and we cannot assure you that we would be able to implement the same in a timely manner, or at all. Our failure to successfully adopt such technologies in a cost effective and a timely manner could increase our costs (in comparison to our competitors who may be able to successfully implement such technologies) and lead to us bidding at lower margins/loss of bidding opportunities vis-à-vis such competitors. Any of the above events may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **38.** **_Our business is relatively concentrated in northern part of India and any adverse development in these regions may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

While we carry on business in various states of India, our project portfolio has historically been concentrated in the northern States of India, making us vulnerable to risks associated with having geographically concentrated operations. As of January 31, 2018, our ongoing projects constituting part of our Order Book in northern India are located in the states of Rajasthan, Punjab, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh.  Such concentration of business subjects us to various regional risks in these states, including, (i) regional slowdown in construction activities or reduction in infrastructure projects; (ii) vulnerability to change in laws, policies and regulations of the political and economic environment; (iii) perception by our potential customers that we are a regional construction company which hampers us from competing for large and complex projects at the national level; and (iv) limitation on our ability to implement the strategy to cluster projects in the states where we intend to conduct business. While we strive to geographically diversify our project portfolio and reduce our concentration risk, we cannot assure you that adverse developments associated with the region will not impact on our business. If we are unable to mitigate the concentration risk, we may not be able to develop our business as planned and our business, financial condition and results of operation could be adversely affected. 

# **39.** **_Our operations are subject to risks of mishaps or accidents that could cause damage or loss to life and property and could also result in loss or slowdown in our business._** 

Our business operations are subject to operating risks, including fatal accidents, mishaps failure of equipment, power supply, labour disputes, natural disasters or other force majeure conditions which are beyond our control. The occurrence of any of these factors could significantly affect our results of operations and financial condition. Long periods of business disruption could result in a loss of customers. Although we take precautions to minimize 

38 

the risk of any significant operational problems at our operation sites, there can be no assurance that we will not face such disruptions in the future. 

We have in the past also made compensation and related payments in relation to fatal accidents that have occurred at our project sites and as such cannot assure you that such accidents will not happen in the future. During the construction and maintenance period, we may be exposed to various risks which we may not be able to foresee or may not have adequate insurance coverage. Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover such loss or damage to life and property, and any consequential losses arising due to such events will affect our operations and financial condition. Further, in addition to the above, any such fatal accident or incident causing damage or loss to life and property, even if we are fully insured or held not to be liable, could negatively affect our reputation, thereby making it more difficult for us to conduct our business operations effectively, and could significantly affect our Order Book, availability of insurance coverage in the future and our results of operations. 

# **40.** **_Failure to achieve financial closure within a stipulated period of time for our future BOT projects would attract penalty and may also lead to termination of the contract._** 

The terms of our contracts for our BOT, require us to achieve financial closure for the projects within a stipulated period from the date of signing of the contract or the date of the letter of acceptance, as the case may be. If we are unable to achieve financial closure within the stipulated period, then the contract contemplates payment of damages to the relevant entity. For instance, the entire bid security amount paid by us may be appropriated as damages by the relevant entity, in the event of our failure to achieve financial closure within the specified time. The contracts for our BOT also provide that in the event the financial closure is not achieved within the stipulated date or the extended date, the contract shall be deemed to have been terminated by mutual consent of the parties. The contracts that we may enter into in future may have similar or more stringent terms. We cannot assure you that we will be able to achieve financial closure in time or at all for the new projects awarded to us or for our future projects. Any delay in achieving financial closure could result in us having to pay damages as per the terms of the contract or the contract being terminated in accordance with its terms, thereby adversely affecting our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **41.** **_Our business is subject to seasonal and other fluctuations that may affect our cash flows and business operations._** 

Our business and operations may be affected by seasonal factors which may restrict our ability to carry on activities related to our projects and fully utilize our resources. Heavy or sustained rainfalls or other extreme weather conditions such as cyclones could result in delays or disruptions to our operations during the critical periods of our projects and cause severe damages to our premises and equipment. This may result in delays in execution of projects and also reduce our productivity. During periods of curtailed activity due to adverse weather conditions, we may continue to incur operating expenses and our project related activities may be delayed or reduced. Adverse seasonal developments may also require the evacuation of personnel, suspension or curtailment of operations, resulting in damage to construction sites or delays in the delivery of materials. Any such fluctuations may adversely affect our total income, cash flows, results of operations and financial conditions. 

# **42.** **_We are subject to risks arising from interest rate fluctuations, which could reduce the profitability of our projects and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Interest rates for borrowings have been volatile in India in recent periods. Our operations are funded to a significant extent by debt and increases in interest rate and a consequent increase in the cost of servicing such debt may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Changes in prevailing interest rates affect our interest expense in respect of our borrowings and our interest income in respect of our interest on short term deposits with banks. Our current debt facilities carry interest at variable rates as well as fixed rates. Although we may in the future engage in interest rate hedging transactions or exercise any right available to us under our financing arrangements to terminate the existing debt financing arrangement on the respective reset dates and enter into new financing arrangements, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so on commercially reasonable terms or that these agreements, if entered into, will protect us adequately against interest rate risks. Further, if such arrangements do not protect us adequately against interest rate risks, they would result in higher costs. 

**43.** **_Any unscheduled or prolonged disruption of our manufacturing operations could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

39 

As part of our in-house integrated model, we have manufacturing facilities for processing of bitumen, thermoplastic road-marking paint and road signage and a fabrication and galvanization unit for metal crash barriers. Any unscheduled or prolonged disruption of our manufacturing operations, including due to power failure, fire and unexpected mechanical failure of equipments, performance below expected levels of output or efficiency, obsolescence, labour disputes, strikes, lock-outs, earthquakes and other natural disasters, industrial accidents or any significant social, political or economic disturbances, could reduce our ability to produce the raw materials required for our projects and as a result, adversely affect our business and financial conditions. We may be subject to manufacturing disruptions due to contraventions by us of any of the conditions of our regulatory approvals, which may require our manufacturing facility to cease, or limit, production until the disputes concerning such approvals are resolved. In the event of prolonged interruptions in the operations of our manufacturing facility, we may have to import various supplies and products in order to meet our project requirements, which could affect our profitability. 

# **44.** **_We may be required to pay additional stamp duty if the concession agreements are subjected to payment of stamp duty as deeds creating leasehold rights or as development agreements._** 

We may be required to pay additional stamp duty if the concession agreements are subject to payment of stamp duty as deeds creating leasehold rights or as development agreements. Certain concession agreements which our Company or our Subsidiaries or our joint ventures have entered into or as development agreements and accordingly, in the future, such agreements may be required to be stamped as lease agreements, or as development agreements as applicable, which as a result would lead to an increase in our costs and could adversely affect our business and financial conditions. Further, although the concession agreements contain provisions for reimbursement by the concessioning authority in the event of a change in law, the imposition of additional stamp duty may not be considered to be a change in law requiring the concessioning authority to compensate us for the financial burden and/or amend the concession agreements. 

# **45.** **_We have certain contingent liabilities that have not been provided for in our financial statements, which if they materialise, may adversely affect our financial condition._** 

We usually need to provide performance guarantees when we undertake construction projects, which are often demanded by our clients to protect them against potential defaults by us. We are also often required to have our lenders issue letters of credit in favour of our suppliers for purchases of equipment and raw materials. We thus may have substantial contingent liabilities from time to time depending on the projects we undertake and the amount of our purchases. 

As of December 31, 2017, our contingent liabilities, on a standalone and consolidated basis, that have not been provided for were as follows: 

|**Particulars**|**Amount**|
|---|---|
||**(₹ in million)**|
||**(Consolidated)**|
|**Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debts**||
|Sales tax matters|7.18|
|Income tax matters|7.48|
|Guaranteesgiven to thirdparties|10,119.33|
|**Total**|**10,133.99**|
|**Particulars**|**Amount**|
||**(₹ in million)**|
||**(Standalone)**|
|**Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debts**||
|Sales tax matters|7.18|
|Income tax matters|7.48|
|Guaranteesgiven to thirdparties|10,119.33|
|**Total**|**10,133.99**|



For further details, see “ _Note 37 – Contingent Liabilities and Commitments - Restated Standalone Financial Information_ ” and “ _Note 38 – Contingent Liabilities and Commitments - Restated Consolidated Financial Information_ ” on pages 324 and 414, respectively. 

40 

If a significant portion of these liabilities materializes, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **46.** **_Our Company has issued Equity Shares to the Selling Shareholders at a price which may be lower than the Offer Price._** 

Our Company has issued Equity Shares to the Investor Selling Shareholders at a price which could be lower than the Offer Price. For details of the Equity Shares issued to the Investor Selling Shareholders, see “ _Capital StructureDetails of the share capital held by the Investor Selling Shareholders in our Company_ ” on page 112. The Offer Price is not indicative of the price that will prevail in the open market following listing of the Equity Shares. 

# **47.** **_We have issued Equity Shares during the last twelve months at a price that may be lower than the Offer Price._** 

During the last twelve months, we have issued Equity Shares at a price that may be lower than the Offer Price, as set out in the table below: 

|**Date of**<br>**allotment**|**No. of equity**<br>**shares**|**Face**<br>**value**<br>**(₹)**|**Issue**<br>**Price**<br>**(₹)**|**Nature of**<br>**consideration**|**Details of allotment**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|March<br>12,<br>2018|18,500,000||-|Other than cash|Allotment<br>pursuant<br>to<br>amalgamation of GRIPL with and<br>into our Company|



For further details regarding such issuances of Equity Shares, see “ _Capital Structure - Notes to Capital Structure - Share capital history of our Company_ ” on page 104. 

# **48.** **_We may be adversely affected by lenders’ enforcement of our Company’s guarantees in relation to certain debt facilities of our Subsidiaries._** 

As of February 28, 2018, our Company has provided corporate guarantees for an aggregate amount of ₹ 1,186.31 million in favour of certain lenders of our Subsidiaries. Such lenders may enforce the guarantees against our Company, if the relevant Subsidiary is in breach of its obligations under the relevant loan documents. The lenders may also require alternate or additional guarantees, collaterals, accelerated payments of outstanding amounts or terminate the relevant loan facilities if they determine that our Company’s guarantees are inadequate. We may not be successful in providing the required guarantees or at all and may need to repay outstanding amounts or seek additional sources of capital, which could affect our cash flows, financial condition and results of operation. For further details, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 484. 

# **49.** **_We may not be successful in implementing our growth strategy to expand into new geographic areas, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We intend to expand our operations into new geographic and functional areas. Our construction activities have, however, historically been focused in north India and primarily in the areas of roads, highways and airport runways. However, in line with our business strategies, we propose to continue to expand our presence across India and to diversify into water management and railways related infrastructure projects and continue to focus on roads, highways and airport runway construction projects. We have limited background and experience in these areas, and we may need to enter into strategic tie-ups, recruit additional skilled personnel and purchase additional equipment to support such activities. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully implement such expansion and diversification strategies, in a timely or cost-effective manner, or at all. 

In addition, expansion into new geographic regions within India will subject us to various challenges, including those relating to our lack of familiarity with the social, political, economic and cultural conditions of these new regions, language barriers, difficulties in staffing and managing such operations and the lack of brand recognition and reputation in such regions. Further, as we seek to diversify our regional focus, we may face the risk that our competitors may be better known in other markets, enjoy better relationships with customers and international joint venture partners, gain early access to information regarding attractive projects and be better placed to bid for and be awarded such projects. Increasing competition could result in price and supply volatility, which could cause our business to suffer. There can be no guarantee that we will be able to effectively manage our entry into new functional and geographical areas, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 

41 

**50.** **_For supply of certain raw materials, we rely on a limited number of suppliers. Inadequate or interrupted supply or sub-standard quality of raw materials, could adversely affect our reputation, business and results of operations._** 

Our business depends on the adequate supply of quality construction and other raw materials at reasonable prices on a timely basis. The principal raw materials used in our projects our bitumen, steel and cement which are procured from certain regular suppliers. Although, we manufacture certain of our raw materials at our own manufacturing facilities as part of our integrated model, we rely on a limited number of suppliers for other raw materials and any delays or stoppages by such raw material suppliers could adversely affect our operations and financial condition. While we have not experienced any significant disruptions to our operations due to the unavailability of raw materials, lack of long-term price contracts and the absence of an assured supply of raw materials in adequate quantities at competitive prices, could result in a disruption of our production schedule or result in our sourcing raw materials from other sources at prices that are less favorable to us, resulting in an increase in our operating costs and materially and adversely affecting our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, the quality of raw materials delivered by suppliers engaged by us has a direct impact on the overall quality of our construction and the timeliness of our delivery to our clients. Although we generally ensure strict quality and process control measures for suppliers, we may be subject to potential claims against us by our clients in case of any sub-standard materials provided by our suppliers. In such circumstances, our reputation may suffer and our resources could be strained. 

**51.** **_Our operations are dependent on a significant number of contract labor and an inability to access adequate contract labor at reasonable costs at our project sites across India may adversely affect our business prospects and results of operations._** 

Our operations are significantly dependent on access to a large pool of contract labor for our construction work and the execution of our projects. The number of contract labourers employed by us varies from time to time based on the nature and extent of work we are involved in. Our dependence on such contract labor may result in significant risks for our operations, relating to the availability and skill of such contract laborers, as well as contingencies affecting availability of such contract labor during peak periods in labor intensive sectors such as ours. There can be no assurance that we will have adequate access to skilled workmen at reasonable rates and in the areas in which we execute our projects. As a result, we may be required to incur additional costs to ensure timely execution of our projects. In addition, there may be local regulatory requirements relating to use of contract labor in specified areas and such regulations may restrict our ability to recruit contract labour for a project. Further, all contract labourers engaged in our projects are assured minimum wages that are fixed by the relevant State governments, and any increase in such minimum wages payable may adversely affect our results of operations. 

# **52.** **_We conduct a portion of our operations through joint ventures over which we may have limited control._** 

We conduct a portion of our business through joint ventures over which we have limited control. For further details, see “ _Our Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures_ ” on page 223. As a result, we have limited control over these entities and any differences in views among such participants may result in delayed decisions or failures to reach agreement on major issues. We may, in certain instances, fail to reach agreement on significant decisions on a timely basis. We also cannot control the actions of such partners, including any non-performance, default by or bankruptcy of our partners, and we typically share liability or have joint and/or several liability with our partners for such matters. Any of these factors could potentially have a material adverse effect on our operations and the profitability of these entities. 

Further, these joint ventures may not be subject to the same requirements regarding internal controls as applicable to us. As a result, internal control issues may arise that could have a material adverse effect on these joint ventures. In addition, in order to establish or preserve relationships with such partners, we may agree to assume risks and contribute resources that are proportionately greater than the returns we expect to receive in the related joint venture. Such agreements may reduce our income and returns on these investments compared to what we would have received if our assumed risks and contributed resources were proportionate to our returns. The occurrence of any or all of the above events may result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

42 

**53.** **_Our Company, Group Companies and Promoters have unsecured loans that may be recalled by the lenders at any time and our Company, Group Companies and Promoters may not have adequate funds to make timely payments or at all._** 

Our Company, Group Companies and Promoters have availed unsecured loans which may be recalled by their lenders at any time. As of December 31, 2017, such loans availed by our Company amounted to ₹ 50.36 million. Such loans may not be repayable in accordance with any agreed repayment schedule and may be recalled by the relevant lenders at any time. In the event that any lender seeks a repayment of any such unsecured loan, our Company, Group Companies and Promoters would need to find alternative sources of financing, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. As a result, any such demand may materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations as well as that of our Group Companies and Promoters. 

**54.** **_Industry information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from an industry report commissioned by us for such purpose. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical, financial and other industry information is either complete or accurate._** 

We have availed the services of an independent third party research agency, CRISIL Research, to prepare an industry report titled “Industry Report on Infrastructure” dated March 2018 (“ **CRISIL Report** ”), for purposes of inclusion of such information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. This report is subject to various limitations and based upon certain assumptions that are subjective in nature. We have not independently verified data from this industry report. Although we believe that the data may be considered to be reliable, the accuracy, completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed and dependability cannot be assured. While we have taken reasonable care in the reproduction of the information, the information has not been prepared or independently verified by us, or the Book Running Lead Manager or any of our or its respective affiliates or advisors and, therefore, we make no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of such facts and statistics. Further, CRISIL Research has advised that while it has taken due care and caution in preparing the commissioned report, which is based on information obtained from sources that it considers reliable, it does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the information and disclaims responsibility for any errors or omissions in the Information or for the results obtained from the use of the information. The CRISIL Report also highlights certain industry and market data, which may be subject to assumptions. Due to possibly flawed or ineffective collection methods or discrepancies between published information and market practice and other problems, the statistics herein may be inaccurate or may not be comparable to statistics produced for other economies and should not be unduly relied upon. Further, there is no assurance that they are stated or compiled on the same basis or with the same degree of accuracy as may be the case elsewhere. Statements from third parties that involve estimates are subject to change, and actual amounts may differ materially from those included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

**55.** **_An inability to adapt to the changing needs of the industry and specific requirements of our clients in the infrastructure sector and in the other industries we intend to diversify into may adversely affect our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our future success will depend in part on our ability to address the changing needs of the industry and specific requirements of our clients in the infrastructure sector as well as the other industries that we seek to diversify into, including evolving engineering and construction technologies and processes. There can be no assurance that we will be able to address these requirements in a cost effective and timely manner, or at all. We may not have access to advanced construction technologies, processes or equipment and may not succeed in adopting emerging industry standards and processes in a cost-effective and timely manner. If we are unable, for technical, legal, financial or other reasons, to adapt in a timely and cost effective manner to changing market conditions, customer requirements or technological changes, our business operations and financial performance could be adversely affected. 

**56.** **_We have not entered into any definitive arrangements to utilize certain portions of the net proceeds of the Offer. Our funding requirements and deployment of the Net Proceeds of the Offer are based on management estimates and have not been independently appraised._** 

We intend to use the net proceeds of the Offer for the purposes described in _“Objects of the Offer”_ on page 119. The objects of the Offer and our funding requirement (including requirement of plant and machinery) and for infusion of funds in our Subsidiaries is based on management estimates and have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. These are based on current conditions and are subject to changes in external circumstances 

43 

or costs, or in other financial condition, business or strategy, as discussed further below. In addition, while we have received quotations, we have not yet placed orders for the equipment that we propose to purchase from the net proceeds of the Offer. The actual amount and timing of our future capital requirements may differ from our estimates as a result of, among other things, unforeseen delays or cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, engineering design changes and technological changes. Some of the equipment we intend to deploy is expected to be imported and must be paid for in foreign currency. Changes in foreign exchange rates adversely affecting the value of the Rupee may adversely affect the cost of some of the projects. We cannot assure you that we will be able to execute our capital expenditure plans as contemplated or utilise the amounts earmarked for investments in the projects which will be constructed by our Subsidiaries as on date or in the future. Our management, in accordance with the policies established by our Board from time to time, will have flexibility in deploying the net proceeds of the Offer. Based on the competitive nature of our industry, we may have to revise our business plan and/ or management estimates from time to time and consequently our funding requirements may also change. Our management estimates may exceed fair market value or the value that would have been determined by third party appraisals, which may require us to reschedule or reallocate our project and capital expenditure and may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**57.** **_We are dependent on a number of our Key Managerial Personnel and other senior management personnel, and the loss of or our inability to attract or retain such persons could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our performance depends largely on the efforts and abilities of our Key Managerial Personnel and other senior management personnel, including our present officers. The inputs and experience of our key managerial personnel and other senior management personnel are valuable for the development of our business and operations and the strategic directions taken by us. Our ability to meet continued success and future business challenges depends on our ability to attract, recruit and retain experienced, talented and skilled professionals. We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain these employees or find adequate replacements in a timely manner, or at all, should they chose to discontinue their employment with us. In terms of our concession agreements, we are required to employ qualified and trained employees for operating the projects. We may require a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when skilled personnel terminate their employment with us. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting skilled employees that our business requires. We believe that competition for qualified personnel with relevant expertise in India is intense due to the scarcity of qualified individuals in the industry that we operate in. The loss of the services of our Key Managerial Personnel, senior management or other key personnel or our inability to recruit or train a sufficient number of experienced personnel or our inability to manage the attrition levels in different employee categories may have an adverse effect on our financial results and business prospects. 

**58.** **_We do not hold any patents or other form of intellectual property protection in relation to our construction and manufacturing processes, and our inability to maintain the integrity and secrecy of our construction and manufacturing processes may adversely affect our business._** 



Our Company owns the trademark pursuant to a trademark registration (no. 1861143) dated June 17, 2015, under class 19 (which comprises of building materials (non-metallic), non-metallic rigid pipes for building, asphalt, pitch and bitumen, non-metallic transportable buildings and non - metal monuments) and class 37 (which comprises of building construction, repair and installation services) under the Trademarks Act, 1999. However, our construction and manufacturing processes are not protected by any intellectual property right and further, they may not be eligible for intellectual property protection. In addition, our technical skill and expertise may not be adequately protected by intellectual property rights such as patent registration. As a result, other players may be able to use the same or similar automation in construction and production processes, thereby undermining any competitive advantage we may have derived from such processes and adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations. 

It is our policy to take precautions to protect our trade secrets and confidential information against breach of trust by our employees, consultants, customers and suppliers and our agreements with employees incorporate confidentiality provisions. However, it is possible that unauthorized disclosure of our trade secrets or confidential information may occur. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in the protection of our trade secrets and confidential information. If we fail to protect our intellectual property, including our trademarks and trade secrets, our business and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

44 

**59.** **_We are dependent on our relationship with our individual Promoters. Any adverse change in our relationship with our individual Promoters could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

We benefit from our relationship with our individual Promoters and our success depends upon the continuing services of our individual Promoters who have been responsible for the growth of our business and are closely involved in the overall strategy, direction and management of our business. Our Promoters have been actively involved in the day to day operations and management since the incorporation of the Company. Accordingly, we benefit from our relationship with our individual Promoters and our performance is heavily dependent upon the services of our individual Promoters. However, we cannot assure that we will be able to continue to take advantage of the benefits from these relationships in the future. If our Promoters are unable or unwilling to continue in their present position, we may not be able to replace them easily or at all, which could adversely affect our business operations and growth prospectus and affect our ability to continue to manage and expand our business. 

**60.** **_Our Company has pledged, and may continue to pledge a portion of the shares held by it in certain of the Subsidiaries in favour of lenders, who may exercise their rights under the respective pledge agreements in events of default_** 

Our Company has pledged and may continue to pledge a portion of the shares it holds in certain of the Subsidiaries in favour of lenders as security for the loans provided to the Subsidiaries. If the Subsidiaries default on their obligations under the relevant financing documents, the lenders may enforce the share pledges, have the shares transferred to their names and acquire management control over the Subsidiaries whose shares have been pledged. On the occurrence of a default, the security trustee is entitled to either register the shares in its own name or sell the shares to any person without any restriction resulting in our Company’s equity stake in such Subsidiaries being sold to any of our competitors leading to loss of the value of any such pledged shares and non-recognition of any revenue attributable to them. In addition, if we lose control of any of the Subsidiaries, our ability to implement our overall business strategy would be adversely affected. For details in respect of our shareholding interest and the pledges of our shareholding interests in our Subsidiaries, see “ _Our Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures_ ” and “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on pages 223 and 484, respectively. 

# **61.** **_Our Promoters, certain of our Directors hold Equity Shares in our Company and are therefore interested in the Company's performance other than remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Certain of our Directors (including our Promoters) are interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses, to the extent of their shareholding in our Company. For further details, see “ _Our Management_ ” on page 231. There can be no assurance that our Directors (including our Promoters) will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. Except for Directors who are also Key Management Personnel and to the extent that they hold equity shares in our Company, no other Key  Management Personnel hold equity shares in our Company. Further, our Promoters will continue to exercise significant control over us, including being able to control the composition of our Board and determine decisions requiring simple or special majority voting of shareholders, and our other shareholders may be unable to affect the outcome of such voting. Our Promoters may take or block actions with respect to our business, which may conflict with the best interests of the Company or that of minority shareholders. 

**62.** **_We have, in the past, entered into certain transactions with related parties and may continue to do so in the future. Any related party transactions that are not on an arm's length basis may adversely affect our business, results of operation and financial condition._** 

We have, in the past, entered into certain transactions with related parties, including our Promoters and Promoter Group and may continue to do so in the future. For further details, see “ _- Prominent Notes_ ” and “ _Financial Information - Restated Standalone Financial Statements”_ and _“Financial Information - Restated Consolidated Financial Statements_ ” on pages 55, 261 and 346, respectively. While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arms-length basis, there can be no assurance that we would not have achieved more favourable commercial terms had such transactions not been entered into with related parties. Further, we may enter into related party transactions in the future, and such transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. There can be no assurance that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

**63.** **_Our Promoters have provided guarantees for loans availed by us. In addition, our Promoters have pledged certain of their shareholding in our Company in favour of lenders._** 

45 

Our Promoters have given guarantees in relation to certain borrowings availed by our Company. In the event of default on such borrowings, these guarantees may be invoked by our lenders thereby adversely affecting our Promoters’ ability to manage the affairs of our Company and this, in turn, could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Further, if any of these guarantees are revoked by our Promoters, our lenders may require alternate securities or guarantees and may seek early repayment or terminate such facilities. Any such event could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. For further details in relation to the personal guarantees provided by our Promoters, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters – Guarantees provided by the Promoter Selling Shareholders_ ” on page 222. 

In addition, our Promoters have pledged 2,200,000 Equity Shares of our Company in favour of a lender in connection with loans availed by them.  For further details in relation to the Equity Shares pledged by our Promoters, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 111. 

# **64.** **_Conflicts of interest may arise out of common business objects between our Company, Group Companies and certain entities forming part of our Promoter Group._** 

Conflicts may arise in the ordinary course of decision making by our Promoters or Board. Our Promoters have interests in other companies that may undertake or engage in similar business as our Company. Our Group Companies, corporate Promoters and some of the entities forming part of our Promoter Group are authorized to carry out, or engage in business similar to that of our Company. Conflicts of interests may arise in the Promoters’ allocating or addressing business opportunities and strategies among our Company, our corporate Promoters and the entities forming part of our Promoter Group in circumstances where our respective interests diverge. In cases of conflict, there can be no assurance that our Promoters will not favour their own interests over those of our Company. Our Promoters have not signed any non-compete agreement with our Company as of date. Further, due to the conflict of interest between us, or to the extent that competing business operations are offered by any of our Promoter or Promoter Group or Group Companies erode our market share, we may not be able to effectively manage any such conflict or competitive pressures and, consequently, our business, results of operation and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

# **65.** **_Certain corporate records and regulatory filings of our Company are not traceable._** 

Certain corporate records and regulatory filings, including those in relation to issue and allotment of Equity Shares by our Company during the years 1996 and 1997, and registration of resolutions and agreements are not traceable. While we believe that these filings were duly made, we have not been able to trace copies of the same. Whilst we have made efforts to trace the copies of these filings, including by way of appointment of a practicing company secretary to undertake a search at the office of the RoC, we have not been able to trace copies of the same. We have placed reliance on other documents, including our annual returns, audited financial statements and minutes of the meetings of our Board of Directors and Shareholders for corroborating the share capital history of our Company for such period. We cannot assure you that these corporate records and regulatory filings will be available in the future or that we will not be subject to any penalties imposed by the relevant regulatory authority in this respect. 

# **66.** **_Upon completion of the Offer, our Promoters and Promoter Group will continue to retain control over us, which will allow them to influence the outcome of matters submitted to the shareholders for approval._** 

After the completion of the Offer, our Promoters and Promoter Group will continue to hold a majority of our Equity Shares. Consequently, our Promoters and Promoter Group may exercise substantial control over us and may have the power to elect and remove a majority of our Directors and/or determine the outcome of proposals for corporate action requiring approval of our Board or shareholders, such as lending and investment policies, revenue budgets, capital expenditure, dividend policy and strategic acquisitions. Our Promoters and Promoter Group may be able to influence our major policy decisions, including our overall strategic and investment decisions, by controlling the election of our Directors and, in turn, indirectly controlling the selection of our senior management, determining the timing and amount of any dividend payments (if any), approving our annual budgets, deciding on increases or decreases in our share capital, determining our issuance of new securities, approving mergers, acquisitions and disposals of our assets or businesses, and amending our Articles of Association. This control could also delay, defer or prevent a change in control of our Company, impede a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving our Company, or discourage a potential acquirer from obtaining control of our Company. The interests of our Promoters and Promoter Group may conflict with the interests of our other shareholders, including the holders of our Equity Shares to be offered, and our Promoters 

46 

and Promoter Group could make decisions that materially adversely affect investment in our Equity Shares to be offered. We cannot assure that our Promoters and Promoter Group will act to resolve any conflicts of interest in our Company’s favour. For further details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” and “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group_ ” on pages 104 and 248, respectively. 

# **67.** **_A downgrade in our credit rating could adversely affect our ability to raise capital in the future._** 

Our financing agreements require us to obtain a credit rating from an independent agency. Our credit ratings, which are intended to measure our ability to meet our debt obligations, are a significant factor in determining our finance costs. The interest rates of certain of our borrowings may be significantly dependent on our credit ratings. A downgrade of our credit ratings could lead to greater risk with respect to refinancing our debt and would likely increase our cost of borrowing and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

**68.** **_Our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale by the Selling Shareholders. However, two of our Promoters, who are Selling Shareholders, will receive proceeds from the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer consists of the Fresh Issue by our Company and an Offer for Sale by the Selling Shareholders. The entire proceeds of the Offer for Sale will be respectively transferred to the Selling Shareholders and will not result in any creation of value for us or in respect of your investment in our Company. The entire proceeds from the Offer for Sale will be paid to the Selling Shareholders, which include two of our Promoters – LBPL and Vinod Kumar Agarwal, and our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. For further details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 119. 

**69.** **_Certain premises used by our Company are not registered in our name and are located on leased premises. There can be no assurance that these lease agreements will be renewed upon termination or that we will be able to obtain other premises on lease on same or similar commercial terms._** 

Certain premises used by our Company are located on leased premises, and we do not own any of these premises. Further, our Company has also obtained lease of certain other properties from various other parties which also includes the Promoter Group members. In the event such leases are not renewed or are terminated, it could adversely affect our operation unless we arrange for similar premises. If we are unable to continue or renew such leases on same or similar terms, or find alternate premises on lease on similar terms or at all, it may affect our business operations. For information relating to properties that we have leased from the Promoters, see “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group - Interest of Promoters_ ” on page 250. 

# **70.** **_Any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds as disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus shall be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior approval from Shareholders._** 

We propose to utilize the Net Proceeds for the repayment/pre-payment of certain loans availed by our Company, investments in our Subsidiaries, investment in capital equipment and general corporate purposes. For further details of the proposed objects of the Offer, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 119. At this stage, we cannot determine with any certainty if we would be able to completely utilise the Net Proceeds towards the objects aforementioned. In accordance with Section 27 of the Companies Act, 2013, we cannot undertake any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds as disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus without obtaining the Shareholders’ approval through a special resolution. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to undertake variation in the disclosed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain the Shareholders’ approval in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such Shareholders’ approval may adversely affect our business or operations. 

Further, our Promoters or controlling shareholders would be required to provide an exit opportunity to the Shareholders who do not agree with our proposal to modify the objects of the Offer, at a price and in the manner set out under the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Additionally, the requirement on Promoters or controlling shareholders to provide an exit opportunity to such dissenting shareholders may deter the Promoters or controlling shareholders from agreeing to the variation of the proposed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. Further, we cannot assure you that the Promoters or the controlling shareholders of our Company will have adequate resources at their disposal at all times to enable them to provide an exit opportunity at the price prescribed by SEBI under Chapter VI-A of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 

47 

In light of these factors, we may not be able to undertake variation of objects of the Offer to use unutilised proceeds of the Offer, if any, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. This may restrict our Company’s ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition by re-deploying the unutilized portion of the Net Proceeds, if any, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. Further, pending utilisation, we are required to deposit the Net Proceeds only in scheduled commercial banks listed under schedule II of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. 

# **71.** **_If our Company is classified as a passive foreign investment company (“PFIC”) for U.S. Federal income tax purposes, U.S. investors may incur adverse tax consequences._** 

Under U.S. Federal income tax laws, U.S. investors are subject to special tax rules if they invest in passive foreign investment companies, or PFICs. While our Company does not believe that it is, or will become in the foreseeable future, a PFIC since the applicable PFIC rules are complex and, to a certain extent, unclear, there is a risk that our Company is or may become a PFIC in the future. If it is or does qualify as being a PFIC, U.S. investors generally will not be subject to the regular U.S. federal income tax rules applicable to dividends and capital gains, but will be subject to complex PFIC rules that could result in additional taxation upon certain distributions by our Company and/ or disposition of Equity Shares. 

# **72.** **_Corrupt practices or improper conduct may delay the development of a project and materially and adversely affect our results of operations._** 

The construction industry is not immune to the risks of corrupt practices. Large construction projects in all parts of the world provide opportunities for corruption. Such corruption may include bribery, deliberate poor workmanship or the deliberate supply of low quality materials. If we, or any other person involved in any of the projects is the victim of or involved in any such corruption, our ability to complete the relevant projects as planned may be disrupted thereby materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**73.** **_We have experienced negative cash flows in the past and may continue to do so in the future, would adversely affect our cash flow requirements, which may adversely affect our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans, thereby affecting our financial condition._** 

We have experienced negative net cash flows in the past and may continue to experience such negative operating cash flows in the future. The following table sets forth certain information relating to our cash flows on a consolidated basis for the periods indicated. 

||**Nine Months Ended**<br>|||**Fiscal**<br>|||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**December 31, 2017**|**2017**|**2016**|**2015**|**2014**|**2013**|
||||**(**₹**million)**||||
|Net<br>cash<br>(used<br>in)<br>/<br>generated from operating<br>activities|(2,038.84)|6,800.85|2,373.38|1,985.42|(581.14)|(1,697.76)|
|Net<br>cash<br>(used<br>in)<br>/<br>generated from investing<br>activities|(1,905.24)|3,508.29|(1,663.41)|(2,821.35)|(2,155.24)|5.07|
|Net<br>cash<br>(used<br>in)<br>/<br>generated from financing<br>activities|(73.73)|(5,853.75)|(398.07)|1,625.66|2,661.05|1,682.13|



Negative cash flows over extended periods, or significant negative cash flows in the short term, could materially impact our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans. As a result, our cash flows, business, future financial performance and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. For further details, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” and “ _Financial Information_ ” on pages 439 and 260, respectively 

**74.** **_Our Company has not declared any dividends in the five financial years preceding the date of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon our future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements and capital expenditures._** 

48 

Our Company has not paid any dividend on its Equity Shares during the last five Fiscals. The amount of future dividend payments, if any, will depend upon a number of factors, including our future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, contractual obligations, applicable Indian legal restrictions and capital expenditures. Our business model involves substantial upfront (or periodic) payments to statutory authorities towards bids awarded to us and some capital expenditure and the recovery of the same (specially for long term contracts) is spread over a number of years. There is no assurance that we would have sufficient profitability and cash flow to pay dividends to the Shareholders. 

Further, our Company’s ability to pay dividend will depend on dividend payout and other distributions from our Subsidiaries. Any restriction on the Subsidiaries’ ability to make dividend pay outs or other distributions may adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, our ability to pay dividends may be impacted by a number of factors, including restrictive covenants under the loan or financing agreements our Company may enter into to finance our fund requirements for our business activities. There can be no assurance that our Board will decide to declare dividends in the foreseeable future or if we will be able to pay dividends in the future. For additional details relating to our dividend policy, see “ _Our Dividend Policy_ ” on page 259. 

# **75.** **_Information relating to the installed capacity of our manufacturing facilities included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is based on various assumptions and estimates and future production may vary._** 

Information relating to the installed capacity of our manufacturing faclities included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is based on various assumptions and estimates of our management, including the period during which the manufacturing facility operate in a year, expected operations, availability of raw materials, downtime resulting from scheduled maintenance activities, unscheduled breakdowns, as well as expected operational efficiencies. Actual production levels may differ significantly from the estimated production capacities of our facility. Undue reliance should therefore not be placed on our production capacity for our existing facility included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **External Risk Factors** 

**76.** **_The demand for our services is largely dependent on the level of investments and government’s spending on civil infrastructure projects in India. Any economic downturn or other factors adversely affecting investments in this sector may result in a decrease in the demand for our services and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our business largely depends upon the continued spending by the relevant Government agencies on civil infrastructure projects such as public transportation infrastructure. Various factors would affect, including the nature, scale, location and timing of the Government’s public investment plans in the civil infrastructure of India. These factors include the government’s policy and priorities regarding different regional economies across India and the general condition and prospects of the overall economy of India. Any significant reduction in the Indian government’s budget relating to infrastructure spending, particularly the transportation infrastructure sector, will lead to a decline in revenue arising from a smaller number of projects, lower contract value for our projects and/or a decline in profit margin due to increased competition for available projects. This could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 

# **77.** **_Inflation in India could have an adverse effect on our profitability and if significant, on our financial condition._** 

The annual rate of inflation was at 2.47% (provisional) for the month of March 2018 (over March 2017) as compared to 2.48% (provisional) for the previous month and 5.11% during the corresponding month of 2017. ( _Source: Index Numbers of Wholesale Price in India, Review for the month of March 2018, published on April 16, 2018 by Government of India, Ministry of Commerce and Industry_ ) Continued high rates of inflation may increase our expenses related to salaries or wages payable to our employees or any other expenses. There can be no assurance that we will be able to pass on any additional expenses to our payers or that our revenue will increase proportionately corresponding to such inflation. Accordingly, high rates of inflation in India could have an adverse effect on our profitability and, if significant, on our financial condition. 

**78.** **_Most of our revenue is derived from business in India and a decline in economic growth or political instability or changes in the Government in India could adversely affect our business._** 

49 

We derive most of our revenue from our operations in India and so the performance and the growth of our business are dependent on the performance of the Indian economy. In the recent past, Indian economy has been affected by global economic uncertainties and liquidity crisis, domestic policy and political environment, volatility in interest rates, currency exchange rates, commodity and electricity prices, adverse conditions affecting agriculture, rising inflation rates and various other factors. Risk management initiatives by banks and lenders in such circumstances could affect the availability of funds in the future or the withdrawal of our existing credit facilities. The Indian economy is undergoing many changes and it is difficult to predict the impact of certain fundamental economic changes on our business. Conditions outside India, such as a slowdown or recession in the economic growth of other major countries, especially the United States, have an impact on the growth of the Indian economy. Additionally, an increase in trade deficit, a downgrading in India’s sovereign debt rating or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively affect interest rates and liquidity, which could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business. Any downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and the trading price of our Equity Shares. Volatility, negativity, or uncertain economic conditions could undermine the business confidence and could have a significant impact on our results of operations. Changing demand patterns from economic volatility and uncertainty could have a significant negative impact on our results of operations. 

Further, our performance and the market price and liquidity of the Equity Shares may be affected by changes in exchange rates and controls, interest rates, government policies, taxation, social and ethnic instability and other political and economic developments affecting India. The GoI has traditionally exercised and continues to exercise a significant influence over many aspects of the economy. Our business, the market price and liquidity of the Equity Shares may be affected by changes in GoI policy, taxation, social and civil unrest and other political, economic or other developments in or affecting India. 

# **79.** **_Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as Indian GAAP, IFRS and U.S. GAAP, which may be material to investors' assessment of our financial condition._** 

In preparing the Restated Financial Statements, our opening balance sheet was prepared as at April 1, 2012, the date of transition to Ind AS as applicable to the Ind AS Financial Statements. Under Ind AS 101, the first Ind AS financial statements are required to apply recognition and measurement principles that are based on standards and interpretations that are effective at the date of the first set of financial statements prepared in accordance with Ind AS. These accounting and measurement principles are required to be applied retrospectively to the date of transition to Ind AS and for all periods presented within such first set of financial statements prepared under Ind AS. In preparing our opening Ind AS balance sheet, we have adjusted the amounts reported previously in financial statements prepared in accordance with Indian GAAP and other relevant provisions of the Companies Act. In accordance with Ind AS 101 First-time Adoption of Indian Accounting Standard, the we have presented a reconciliation from the presentation of Financial Statements under Accounting Standards notified under the Companies (Accounting Standards) Rules, 2006  to Ind AS of restated shareholders’ equity as at March 31, 2016, March 31, 2015, March 31, 2014 and March 31, 2013 and of the Restated Summary Statement of Profit and Loss for the years ended March 31, 2016, March 31, 2015, March 31, 2014 and March 31, 2013. 

We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP or IFRS. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the Ind AS financial statements, which are restated as per SEBI ICDR Regulations included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited. 

In addition, our Restated Financial Statements may be subject to change if new or amended Ind AS accounting standards are issued in the future or if we revise our elections or selected exemptions in respect of the relevant regulations for the implementation of Ind AS. 

**80.** **_Financial instability, economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries may also cause the price of the Equity Shares to decline._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market countries in Asia. Financial turmoil in Europe and elsewhere in the world in recent years has affected the Indian economy. Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other 

50 

countries, including India. Recently, the currencies of a few Asian countries including India suffered depreciation against the US Dollar owing to amongst other, the announcement by the US government that it may consider reducing its quantitative easing measures. A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy. Financial disruptions may occur again and could harm our business, future financial performance and the prices of the Equity Shares. 

The global credit and equity markets have experienced substantial dislocations, liquidity disruptions and market corrections in recent years. Since September 2008, liquidity and credit concerns and volatility in the global credit and financial markets increased significantly with the bankruptcy or acquisition of, and government assistance extended to, several major US and European financial institutions. These and other related events, such as the European sovereign debt crisis, have had a significant impact on the global credit and financial markets as a whole, including reduced liquidity, greater volatility, widening of credit spreads and a lack of price transparency in global credit and financial markets. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, have implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall impact of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. In the event that the current difficult conditions in the global credit markets continue or if there is any significant financial disruption, such conditions could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **81.** **_Any adverse revision to India’s debt rating by a domestic or international rating agency could adversely affect our business._** 

India’s sovereign debt rating could be adversely affected due to various factors, including changes in tax or fiscal policy or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves, which are outside our control. Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by domestic or international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing, and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing is available. This could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance, ability to obtain financing for capital expenditures and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **82.** **_Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Equity Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the trading price of our Equity Shares and returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

# **83.** **_The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, pandemic disease and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war in India or globally may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

51 

**84.** **_The Indian tax regime is currently undergoing substantial changes which could adversely affect our business._** 

The goods and service tax (“GST”) that has been implemented with effect from July 1, 2017 combines taxes and levies by the GoI and state governments into a unified rate structure, and replaces indirect taxes on goods and services such as central excise duty, service tax, customs duty, central sales tax, state VAT, cess and surcharge and excise that were being collected by the GoI and state governments. 

As regards the General Anti-Avoidance Rules (“GAAR”), the provisions of Chapter X-A (sections 95 to 102) of the Income Tax Act, 1961, are applicable from assessment year 2019 (Fiscal 2018) onwards. The GAAR provisions intend to declare an arrangement as an “impermissible avoidance arrangement”, if the main purpose or one of the main purposes of such arrangement is to obtain a tax benefit, and satisfies at least one of the following tests (i) creates rights, or obligations, which are not ordinarily created between persons dealing at arm’s length; (ii) results, directly or indirectly, in misuse, or abuse, of the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961; (iii) lacks commercial substance or is deemed to lack commercial substance, in whole or in part; or (iv) is entered into, or carried out, by means, or in a manner, that is not ordinarily engaged for bona fide purposes. If GAAR provisions are invoked, the tax authorities will have wider powers, including denial of tax benefit or a benefit under a tax treaty. In the absence of any precedents on the subject, the application of these provisions is uncertain. As the taxation regime in India is undergoing a significant overhaul, its consequent effects on economy cannot be determined at present and there can be no assurance that such effects would not adversely affect our business, future financial performance and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

Further, the GoI has issued a set of Income Computation and Disclosure Standards (“ICDS”) that will be applied in computing taxable income and payment of income taxes thereon, effective from April 1, 2016. ICDS apply to all taxpayers following an accrual system of accounting for the purpose of computation of income under the heads of “Profits and gains of business/profession” and “Income from other sources”. This is the first time such specific standards have been issued for income taxes in India, and the impact of the ICDS on our tax incidence is uncertain. 

# **85.** **_Investors in Equity Shares may be unable to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us._** 

Our Company is a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of India. All of our Directors and our Key Management Personnel are residents of India. All of our Company's assets and the assets of our Directors are located in India. Decrees in India whether domestic or foreign have to be enforced under the provisions of the CPC and recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments has been laid down under Section 13 of the CPC. Additionally, upon the production of a certified copy of the foreign judgment, an Indian court presumes that the judgment was pronounced by a competent court of jurisdiction unless contrary proved. India is not a party to any international treaty with respect to enforcement of foreign judgments. Under Section 44A, judgments from courts in reciprocating countries can be enforced directly in India. The CPC only permits the enforcement of monetary decrees, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties and does not include arbitration awards. Thus, in the event of a judgment being passed from a non- reciprocating country against our Company for civil liability, it would not be enforceable in India and it would be required to institute new proceedings in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. Based on the final judgment obtained from a non-reciprocating country, a fresh suit can be initiated within three years of obtaining such final judgment. The United States for instance has not been declared as a reciprocating territory for the purposes of the CPC and thus a judgement of a court outside India may be enforced in India only by a suit and not by proceedings in execution. 

India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with only a limited number of jurisdictions, which include the United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong. For a judgement from a jurisdiction with reciprocity to be enforceable, it must meet the requirements as laid down in the CPC. If the Indian court believes that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy in India, it is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis, or to the same extent, as was awarded in a final judgement rendered by a court in another jurisdiction. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgement in India is required to obtain prior approval of the RBI, to repatriate any amount recovered pursuant to the execution of the judgement. 

**86.** **_Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of corporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and, financial condition._** 

52 

Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by changes in law or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations in India applicable to us and our business. There can be no assurance that the central or the state government _s_ may not implement new regulations and policies which will require us to obtain approvals and licenses from the governments and other regulatory bodies or impose onerous requirements and conditions on our operations. 

Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

# **87.** **_The requirements of being a listed company may strain our resources._** 

As we are not a listed company, we have not been subject to the increased scrutiny by shareholders, regulators and the public as is associated with a listed company. Pursuant to listing, our Company will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations and the listing agreements to be executed with the stock exchanges, which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. In the event of experiencing any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. In order to ensure the improvement in procedures for internal control over financial reporting and effective disclosure control, attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from other business concerns which would impact our business and operations. Additionally, we cannot ensure that we will be able to fulfil the requirements of a listed company in a timely manner. 

# **88.** **_Our Company's Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and the Offer may not result in an active or liquid market for our Equity Shares. Further, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to sell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Company’s Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that an active trading market for the Equity Shares will develop or be sustained after the Offer. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined by our Company and the Investor Selling Shareholders in consultation with the BRLMs through a book-building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India and volatility in the stock exchanges and securities markets elsewhere in the world. 

# **89.** **_QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and other regulations and guidelines prescribed by SEBI, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares Bid for or the price) at any stage after submitting a Bid and are required to pay the Bid Amount at the time of submission of the Bid. 

Events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition, may arise between the date of submission of the Bid by QIBs and Non - Institutional Investors and Allotment of the Equity Shares. Our Company may choose to complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares pursuant to the Offer despite the occurrence of one or more such events, and QIBs and Non - Institutional Investors would not be able to withdraw or lower their Bids in such or any other situation, once they have submitted their Bid. 

# **90.** **_Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under the current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. STT will be levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which the equity shares are sold. As such, any gain realised on the sale of equity shares held for more 

53 

than 12 months by an Indian resident, which are sold other than on a recognised stock exchange and as a result of which no STT has been paid, will be subject to capital gains tax in India. Further, any gain realised on the sale of shares on a stock exchange held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax. Further, any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less which are sold other than on a recognised stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, will be subject to short term capital gains tax at a relatively higher rate as compared to the transaction where STT has been paid in India. The Finance Act, 2017 amendments provided that where the equity shares have been acquired on or after October 1, 2004 on which STT has not been paid at the time of acquisition, then the beneficial capital gains provisions under the Income Tax Act would not be available. Further the GoI has notified certain modes of acquisition to which the such requirement of having paid ST at the time of acquisition is not applicable to continue to be entitled to beneficial capital gains provisions under the Income Tax Act. Prior to April 1, 2018, all long term capital gains on sale of listed security on stock exchange, subject to payment of STT, are exempt from tax. However, the Ministry of Finance by Finance Act, 2018 has provided that any gain in excess of INR 100,000, realised on the sale of listed equity shares on a stock exchange held for more than 12 months, will be subject to long term capital gains tax of 10%, without allowing any benefit of indexation. However, all gains up to January 31, 2018 will be grandfathered by adjustment to the cost of acquisition. Capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where an exemption is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is a resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdictions on gains arising from a sale of equity shares. However, a credit may be obtained in the country of residence against tax paid in India, where the two countries have a tax treaty. 

# **91.** **_Future issuances of Equity Shares may dilute your shareholding or sales of the Equity Shares by any existing Shareholders could significantly affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

The future issuances of the Equity Shares by us including a primary offering, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. Further, any future issuances of the Equity Shares or the disposal of the Equity Shares by any of the major Shareholders, or the perception that such issuance or sales may occur, may significantly affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that the Shareholders will not dispose of, pledge or otherwise encumber their Equity Shares. 

# **92.** **_Rights of shareholders under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

The articles of association, resolutions of the board of directors, and Indian law govern the corporate affairs of companies operating in India. Legal principles relating to these matters and the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company incorporated in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as our Company’s shareholders than as shareholders of corporations in another jurisdiction. 

# **93.** **_You may be restricted in your ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and may be adversely affected by future dilution of your ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company incorporated in India must offer its shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the shares who have voted on the resolution, or unless the company has obtained approval from the Government of India to issue without such special resolution, subject to votes being cast in favour of the proposal exceeding the votes cast against such proposal. However, if the law of the jurisdiction you are in does not permit you to exercise your pre-emptive rights without our Company filing an offering document or a registration statement with the applicable authority in the jurisdiction you are in, you will be unable to exercise your pre-emptive rights unless our Company makes such a filing. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares, your proportional interest in our Company would be reduced. 

**94.** **_The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

54 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholders in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 132 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that the investor will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

# **95.** **_Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the valuation and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and does not fall under any of the exceptions specified by the RBI, then the RBI’s prior approval is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. 

# **96.** **_Recent U.S. tax legislation could result in materially adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. Holders of the equity shares._** 

Recently enacted U.S. tax legislation will significantly change the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, including taxation of U.S. corporations, by, among other things, limiting interest deductions, reducing the U.S. corporate income tax rate, altering the expensing of capital expenditures, adopting elements of a territorial tax system, assessing a repatriation tax or “toll-charge” on undistributed earnings and profits of U.S.-owned foreign corporations, and introducing certain anti-base erosion provisions. The legislation is unclear in certain respects and will require interpretations and implementing regulations by the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”), as well as state tax authorities, and the legislation could be subject to potential amendments and technical corrections, any of which could lessen or increase certain adverse impacts of the legislation. In addition, the regulatory treatment of the impacts of this legislation will be subject to the discretion of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (“FERC”) and state public utility commissions. 

**97.** **_Compliance with provisions of Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act may affect payments on the Equity Shares_** 

The U.S. “Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act” (or “FATCA”) imposes a new reporting regime and, potentially, a 30.00% withholding tax on certain “foreign passthru payments” made by certain non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries). 

If payments on the Equity Shares are made by such non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries), this withholding may be imposed on such payments if made to any non-U.S. financial institution (including an intermediary) that is not otherwise exempt from FATCA or other holders who do not provide sufficient identifying information to the payer, to the extent such payments are considered “foreign passthru payments”. Under current guidance, the term “foreign passthru payment” is not defined and it is therefore not clear whether and to what extent payments on the Equity Shares would be considered foreign passthru payments. Withholding on foreign passthru payments would not be required with respect to payments made before January 1, 2019. The United States has entered into intergovernmental agreements with many jurisdictions (including India) that modify the FATCA withholding regime described above. It is not yet clear how the intergovernmental agreements between the United States and these jurisdictions will address “foreign passthru payments” and whether such agreements will require us or other financial institutions to withhold or report on payments on the Equity Shares to the extent they are treated as foreign passthru payments. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the consequences of FATCA, or any intergovernmental agreement or non-U.S. legislation implementing FATCA, to their investment in Equity Shares. 

# **Prominent Notes:** 

1. Our Company was incorporated as ‘G. R. Agarwal Builders and Developers Limited’ on December 22, 1995 under the Companies Act, 1956 as a public limited company. The certificate of commencement of business was issued by the RoC Rajasthan on January 3, 1996 and our Company subsequently acquired 

55 

the business of M/s Gumani Ram Agarwal, a partnership firm, in the same year. The name of our Company was changed to ‘G R Infraprojects Limited’ vide a resolution passed by our Shareholders on August 24, 2007, as our management believed that the activities being undertaken by our Company were reflected in broader terms from the new name. A fresh certificate of incorporation pursuant to change of name was issued by the RoC Rajasthan on August 31, 2007. For details of change in the registered office of our Company, see “ _History and Corporate Structure_ ” on page 216. 

2. Initial public offering of up to [●] Equity Shares for cash at the price of ₹ [●] (including a premium of ₹ [●]) aggregating to ₹ [●] million comprising of a Fresh Issue of [●] Equity Shares amounting to ₹ 5,000 million and an Offer of Sale of 11,225,343 Equity Shares by the Selling Shareholders. The Offer also includes an Employee Reservation Portion of up to [●] Equity Shares aggregating up to ₹ [●] million. The Offer and the Net Offer constitute [●]% and [●]% of the post-Offer paid up Equity Share capital of our Company, respectively. 

3. Our net worth as on March 31, 2017 and the nine months ended December 31, 2017, in accordance with our Restated Standalone Financial Statements was ₹ 11,325.82 million and ₹ 14,494.39 million respectively. For details, see “ _Financial Statements_ ” on page 260. 

4. Our net worth as on March 31, 2017 and the nine months ended December 31, 2017, in accordance with our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements was ₹ 11,246.72 million and ₹ 14,541.12 million respectively. For details, see “ _Financial Statements_ ” on page 260. 

5. Our net asset value per Equity Share as on March 31, 2017 and the nine months ended December 31, 2017, in accordance with our Restated Standalone Financial Statements was ₹ 116.81 and ₹ 149.48 respectively. For details, see “ _Financial Statements_ ” on page 260. 

6. Our net asset value per Equity Share as on March 31, 2017 and the nine months ended December 31, 2017, in accordance with our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements was ₹ 115.99 and ₹ 149.97 respectively. For details, see “ _Financial Statements_ ” on page 260. 

7. The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by our Promoters is as set forth hereunder: 

|**S.**<br>**No.**|**Name of the Promoter**|**No. of Equity Shares held**|**Average cost of acquisition (₹)**|
|---|---|---|---|
|**1.**|Vinod Kumar Agarwal|4,941,512|6.48|
|**2.**|Ajendra Agarwal|4,290,448|5.50|
|**3.**|Purshottam Agarwal|4,192,048|5.16|
|**4.**|Lokesh Builders Private Limited|31,915,832|22.12|



8. Except as disclosed under “ _Our Group Companies_ ”, “ _Financial Statements- Restated Standalone Financial Statements” and “Financial Statements- Restated Consolidated Financial Statements_ ” on pages 254, 261 and 346 respectively, none of our Group Companies have business interests or other interests in our Company. 

9. For details of related party transactions entered into by our Company with the Group Companies and other related parties during the Fiscal 2017 and the nine months ended December 31, 2017, the nature of transactions and the cumulative value of transactions, please refer to the sub-sections titled “ _Financial Statements - Restated Standalone Financial Statements” and “Financial Statements - Restated Consolidated Financial Statements_ ” on pages 261 and 346, respectively. A summary of the related party transactions are provided below: 

||**Nine**<br>**months**|**Stan**|**dalone Basis**|||_(₹ million)_|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|<br>**ended**<br>**December**<br>**31, 2017**|**% of Total**<br>**Income**|**March 31,**<br>**2017**|**% of Total**<br>**Income**|**March 31,**<br>**2016**|**% of Total**<br>**Income**|
|Total Expenses|271.86|1.49%|176.37|0.55%|94.77|0.49%|
|Total Income|1,458.26|7.98%|209.86|0.65%|249.62|1.28%|



56 

|Total Loans and<br>Advances/<br>Investment|4,478.98|24.50%|408.05|1.27%|682.92|3.51%|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Total RPT<br>Transactions|6,209.10<br>**Nine**<br>**months**|33.97%<br>**Cons**<br>|794.28<br>**olidated Basis**<br>|2.48%<br>|1,027.31<br>|5.28%<br>|
|**Particulars**|<br>**ended**<br>**December**<br>**31, 2017**|**% of Total**<br>**Income**|**March 31,**<br>**2017**|**% of Total**<br>**Income**|**March 31,**<br>**2016**|**% of Total**<br>**Income**|
|Expenses|177.50|0.92%|179.86|0.54%|97.02|0.48%|
|Loans and<br>Advances/<br>Investments|-|0.00%|-|0.00%|-|0.00%|
|Total RPT<br>Transactions|177.50|0.92%|179.86|0.54%|97.02|0.48%|



10. There have been no financing arrangements whereby our Promoter Group, directors of our corporate Promoters, Directors and their relatives have financed the purchase by any other person of the Equity Shares other than in the normal course of our business during the period of six months immediately preceding the date of filing of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus with SEBI. 

11. Investors may contact any of the Book Running Lead Managers for any complaint pertaining to the Offer. For details of the Book Running Lead Managers, see “ _General Information_ ” on page 95. 

All grievances, in relation to the ASBA process, may be addressed to the Registrar to the Offer, with a copy to the relevant Designated Intermediary with whom the ASBA Form was submitted, quoting the full name of the sole or first Bidder, ASBA Form number, Bidders’ DP ID, Client ID, PAN, number of Equity Shares applied for, date of submission of ASBA Form, address of Bidder, the name and address of the relevant Designated Intermediary, where the ASBA Form was submitted by the Bidder and ASBA Account number in which the amount equivalent to the Bid Amount was blocked. Further, the Bidder shall enclose the Acknowledgment Slip from the Designated Intermediaries in addition to the documents or information mentioned hereinabove. 

57 

