# **SECTION II – RISK FACTORS** 

_Any investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks, uncertainties and challenges described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares or the industry in which we operate. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we deem immaterial may also impair our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. In order to obtain a complete understanding about us, you should read this section in conjunction with sections entitled “Our Business”, “Industry Overview” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” beginning on pages 198, 157 and 355, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. If any or a combination of the following risks, or other risks and uncertainties that are not currently known or are now deemed immaterial, actually materialize, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may suffer, the trading price of our Equity Shares may decline, and all or part of your investment in our Equity Shares may be lost. Unless otherwise stated, we are not in a position to specify or quantify the financial or other risks mentioned here._ 

_Prospective investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forward- looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see section entitled “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 21._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information included herein is based on our Restated Financial Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see section entitled “Financial Information” on page 283. Unless the context otherwise requires, in this section, references to “we”, “us”, or “our” refers to Gala Precision Engineering Limited on a consolidated basis and references to “the Company” or “our Company” refers to Gala Precision Engineering Limited on a standalone basis._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from industry publications, in particular, the report titled “Precision Engineering Industry Report” dated August, 2024 (the “_ **_1Lattice Report_** _”) prepared and issued by Lattice Technologies Private Limited, appointed on October 09, 2023 and exclusively commissioned and paid for by us in connection with the Offer. A copy of the 1Lattice Report will be available on the website of our Company at www.galagroup.com from the date of the Red Herring Prospectus. There are no parts, data or information (which may be relevant for the proposed issue), that has been left out or changed in any manner. Unless otherwise indicated, financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the 1Lattice Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year. For more information, see section entitled “Risk Factors – Industry information included in this Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from an industry report prepared by Lattice Technologies Private Limited exclusively commissioned and paid for by us for such purpose” on page 37. Also see section entitled “Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information and Market Data and Currency of Presentation – Industry and Market Data” on page 17._ 

# **Internal risk factors** 

# **Risks relating to business and operations** 

**_1. The loss of any of our key customers or significant reduction in our productions and sales of, or demand for our products from our significant customers may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We generate a significant portion of our revenue from, and are therefore dependent on, certain key customers for a substantial portion of our business. Set out in the table below is the contribution of our top 3, 5 and 10 customers to our consolidated revenue from operations for the Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022: 

37 

||**Fisca**<br>|**l 2024**<br>|**Fisca**<br>|**l 2023**<br>|**Fiscal**<br>|**2022**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Revenue from**<br>**operations (in**<br>**₹ million)**|**As a % of**<br>**revenue from**<br>**operations**|**Revenue from**<br>**operations (in**<br>**₹ million)**|**As a % of**<br>**revenue from**<br>**operations**|**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations (in**<br>**₹ million)**|**As a % of**<br>**revenue from**<br>**operations**|
|Top<br>3<br>customers|492.81|24.33|355.29|21.89|413.60|29.03|
|Top<br>5<br>customers|657.45|32.46|471.17|29.03|502.24|35.26|
|Top<br>10<br>customers|961.62|47.48|679.46|41.86|647.93|45.48|



It is difficult to forecast the success or sustainability of any strategies undertaken by any of our key customers in response to the current economic or industry environment. Unfavourable industry conditions can also result in an increase in commercial disputes and other risks of supply disruption. A sustained decline in the demand for products produced by our OEM customers could prompt them to cut their production volumes, directly affecting the demand from OEM customers for our products. In addition to decline in demand for existing products, insufficient demand for new products launched by our OEM customers may also prevent growth in demand for our products from such OEM customers. Further, the volume and timing of sales to our customers may vary due to variation in demand for our customers’ products, our customers’ attempts to manage their inventory, design changes, changes in their product mix, manufacturing strategy and growth strategy, and macroeconomic factors affecting the economy in general, and our customers in particular. 

# **_2. Our Business and revenue from operations of our Company is dependent on demand of customer's products. Any loss of, or a significant reduction in purchases by such customers due to the reduction in demand of our customers products could adversely affect our business._** 

In fiscal, 2024, 2023, 2022, revenue from our top five customers represented 32.46%, 29.03% and 35.26% respectively, of our total revenue from operations in such periods. Larger contracts from few customers may represent a larger part of our portfolio, increasing the potential volatility of our results and exposure to individual contract risks. Such concentration of our business on a few projects or clients may have an adverse effect on our results of operations if we do not achieve our expected margins or suffer losses on one or more of these large contracts. 

# **_3. We do not have any Exclusivity Arrangements with the customers and with the suppliers_** 

We do not have firm commitment long-term supply agreements with our customers and instead rely on purchase orders and forecasts to govern the volume and other terms of our sales of products. Many of the purchase orders we receive from our customers specify a price per unit and delivery schedule. Further, we do not typically have exclusivity arrangements with our customers. Consequently, there is no commitment on the part of the customers to continue to place new work orders with us and as a result, our sales from period to period may fluctuate significantly as a result of changes in our customers’ vendor preferences and we may be unable to procure repeat orders from our customers. 

Our growth depends on the growth of our key customers. If our key customers do not successfully enter into and retain market share in high-growth segments, we may be prevented from capitalizing on new growth opportunities. Since we are significantly dependent on certain key customers for a significant portion of our sales, the loss of any one of our key customers, a significant reduction in demand from such customers or the downturn in business by such customers could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may continue to remain dependent upon our key customers for a substantial portion of our revenues. In the event of our failure to retain one or more of our key customers, it will have an adverse effect on our financial performance and result of operations. 

**_4. Our Company is involved in a patent infringement suit, and an adverse outcome in this proceeding may adversely affect our business, financial condition and growth strategy._** 

Our Company is involved in a material civil litigation regarding a patent infringement suit (“ **Suit** ”) which was filed against our Company, Gala Precision Engineering Private Limited (“ **Defendant No. 1** ”) and Gala Fasteners Private Limited (“ **Defendant No. 2** ”) by Nord-Lock AB (“ **Plaintiff No.1** ”) and Nord-Lock (India) Private Limited (“ **Plaintiff No. 2** ”) before the High Court of Delhi on December 14, 2023 under the provisions of the Patent Act, 1970 alleging infringement of Plaintiffs’ patents pertaining to Wedge-Lock technology washers namely, Patent No. 311313 titled “A method and a device for the manufacturing of washers for locking and washer for locking” and Patent No. 302324 titled “A method for coating washers for locking and coated washer for locking”). The Plaintiffs’ allege this infringement as a direct consequence by the Company’s manufacture, sale and advertisement of its washers under the brand name “Gallock Washers”. The High Court of Delhi vide order dated December 18, 2023 appointed local commissioners to visit the 

38 

premises of our Company situated at “Plot No. 295 and Plot No. 302 (I and II), Village Vadali at Post Met, Musarne Road, Bhiwandi- Wada, Highway, Taluka Wada, Maharashtra, Palghar” and called for a hearing on December 22, 2023. The local commissioners visited our plants on December 20, 2023 and submitted their report to the Delhi High Court on January 3, 2024. 

Further, at the hearing dated December 22, 2023, the Delhi High Court fixed February 8, 2024 for arguments. The Plaintiffs’ have sought reliefs of inter alia permanent injunction against our Company and have claimed damages amounting to ₹20.00 million. However, the Plaintiffs’ have reserved their rights to enhance their claim amount at a later stage taking into account the Defendants’ total sales revenue for all the infringing products sold during the entire period of infringement, which will be assessed after the trial takes place.  Meanwhile, our Company filed a reply on January 12, 2024, denying all averments made by the Plaintiff and for removal of Defendant No. 2 from the array of Defendants since Gala Fasteners Private Limited is no longer in existence. On May 27, 2024, a written Statement was filed by our Company to the counter claim. The civil litigation matter is currently pending. 

Further, the revenue from the sale of the product involved in the Suit, during Fiscals 2024, 2023 and 2022 was ₹94.78 million, ₹105.97 million and ₹78.87 million constituting to 4.68%, 6.40% and 5.43%, respectively of our total revenue. 

Involvement in this proceeding could divert our management’s time and attention, and consume financial resources. Further, an adverse judgment in this proceeding could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. See “Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments” on page 390. We cannot assure you that this proceeding will be settled in our favour or that no additional liability will arise out of this proceedings 

**_5. Our revenue is dependent on the springs technology segment of our business. Any downturn in the spring technology segment can adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition of our Company._** 

A large portion of our revenue during Fiscals 2024, 2023 and 2022 was derived from our spring technology segment. Our revenue from spring technology during Fiscals 2024, 2023 and 2022 are set out below: 

||**Fiscal 20**|**24**|**Fiscal 20**|**23**|**Fiscal 2**|**022**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Revenue from**||**Revenue from**||**Revenue from**||
|**Particulars**|**spring**<br>**technology (in ₹**<br>**million)**|**As a % of**<br>**revenue**|**spring**<br>**technology (in ₹**<br>**million)**|**As a % of**<br>**revenue**|**spring**<br>**technology (in ₹**<br>**million)**|**As a % of**<br>**revenue**|
|Spring<br>Technology|1622.66|80.11|1,388.51|83.92|1,133.25|78.01|



Any downturn or lack of demand for our spring technology products could have an adverse impact on our revenue, our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

**_6. We do not have long term contracts or exclusive arrangements with any of our suppliers, and a significant increase in the cost of, or a shortfall in the availability, or deterioration in the quality, of such input materials could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

We do not currently have long term contracts or exclusive supply arrangements with any of our suppliers and we purchase the raw materials on spot basis based on the requirements. The key raw materials involved in our manufacturing process include steel. These key input materials are purchased from the domestic and international markets. During the Fiscals 2024, 2023 and 2022, our cost of material consumed and changes in inventories was ₹ 827.47 million, ₹ 667.89 million and ₹ 591.93 million, constituting 46.81%, 44.71% and 43.29% respectively, of our total expenses. Set out below is the split of our cost of material consumed (including changes in inventory of finished goods), from domestic and overseas suppliers during Fiscals 2024, 2023, and 2022: 

|||**Fiscal**|**2024**|**Fiscal**|**2023**|**Fiscal**|**2022**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Suppliers**|**Cost**<br>**materials**<br>**consumed**<br>**₹ million)**|**of**<br>**(in**<br>|**As a % of**<br>**total expenses**|**Cost**<br>**of**<br>**materials**<br>**consumed (in**<br>**₹ million)**|**As a % of**<br>**total expenses**|**Cost**<br>**of**<br>**materials**<br>**consumed (in**<br>**₹ million)**|**As a % of**<br>**total expenses**|
|Domestic|660.48||79.82%|496.15|74.29%|390.75|66.01%|
|Overseas|167.00||20.18%|171.74|25.71%|201.19|33.99%|



39 

|||**Fiscal**|**2024**|**Fisca**|**l 2023**|**Fiscal**|**2022**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Cost**|**of**|**As a % of**|**Cost**<br>**of**|**As a % of**|**Cost**<br>**of**|**As a % of**|
|**Suppliers**|**materials**<br>**consumed**|**(in**|**total expenses**|**materials**<br>**consumed (in**|**total expenses**|**materials**<br>**consumed (in**|**total expenses**|
||**₹ million)**|||**₹ million)**||**₹ million)**||
|Total|827.47||100%|667.89|100%|591.93|100%|



The price and availability of such input materials is subject to, supply side disruptions and is dependent on several factors beyond our control, including overall economic conditions, taxes and duties, the prevailing Indian regulatory environment, foreign exchange rate, production levels and competition. 

Further, we procure our raw material from around 79 suppliers but we have significant supplier contribution with top 10 of our suppliers constituting to more than 50% of our total purchases for the financial year ended 2024. 

Although we have not received any customer complaints in the past, we cannot assure that the same trend will continue in the future. These suppliers have accorded their trust and service based on our long operating history in the industry, our credit worthiness and our goodwill. However, in the absence of written agreements, our suppliers are not bound to supply raw materials to us. 

The failure of our suppliers to deliver raw material in the necessary quantities or as per the required schedule, of a specified quality/standard/specification, may adversely affect our production processes thereby giving rise to contractual penalties or liabilities, loss of customers and/or an adverse effect on our reputation, which may in turn result in an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, a material shortage in supply of raw material could result in the failure to meet our sales obligations, which may in turn result in a loss of revenue and cash flows. We do not rely on a single source or supplier for raw materials, instead, have alternative sources. Although we have not encountered any significant disruptions in the sourcing and/or supply of our raw materials, we cannot assure you that such disruptions will not occur and/or we shall continue to be able to source raw materials in a cost effective manner. 

Further, our customers generally have the right to inspect and audit our facilities, processes and products after reasonable notice to ensure that our services are meeting their internal standards. Most of our customers routinely inspect and audit our facilities. Further, we also monitor the customer satisfaction ratings of our products and customer complaints on a regular basis. In the past we have received certain customer complaints in relation to our products, however, such complaints had no material impact on our business and financial condition. If we fail to perform our services in accordance with best practices stipulated by our customers and/or our customers are dissatisfied with the quality of our facilities in any manner, our reputation could be harmed and our customers may terminate/modify their contractual arrangements and/ or refuse to renew their contractual arrangements or purchase orders. 

**_7. Our business is dependent on the performance of the application industries with a large portion of revenue being derived from a select few of application industries. Any downturn in the application industries can adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition of our Company._** 

Our business is reliant on various application industries such as industrials, renewable energy and mobility segments. Out of the application industries that we cater to, a large portion of our revenue during Fiscals 2024, 2023 and 2022 was derived from renewable energy, mobility segments and industrials. Our revenue from these application industries during Fiscals 2024, 2023 and 2022 are set out below: 

|**Particulars**|**Fiscal**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from sale of**<br>**products (in ₹**<br>**million)**|**2024**<br>**As a % of**<br>**revenue from**<br>**sale of**<br>**products**|**Fiscal**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from sale of**<br>**products (in ₹**<br>**million)**|**2023**<br>**As a % of**<br>**revenue from**<br>**sale of**<br>**products**|**Fisca**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from sale of**<br>**products (in ₹**<br>**million)**|**l 2022**<br>**As a % of**<br>**revenue from**<br>**sale of**<br>**products**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Industrials<sup>_*_</sup>|813.19|40.49|826.95|50.32|789.25|54.63|
|Renewable<br>energy<sup>**</sup>|622.23|30.98|425.58|25.89|379.17|26.24|
|Mobility<br>segments<sup>***</sup>|573.03|28.53|390.99|23.79|276.39|19.13|
|**Total**|**2008.45**|**100.00**|**1,643.52**|**100.00**|**1,444.81**|**100.00**|



_*Customers for application under the industrial segment include Bufab India Fasteners Pvt Ltd, L & T Electrical Automation, LPS Bossard, Wuerth Industrials Services Pvt Ltd_ 

_** Customers for application under the renewable energy segment include Enercon and Vestas wind Technology India Pvt Ltd_ 

40 

_*** Customers for application under the mobility segments include Brembo Brake India Pvt Ltd, Endurance Technologies Ltd, Exedy Clutch India Pvt Ltd, MSL Drive line Systems Ltd. (formerly Mahindra Sona Limited), Hitachi Astemo, Schaeffler and Webtec._ 

Any downturn or lack of demand for our products in any or all of the application industries or macro-economic conditions impacting the application industries, more importantly in renewable energy, mobility and industrials, could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. We also cannot assure you that a lack of demand for our products in renewable energy, mobility and industrials could potentially be off-set by sales to other application industries. 

**_8. Our Company is involved in certain legal proceedings, and an adverse outcome in any such proceedings may adversely affect our business, financial condition and growth strategy._** 

Our Company and one of our Director is involved in certain legal proceedings, in the ordinary course of business, which are pending at varying levels of adjudication at different fora, from time to time. All pending litigation involving our Company, Directors, Promoters and Subsidiaries, other than criminal proceedings, statutory or regulatory actions and taxation matters, are considered “material” if the monetary amount of claim by or against the entity or person, in any such pending litigation exceeds 5% of the consolidated profit after tax of our Company, as per the Restated Financial Information, for the latest fiscal i.e. Fiscal 2024, amounting to ₹ 11.17 million, or any such litigation, an adverse outcome of which would materially and adversely affect our Company’s business, prospects, operations, financial condition or reputation, irrespective of the amount involved in such litigation. 

<mark>Our Company is involved in a material civil litigation regarding a patent infringement suit (“</mark> **<mark>Suit</mark>** <mark>”) which was filed against our Company, Gala Precision Engineering Private Limited (“</mark> **<mark>Defendant No. 1</mark>** <mark>”) and Gala Fasteners Private Limited (“</mark> **<mark>Defendant No. 2</mark>** <mark>”) by Nord-Lock AB (“</mark> **<mark>Plaintiff No.1</mark>** <mark>”) and Nord-Lock (India) Private Limited (“</mark> **<mark>Plaintiff No. 2</mark>** <mark>”) before the High Court of Delhi on December 14, 2023 under the provisions of the Patent Act, 1970 alleging infringement of Plaintiffs’ patents pertaining to Wedge-Lock technology washers namely, Patent No. 311313 titled “A method and a device for the manufacturing of washers for locking and washer for locking” and Patent No. 302324 titled “A method for coating washers for locking and coated washer for locking”). The Plaintiffs’ allege this infringement as a direct consequence by the Company’s manufacture, sale and advertisement of its washers under the brand name “Gallock Washers”. The High Court of Delhi vide order dated December 18, 2023 appointed local commissioners to visit the premises of our Company situated at “Plot No. 295 and Plot No. 302 (I and II), Village Vadali at Post Met, Musarne Road, Bhiwandi- Wada, Highway, Taluka Wada, Maharashtra, Palghar” and called for a hearing on December 22, 2023. The local commissioners visited our plants on December 20, 2023 and submitted their report to the Delhi High Court on January 3, 2024. At the hearing dated December 22, 2023, the Delhi High Court fixed February 8, 2024 for arguments. The Plaintiffs’ have sought reliefs of</mark> _<mark>inter alia</mark>_ <mark>permanent injunction against our Company and have claimed damages amounting to ₹20.00 million. However, the Plaintiffs’ have reserved their rights to enhance their claim amount at a later stage taking into account the Defendants’ total sales revenue for all the infringing products sold during the entire period of infringement, which will be assessed after the trial takes place.  Meanwhile, our Company filed a reply on January 12, 2024, denying all averments made by the Plaintiff and for removal of Defendant No. 2 from the array of Defendants since Gala Fasteners Private Limited is no longer in existence. The civil litigation matter is currently pending.</mark> 

The summary of the outstanding litigations involving the aforementioned persons/entities are as follows: 

||||||_(in ₹ m_<br>|_illion, unless oth_<br>|_erwise specified)_<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Name of**<br>**Entit**|**the**<br>**y**|**Criminal**<br>**Proceedings**|**Tax**<br>**Proceedings**|**Statutory or**<br>**Regulatory**<br>**Proceeding**|**Disciplinary**<br>**actions by the**<br>**SEBI or Stock**<br>**Exchanges**<br>**against our**<br>**Promoter**|**Material**<br>**Civil**<br>**Litigations***|**Aggregate**<br>**Amount**<br>**Involved (₹**<br>**in million)****|
|**Compan**|**y**|||||||
|By|our|1|-|-|-|-|-|
|Company||||||||
|Against|our|-|7|-|-|1|48.12*<sup>#</sup>|
|<br>Company||||||||
|**Director**<br>|**s (oth**|**er than promote**|**r)**|||||
|By|our|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|<br>Directors||||||||
|Against<br>Directors|our<br>|-|-|-|-|-|_-_|



41 

|**Name of the**<br>**Entity**|**Criminal**<br>**Proceedings**|**Tax**<br>**Proceedings**|**Statutory or**<br>**Regulatory**<br>**Proceeding**|**Disciplinary**<br>**actions by the**<br>**SEBI or Stock**<br>**Exchanges**<br>**against our**<br>**Promoter**|**Material**<br>**Civil**<br>**Litigations***|**Aggregate**<br>**Amount**<br>**Involved (₹**<br>**in million)****|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Promoter**|||||||
|By<br>our<br>Promoter|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|Against<br>our|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|Promoter|||||||
|**Subsidiaries**|||||||
|By<br>our<br>Subsidiaries|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|Against<br>our|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|Subsidiaries|||||||
|**Group Compa**|**nies**||||||
|By our Group<br>Companies|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|Against<br>our<br>Group<br>Companies|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|**Total**|**1**|**7**||||**48.12**<sup>***#**</sup>|



_* In accordance with the Materiality Policy_ 

_**To the extent quantifiable_ 

_# Our Company is currently engaged in a material civil litigation. The Plaintiffs’ have sought reliefs and have claimed damaged amounting to ₹20.00 million. However, the Plaintiffs’ have reserved their rights to enhance their claim amount at a later stage taking into account the Defendants’ total sales revenue for all the infringing products sold during the entire period of infringement, which will be assessed after the trial takes place. For further details, see “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments” on page 388. @Cannot be quantified_ 

Further, as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there are no outstanding litigation proceedings involving our Group Companies, the outcome of which could have a material impact on our Company. 

Involvement in such proceedings could divert our management’s time and attention, and consume financial resources. Further, an adverse judgment in these proceedings could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. See “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 388. We cannot assure you that any of such proceedings will be settled in our favour or in favour of our Company or Directors, as applicable, or that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. 

**_9. We have entered into transactions with related parties. These or any future related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest and there can be no assurance that we could not have achieved better terms, had such arrangements been entered into with unrelated parties._** 

Our Company has engaged in the past, and may engage in the future, in transactions with related parties, including our Promoters and Key Managerial Personnel. A summary detail of our transactions with related parties are set out below: 

||||_(in ₹ million, except %)_<br>|
|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Fiscal 2024**|**Fiscal 2023**|**Fiscal 2022**|
|Revenue<br>from|2025.45|1654.65|1452.77|
|Operations||||
|Sum of all Related|1.76|1.76|1.91|
|Party<br>Transactions*<br>as a percentage of||||
|Revenue<br>from||||
|Operations (%)||||
|Sum of all Related|35.73|29.09|27.76|
|Party Transactions*||||



* _Revenue based_ 

42 

Such related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. See “ _Financial Information – Restated Financial Information – Annexure VI –Note No.31 (e) – Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 283. These related party transactions entered into by us, were in compliance with the Companies Act. 

While our Company believes that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis and contain commercially reasonable terms and are in compliance with the relevant provisions of Companies Act and any other applicable laws and regulations as amended, there can be no assurance that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. It is likely that our Company may enter into related party transactions in the future. Such related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. We cannot assure you that such transaction, individually or in the aggregate, will always be in the best interests of our Company and/or that it will not have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

**_10. Our Company’s operations are subject to varied business risks and our Company’s insurance cover may prove inadequate to cover the economic losses of our Company._** 

Our Company’s operations are subject to various risks and hazards which may adversely affect revenue generation and profitability of our Company. While our Company believes that it has taken adequate safeguards to protect our Company’s assets from various risks inherent in our Company’s business, including by purchasing and maintaining relevant insurance cover, it is possible that our Company’s insurance cover may not provide adequate coverage in certain circumstances. 

While our Company believes that we maintain sufficient insurance cover by virtue of maintaining insurance policies, certain types of losses may be either uninsurable, not economically viable to insure or not offered for insurance, such as losses due to acts of terrorism or war. If any uninsured loss occur, our Company could lose our investment in, as well as anticipated profits and cash flows from the asset. In addition, even if any such loss is insured, there may be a significant deductible on any claim for recovery prior to our insurer being obligated to reimburse us for the loss, or the amount of the loss may exceed our coverage for the loss. Any loss that is not covered by insurance, or for which our Company is unable to successfully claim insurance, or which is in excess of the insurance cover could, in addition to damaging our Company’s reputation, have an adverse effect on our Company’s business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operation. 

In addition, our Company’s insurance coverage expires from time to time. Our Company will apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of its business, but our Company cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. To the extent that our Company suffer loss or damage for which it did not obtain or maintain insurance, and which is not covered by insurance or exceeds our Company’s insurance coverage or where its insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by our Company and its results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Details of our total insurance coverage vis-à-vis our net fixed assets excluding intangibles as at the period ended March 31, 2024, March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 is set out below: 

|||_(in ₹ million_<br>|_, unless stated otherwise)_<br>|
|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**As at March 31, 2024**|**As at March 31, 2023**|**As at March 31, 2022**|
|Insurance Coverage vis-à-vis our net|1446.20|910.33|852.78|
|fixed assets (A)||||
|Net fixed assets* as per Restated|490.24|443.71|395.88|
|Consolidated Financial Statements (B)||||
|Insurance coverage times the net fixed<br>assets (A/B)|2.95|2.05|2.15|



_* Sum of Property, Plant and Equipment (net block), capital work in progress, right of use assets and investment property (buildings net block)._ 

# **_11. Certain of our immovable properties, including our registered and corporate office, are leased. If we are unable to renew existing leases or relocate our operations on commercially reasonable terms, there may be an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operations._** 

Our registered and corporate office is on leasehold basis from certain third parties. For details of our registered and corporate office and one of our manufacturing facilities, see “ _Business – Property_ ” on page 198. Further, the premises for our registered and corporate office is leased to us for a short-term period of 5 years from Redbrick Lifespaces LLP. Further our new facility at Vallam-Vadagal, SIPCOT, Sriperumbuddur, Tamil Nadu is leased to us for a long-term period of 99 years from State Industries Promotion Corporation of Tamil Nadu Limited and we have a branch office in Germany located at Office no. 14 on 16<sup>th</sup> Floor of the building Lyoner Strabe 14, 60528 Frankfurt, Germany which has been leased to us for an indefinite period from July 16, 2009. While we have, in the past, renewed such short-term and medium-term lease arrangements for our facilities and offices from time to time, if we are unable to renew certain or all of these leases 

43 

on commercially reasonable terms, we may suffer a disruption in our operations or be unable to continue to operate from those locations in the future (and may, to that extent, need to revise our raw material sourcing, product manufacturing and raw material and product inventory schedules and/or incur significant costs to relocate or expand our operations elsewhere in order to continue to honour our commitments to our customers). In addition, the terms of certain of our leases require us to obtain the lessor's prior consent for certain actions (including making significant structural alterations to the factory building, which may be required if we were to undertake a significant expansion in the future, or for undertaking a corporate restructuring or to sublet, transfer, assign, charge or mortgage such properties). In the event that any lease agreement is not renewed, we will be required to expend time and financial resources to locate suitable land or premises to set up new warehouses and offices, which may adversely affect our financial condition. Further, if the vacated property or premises is leased or sold to a competitor, we may also face increased competition in that geographic area which could adversely affect our market share and revenues. 

**_12. We are dependent on third party transportation for the delivery of raw materials and finished products and any disruption in their operations or a decrease in the quality of their services could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

We procure raw materials from domestic and international suppliers, which are brought to our manufacturing facilities through third party logistics providers including shipping companies and overland transport companies. Similarly, our finished products are transported from our manufacturing facilities to OEMs, Tier 1 and channel partners by air, sea and overland transport. The logistics service providers are, therefore, integral to our Company’s business operations. While we have over the years engaged the services of various logistics service providers for our business operations, we do not have, and we do not propose to enter into, contractual arrangements with such third-party logistics providers. While these third-party logistics service providers have generally, in the past, been reliable, we cannot assure you that they will continue to be available to us as required. If such third-party logistics service providers discontinue their services for a reasonable length of time and, if we are unable to obtain the services of other service providers, our business operations could be adversely impacted, at times, significantly. A failure to maintain a continuous supply of raw materials could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Additionally, if we lose one or more of our transportation providers, we may not be able to obtain terms as favourable as those we receive from the third party transportation providers that we currently use, which in turn would increase our costs and thereby adversely affect our operating results. Disruptions of transportation services because of weather-related problems, strikes, inadequacies in the road or rail infrastructure, or other events could impair the ability of the third-party transportation providers to deliver us the raw materials and our finished products to our customers in a timely manner or at all. While there have been no instances of discontinuance of logistics services during the last 3 Fiscals, we cannot assure you that we will not face discontinuance of logistic services in the future which could have a material adverse effect on our overall business, result of operations, cash flows and financial condition of our Company. 

**_13. Our business is manpower intensive. Our business may be adversely affected by work stoppages, increased wage demands by our employees, or increase in minimum wages across various states, and if we are unable to engage new employees at commercially attractive terms._** 

Our ability to provide engineered products and services and to manage the complexity of our business depends, in part, on our ability to retain and attract semi-skilled and skilled and qualified manpower in the areas of management, product engineering, design, manufacture, servicing, sales, information technology, and finance. Competition for such personnel is intense and the cost of retaining or replacing such personnel may affect our profitability. In addition, our strategies for growth have placed, and are expected to continue to place, increased demands on our managements’ and employees’ skills and resources. The table below sets forth details of our employee benefit expenses and as a percentage of our total expenses for the periods indicated: 

|<br>|_(in ₹ million_<br>|_, unless stated otherwise)_<br>|
|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**<br>**As at March 31, 2024**|**As at March 31, 2023**|**As at March 31, 2022**|
|Employee Benefit Expenses<br>247.75|232.30|215.12|
|Total Expenses<br>1767.90|1,493.84|1,367.35|
|Employee Benefit Expenses as a|||
|percentage of Total Expenses(%)<br>14.01|15.55|15.73|



Further, our manufacturing activities are labour intensive, requiring our management to undertake significant labour interface, and expose us to the risk of industrial action. As on June 30, 2024 we have 294 permanent employees and 390 persons employed as contract employees, out of which we had a permanent workforce of 182 manufacturing workers, 19 permanent employees for stores and logistics, 19 permanent employees for quality assurance staff, 14 permanent employees for tool room development and maintenance staffs and 22 permanent employees for human resources and admin staffs. For further details, see “ _Our Business – Human Resources_ ”. As on March 31, 2024 our employee benefit 

44 

expenses was ₹ 247.75 million, constituting 14.01% of our total expenses. Our Company’s average attrition rate of employees during the last 3 Fiscals is set out below: 

|**Particulars**|**Fiscal 2024**|**Fiscal 2023**|**Fiscal 2022**|
|---|---|---|---|
|Employee|7.61%|11.72%|12.21%|
|**Average Attrition for the**<br>**past 3 years**|||10.51%|



As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have 2 labour unions in our manufacturing facilities located at Wada, Palghar, Maharashtra namely, Shramik Sena and Bharatiya Kamgar Sena. We have entered into wage settlement agreements with our unions. Further, while we have not experienced any strikes or labour unrest at any of our manufacturing facilities in the past, we cannot assure you that we will not experience work disruptions in the future due to disputes or other problems with our work force. Any such event, at our current facilities or at any new facilities that we may commission or acquire in the future, may adversely affect our ability to operate our business and serve our customers, and impair our relationships with key customers and suppliers, which may adversely impact our business and financial condition. Any changes in the existing labour laws of the countries in which we operate may increase our labour cost and may also increase time spent by our management in labour related matters, which could impact our business and results of operations. If labour laws become more stringent or are more strictly enforced, it may become difficult for us to maintain flexible human resource policies, discharge employees or downsize, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

# **_14. We intend to utilise the Net Proceeds for funding our capital expenditure requirements and we are yet to place orders for some of our capital expenditure requirements. There is no assurance that we would be able to source such capital expenditure requirements in a timely manner or at commercially acceptable prices._** 

We propose to utilize ₹ 370.00 million of our Net Proceeds for setting up a new manufacturing facility at Vallam-Vadagal, SIPCOT, Sriperumbuddur, Tamil Nadu and ₹ 110.69 million for funding capital expenditure requirements towards purchase of equipment, plant and machinery at Wada, Palghar, Maharashtra. For further information, see “Objects of the Offer” on page 102. We have not entered into any definitive agreements with any of the vendors, and have relied on the quotations received from vendors. Further, such total estimated cost and related fund requirements have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution or any other independent agency. While we have obtained the quotations from various vendors in relation to such capital expenditure, most of these quotations are valid for a certain period of time and may be subject to revisions, and other commercial and technical factors. We cannot assure you that we will be able to undertake such capital expenditure within the cost indicated by such quotations, that there will not be cost escalations and that we would be able to procure such equipment in a timely manner, or that we will complete our expansion works within the estimated timelines, and if not, obtain extensions for the quotations at reasonable cost to us, if at all. There is no assurance that we would be able to source such upgradation in a timely manner or at commercially acceptable prices, which could adversely affect our expansion plans and consequently, our business and results of operations. 

Our new manufacturing facility at Vallam-Vadagal, SIPCOT, Sriperumbuddur, Tamil Nadu remain subject to the potential problems and uncertainties that construction projects face including cost overruns or delays. Problems that could adversely affect our expansion plans include inability to raise significant additional funds on reasonable terms or at all, labour shortages, increased costs of equipment or manpower, inadequate performance of the equipment and machinery installed in our manufacturing facilities, delays in completion, defects in design or construction, failure of third-parties to adhere to our specifications, quality standards and/ or timelines, the possibility of unanticipated future regulatory restrictions, delays in receiving governmental, statutory and other regulatory approvals, incremental pre-operating expenses, taxes and duties, interest and finance charges, working capital margin, environment and ecology costs and other external factors which may not be within the control of our management. Further, there can be no assurance that our budgeted costs may be sufficient to meet our proposed capital expenditure requirements. If our actual capital expenditures significantly exceed our budgets, or even if our budgets were sufficient to cover these projects, we may not be able to achieve the intended economic benefits of these projects, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. 

# **_15. Our Company has a high working capital requirement and if our Company is unable to raise sufficient working capital the operations of our Company will be adversely affected._** 

Our Company’s business operations are subject to high working capital requirements. Currently, our Company meets its working capital requirements through a mix of internal accruals and working capital facilities from scheduled commercial banks. Our Company’s working capital requirements (i.e., sum of trade receivables and inventory, as reduced by trade payables) as on March 31, 2024, March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 was ₹ 909.49 million, ₹ 776.12 million and ₹ 613.81 million, respectively. Our net working capital turnover ratio as on March 31, 2024, March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022 

45 

was 2.23, 2.13 and 2.37. As on March 31, 2024 our Company had sanctioned working capital facilities aggregating to ₹ 450.00 million. 

While we believe that our internal accruals and working capital facilities availed from our lenders will be sufficient to address our working capital requirements, we cannot assure you that we will continue to generate sufficient internal accruals and / or be able to raise adequate working capital from lenders to address our future needs. Our inability to meet our present working capital requirements or our enhanced working capital requirements will have an adverse impact on our results of operation, business and financial condition. For further details pertaining to our present working capital position, see “ _Financial Indebtedness’ and ‘Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation_ ” on pages 385 and 355, respectively. 

In addition, our Promoters have also extended personal and corporate guarantees, as applicable, for some of the debt facilities availed by our Company. For further details see chapter _“Financial Indebtedness”_ on page 385. Any inability to continue to provide such guarantee or their inability to honour such guarantee could result in an acceleration of such facilities and / or adversely impact our ability to raise debt which could impact our cash flows, result in cash flow mismatch and adversely affect our financial condition. 

**_16. Our Promoters have provided personal and corporate guarantees for certain borrowings obtained by our Company and any failure or default by our Company to repay such loans could trigger repayment obligations on our Promoters which may impact their ability to effectively service their obligations and thereby, adversely impact our business and operations._** 

As of June 30, 2024, there are certain borrowing availed by our Company for which our Promoters have given guarantees. The table set out below provides details of personal guarantees provided by our Promoter 

|**Name**<br>**of**<br>**the**<br>**Promoter**|**Name of the Lender**|**Type of Facility**|**Sanctioned**<br>**Guaranteed amount**<br>**million)**|**and**<br>**(in ₹**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Kirit Vishanji Gala|HDFC Bank Limited|Working capital and Term<br>loans|753.72||
|Smeet Kirit Gala|HDFC Bank Limited|Working capital and Term<br>loans|753.72||
|Kirit Vishanji Gala|Yes Bank Limited|Working capital and Term<br>loans|167.90||
|Smeet Kirit Gala|Yes Bank Limited|Working capital and Term<br>loans|167.90||



For further details in relation to our borrowings, see “Financial Indebtedness” on page 385. Any default or failure by our Company to repay loans in a timely manner or at all could trigger repayment obligations on the part of our Promoters in respect of such loans. This, in turn, could have an impact on the Promoters’ ability to effectively service his obligations as the Promoters of our Company, thereby having an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, in the event that our Promoters’ withdraw or terminate the guarantees, our lenders for such facilities may ask for alternate guarantees, repayment of amounts outstanding under such facilities, or even terminate such facilities. We may not be successful in procuring guarantees satisfactory to the lenders, and as a result may need to repay outstanding amounts under such facilities or seek additional sources of capital, which could affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_17. Our manufacturing facilities are dependent on adequate and uninterrupted supplies of electricity, water and fuel; shortage or disruption in electricity or fuel supplies may lead to disruption in operations, higher operating cost and consequent decline in operating margins._** 

Adequate and cost effective supply of electrical power and fuel is critical to our manufacturing facilities. For the last 3 Fiscals 2024, 2023 and 2022, the power and fuel costs was ₹ 59.70 million, ₹ 53.47 million and ₹ 46.03 million for each respective period accounted for 2.95%, 3.23% and 3.17% of our total revenue from operations, respectively. 

There may be power cuts in the supply provided by the respective state electricity boards from time to time and so we have stand-by captive generator sets for our operations to ensure that there is no stoppage in our production. We also have installed roof-top solar panels at both manufacturing facilities under the operating expenses model. Power costs represent 

46 

a significant portion of our operating costs. If the per unit cost of electricity is increased by the state electricity boards our power costs will increase. It may not be possible to pass on any increase in our power costs to our customers, which may adversely affect our profit margins. An interruption in or limited supply of electricity may result in suspension of our manufacturing operations. A prolonged suspension in production could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition to the production losses that we would incur during production shutdowns in the absence of supply of electrical power, we would not be able to immediately return to full production volumes following power interruptions, however brief. Any interruption of power, even if short, could give rise to inefficiencies when we resume production. 

**_18. The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and the Offer Price of the Equity Shares, market capitalization and price to earnings ratio based on the Offer Price of the Equity Shares, may not be indicative of the market price of the Company on listing or thereafter._** 

Our market capitalisation to revenue from operations for Financial Year 2024 is [●] times at upper end of the Price Band and [●] times at lower end of the Price Band. Our price to earnings (P/E) ratio (based on our profit for the Financial Year 2024) multiple is [●] and [●] times at the lower and upper end of the Price Band, respectively. The average P/E of the listed peer group of our Company is [●]. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed  to be determined by our Company in  consultation with the BRLMs, on the basis of assessment  of  market  demand  for  the  Equity  Shares offered  through  a  book-building  process,  and  certain quantitative and qualitative factors including as set out in the section titled “Basis for Offer Price” on page 139.The Offer Price, multiples and ratios may not be indicative of the market price of the Company on listing or thereafter. The relevant financial parameters based on which the Price Band would be determined, shall be disclosed in the advertisement that would be issued for publicationof the Price Band. 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares. Pursuant to the Offer and upon listing of our Equity Shares, it is possible that an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be liquid. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. Any valuation exercise undertaken for the purposes of the Offer by our Company in consultation with the BRLMs, is not based on a benchmark against our industry peers. The relevant financial parameters based on which the Price Band will be determined will be disclosed in the advertisement that will be issued for the publication of the Price Band. 

The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among  other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India or globally, announcements  by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, our competitors launching  new  products,  COVID-19 related  or  similar  situations, announcements  by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us, volatility in the securities markets in India and other jurisdictions _,_ variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. The occurrence of one or more of these factors may cause the market price of our Equity Shares to decline below the Offer Price. 

# **_19. Failure to obtain or renew approvals, licenses, registrations and permits to operate our business in a timely manner, or at all, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

We are required to obtain, renew and maintain certain approvals, registrations, permissions and licenses from regulatory authorities, to carry out / undertake our operations. These approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions may be subject to numerous conditions. If we fail to obtain and maintain some or all of these approvals or licenses, or renewals thereof, in a timely manner or at all, or if we fail to comply with applicable conditions or it is claimed that we have breached any such conditions, our license or permission for carrying on a particular activity may be suspended or cancelled and we may not be able to carry on such activity, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. See “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 394. 

**_20. We export our products to various countries including, Germany, Switzerland, Finland, Italy, Denmark, USA, China, Brazil. Any adverse events affecting these countries including any exchange rate fluctuations, depreciation in the India Rupee and compliance with a wide range of regulatory requirement and foreign laws could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results from operations_** 

We generated ₹ 760.22 million, ₹ 612.08 million and ₹ 543.40 million export sales in Fiscals 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which represented 37.53%, 36.99% and 37.40% of our revenue from operations for the respective periods. During such periods, we exported our products to over 25 countries across four continents. Although we closely follow our exposure to foreign currencies and selectively enter into hedging transactions in an attempt to reduce the risks of currency fluctuations, these activities are not always sufficient to protect us against incurring potential losses if currencies 

47 

fluctuate significantly. In addition, the policies of the RBI may also change from time to time, which may limit our ability to effectively hedge our foreign currency exposures and may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. These export destination countries impose varying duties on our products. There can be no assurance that the duties imposed by such countries will not increase. Any change or increase in such duties may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Additionally, export destination countries may also enter into free trade agreements or regional trade agreements with countries other than India. Such agreements and alteration of existing tax treaties may lead to increased competition or may even place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to manufacturers in other countries and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, changes in import policies or an economic slowdown in countries to which we export our products may have a significant adverse impact on our business, financial condition and result of operations. India is also a party to, and is currently negotiating, free trade agreements with several countries and if we export our products to such countries, any revocation or alteration of those bilateral agreements may also adversely affect our ability to export, and consequently, our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Additionally, we will be required to procure certifications in addition to other quality standards which could be necessary for the products to be accepted by customers and the markets in which we export our products. As such, we may need to obtain and maintain the relevant certifications so that our customers are able to sell their products, which include components that are manufactured by us, in these countries. Our inability to secure such license, or any other licenses, certification, registrations and permits in other jurisdictions in a timely manner or at all, could result in operational delays or suspensions and/or administrative fines and penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on the overall business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_21. We may face difficulties in executing our strategies including our expansion plans._** 

Our growth strategy includes expanding our existing business in our spring and fastener segment and moving up the value chain from niche markets to large addressable markets. We cannot assure you that our growth strategies will be successful in a timely manner or at all or that we will be able to continue to expand further or diversify our product portfolio. 

We have experienced growth in the past three years. Our total income has grown at a CAGR of 17.53 % from ₹ 1479.63 million in Fiscal 2022 to ₹ 2,043.77 million in Fiscal 2024. Our operations have grown over the last few Fiscals. We may not be able to sustain our rates of growth, due to a variety of reasons including a decline in the demand for our products and services in the spring and fastener segment, increased price competition, non-availability of raw materials, lack of management availability or a general slowdown in the economy. A failure to sustain our growth may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our growth strategy will place significant demands on our management as well as our financial, accounting and operating systems. If we are unable to increase our production capacity in line with our customer requirements, we may not be able to successfully execute our growth strategy. Further, as we scale-up and diversify our operations, we may not be able to execute our operations efficiently, which may result in delays, increased costs and lower quality products. We cannot assure you that our future performance or growth strategy will be successful. Any of our current or future horizontal and/or vertical integration related strategies may not be executed as planned on account of factors such as lack of adequate experience, increase in competition from peers, amongst others. 

# **_22. We have incurred significant capital expenditures in the past and there can be no assurance that our past or planned capital expenditures will result in growth and/or additional profitability for our Company._** 

We have already incurred significant capital expenditure in the past few years, including setting up an entire range of facilities such as circular saw machine, press, CNC machines and thread rolling machines, etc, for production of various types of anchor bolt, stud and springs for different applications for our customers, allowing us to offer a diverse product suite, reduce operating costs and drive our productivity. For the Fiscals 2024, 2023 and 2022, our capital expenditure was ₹ 127.15 million, ₹ 152.08 million and ₹ 62.86 million, respectively. The total estimated expenditure for setting up a new facility at Vallam-Vadagal, SIPCOT, Sriperumbuddur, Tamil Nadu for manufacturing high tensile fasteners and hex bolts is ₹483.32 million. For further details see, “Objects of the Offer” on page 116. 

To compete effectively, we must be able to develop and produce new products to meet our customers’ demand in a timely manner, which requires a significant capital expenditure. We may also be required to make substantial investments to adapt to the expansions plans made by our existing OEM customers to ensure continuity in business from such OEM customers, however there is no assurance that such investments will be as profitable as our existing business and investments, or at all. Further, we may incur significant costs in supplying OEM products from such locations to other customers. Further, we may not be able to take on new opportunities from our existing OEM customers if such opportunities do not offer attractive value proposition or commercial viability. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully convert these capital expenditures profitable in the future. Our capital expenditures may also lead to 

48 

unsuccessful projects which may cause loss to our business. Additionally, we incur certain bare minimum capital expenditure for maintenance irrespective of the business or revenue, such as for upgradation and modernization of our manufacturing facilities, infrastructure, machines, equipment and technology to allow us to offer a diverse product suite, reduce operating costs and drive productivity and in the event of any negative impact of the business, such capital expenditure may result in negative cash flows. Our failure to manage our growth effectively may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, expansion and acquisitions may require us to incur or assume new debt, expose us to future funding obligations or integration risks and we cannot assure you that such expansion or acquisition will contribute to our profitability. 

**_23. Our failure to identify and understand evolving industry trends and preferences to develop new products to meet our customers’ demands or our limitation including on account of knowledge of new segments into which we are expanding may adversely affect our business._** 

We expect to continue to dedicate significant financial and other resources to our product development efforts in order to maintain our competitive position. Investing in product development, including developing new products and enhancing existing products, is expensive and time consuming, and there is no assurance that such activities will result in significant new marketable products or enhancements to our products, design improvements, cost savings, revenues or other expected benefits. If we spend significant time and effort on design and development, and are unable to generate an adequate return on our investment, our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

In the past, as part of our growth and expansion plan, we have diversified into new segments. Any inability to do such diversification in the future to expand our business will cause adverse effect on business. Further, changes in consumer preferences, regulatory or industry requirements or in competitive technologies may render certain of our products obsolete or less attractive. Our ability to anticipate changes in technology and regulatory standards and to successfully develop and introduce new and enhanced products on a timely basis is a significant factor in our ability to remain competitive. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to develop or secure the necessary technological knowledge that will allow us to develop our product portfolio in this manner. If we are unable to obtain such knowledge in a timely manner, or at all, we may be unable to effectively implement our strategies, and our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. Moreover, we cannot assure you that we will be able to achieve the technological advancements that may be necessary for us to remain competitive or that certain of our products will not become obsolete. 

**_24. We depend on our senior management, Key Managerial Personnel, persons with technical expertise and other permanent employees for our business and future growth. If we are unable to attract or retain key executives, Key Managerial Personnel or permanent employees, our operations may be adversely affected._** 

Our future performance would depend on the continued service of our senior management, Key Managerial Personnel, persons with technical expertise, and the loss of any senior employee and the inability to find an adequate replacement may impair our relationship with key customers and our level of technical expertise, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In particular, we rely on the experience and business relationships of our Chairman and Managing Director, our Directors, our Key Managerial Personnel, and other business heads, unit heads and functional heads. Should their involvement in our business reduce, or should our relationship with these persons deteriorate for any reason in the future, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. For details of our management and Key Managerial Personnel, see _“Management – Key Managerial Personnel_ ” on page 248. 

Failure to hire or retain key managerial personnel could adversely affect our business and result of operations. The continued operations and growth of our business is also dependent upon our ability to attract and retain personnel who have the necessary and required experience and expertise. We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain these employees or find adequate replacements in a timely manner, or at all. Our Company’s performance depends largely on the efforts and abilities of these employees. The attrition rate for permanent employees was 2.03%, 7.61%, 11.72% and 12.21% for the nine months ended  June 30, 2024 and Fiscals 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We may require a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when skilled personnel terminate their employment with us. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation and benefits more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting skilled personnel, or to address any breaches on parts of our respective contractors and subcontractors, where we have been the principal employers. Loss of the services of our permanent employees could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_25. We engage in foreign currency transactions, which expose us to adverse fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the Rupee and other currencies may adversely affect our operating results._** 

49 

Although we closely follow our exposure to foreign currencies and selectively enter into hedging transactions in an attempt to reduce the risks of currency fluctuations, these activities are not always sufficient to protect us against incurring potential losses if currencies fluctuate significantly. In addition, the policies of the RBI may also change from time to time, which may limit our ability to effectively hedge our foreign currency exposures and may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. Although India remains our largest market, our sales to customers located outside India for the Fiscals 2024, 2023 and 2022, contributed to ₹ 760.22 million, ₹ 612.08 million and ₹ 543.40 million export sales as on and in Fiscals 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which represented 37.53%, 36.99% and 37.40% of our total revenue from operations, respectively. 

**_26. We rely on the continued operations of our manufacturing facilities and any slowdown, shutdown or disruption in our manufacturing facilities may be caused by natural and other disasters causing unforeseen damages which may lead to disruptions in our business and operations could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

We derive the entire portion of our present revenue from operations from our facilities located in Wada, Palghar, Maharashtra. For further information, see “ _Our Business – Manufacturing Facilities_ ” on page 198. Any disruptions, breakdown or shutdown of our manufacturing facilities, due to, inter alia, (i) breakdown or failure of equipment, (ii) disruption in power supply or processes, (iii) performance below expected levels of efficiency, (iv) obsolescence, (v) labour disputes, (vi) infectious diseases (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), and (vii) political instability, could result in the damage or destruction of a significant portion of our manufacturing abilities, significant delays in the transport of our products and raw materials and/or otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and future prospects. 

There are no instances in the past linked to the location of the Company’s manufacturing facilities in Wada, Palghar, Maharashtra that have materially and adversely affected business and operations of the Company. However, our operations are susceptible to local and regional factors, such as accidents, political factors, system failures, economic and weather conditions, natural disasters, and demographic and population changes, the outbreak of infectious diseases such as COVID-19 and other unforeseen events and circumstances. Pursuant to the lockdown as a result of COVID-19, our manufacturing facilities remained closed from March 23, 2020 to April 21, 2020. Further, disruptions, damage or destruction of those facilities may severely affect our ability to meet our customers’ demand and the loss of our customers or a significant reduction in demand from such customers could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and future prospects. 

Although we try to minimize the risk from any significant operational problems at our manufacturing facilities, there can be no assurance that we will not face such disruptions in the future. Interruptions in production may also increase our costs and reduce our sales and may require us to make substantial capital expenditures to remedy the situation or to defend litigation that we may become involved in as a result, which may negatively affect our reputation, profitability, business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. In the event that our Company files a claim under the applicable insurance policy, there is no assurance that we will be able to recover all, or part of the losses incurred. 

**27.** **_There have been certain instances of delays in the payment of ESIC, PF, LWF and other statutory dues in the past by the issuer Company. We may be subject to regulatory actions and penalties for any such delays._** 

There have been certain instances of delays in the payment of ESIC, PF, LWF and other statutory dues in the past by the issuer Company. Details of such delays along with reasons thereof are as follows: 

|**Year**|**Type**|**Reasons**|
|---|---|---|
|March 2023|PF Payment|Short payment of ₹ 41,400 which was subsequently paid.|
|March 2021|PF,ESIC andLWF|Delay ofpayment by one day due tologistical reasons.|



As on March 31, 2024, we had 283 employees for whom the Provident Fund is applicable. We cannot assure you that, in the future, we will not be subject to any liability on account of such delays in payment of PF or any other regulatory or statutory body in future in relation to this error. If we are subject to any such liability, it may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_28. We face competition from both domestic as well as international players and our inability to compete effectively may have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations._** 

We face competition globally in our business against other manufacturers of precision components and technical springs and high tensile fasteners, which is based on many factors, including product quality and reliability, product design and development, technology, manufacturing capabilities, price and brand recognition. We compete with competitors to retain our existing business as well as to acquire new business. Gala Precision Engineering has a significant presence in the disc 

50 

spring market for renewable energy industry with ~80% share in the Indian market as of FY23 and ~3% share in the global market as of CY22. The Company also has a 15% market share in the Indian SFS market for wind turbine as of FY23. _(Source: 1Lattice Report)_ 

Some of our competitors may have certain advantages, including greater financial, technical and/ or marketing resources, which could enhance their ability to finance, fund international growth, respond more quickly to technological changes and/ or operate in more diversified geographies and product portfolios. For further details of our competition, see “ _Industry Overview_ ” and “ _Our Business – Competition_ ” on pages 157 and 198, respectively. 

Our success depends in part on our ability to provide technologically advanced manufacturing products, maintain strict quality standards, respond flexibly and rapidly to customers’ design and schedule changes, deliver products globally and on time and on a reliable basis at competitive prices and seek to create enhanced relationships with our customers with our advanced technology and engineering solutions. There can also be no assurance that we will be able to establish a compelling advantage over our competitors. Further, we may also not be able to utilize our available manufacturing capacity, which in turn could have material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and future prospects. 

# **_29. Our contingent liabilities could adversely affect our financial condition if they materialise._** 

As per our Restated Financial Information, as at March 31, 2024 our contingent liabilities, as per Ind AS 37 - provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets, that have not been provided for are as set out in the table below: 

||_(in ₹ million)_|
|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**As of March 31, 2024**|
|Disputed Income Tax Demands|32.97|
|Patent|20.00|
|Bank guarantees|7.96|
|Letters of credit|37.45|
|**Total**|98.38|



If any of these contingent liabilities materialises, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. See _“Financial Information”_ on page 283. 

**_30. As a part of our Objects of the Offer, we intend to set up a new manufacturing facility at Vallam-Vadagal, SIPCOT, Sriperumbuddur, Tamil Nadu. Presently, our utilisation from our SFS division is lower than our DSS and CSS divisions, and we cannot assure you that after setting up our new facility we will be able to improve our capacity utilization and improve our revenue of operations, cash flows and profits from our SFS division._** 

Our Company proposes to utilize ₹ 370.00 million of our Net Proceeds for setting up a new manufacturing facility at Vallam-Vadagal, SIPCOT, Sriperumbuddur, Tamil Nadu. This manufacturing facility is for expanding our capacity of special fastening solutions for products like foundation studs, nascelle fasteners, hex bolts, nuts etc. As of March 31, 2024, the capacity utilisation of our DSS, CSS and SFS facility was 84.84%, 77.88% and 69.64% respectively. Presently, our utilisation from our SFS division is lower than our DSS and CSS divisions, and we cannot assure you after setting up our new facility we will be able to improve our capacity utilization and improve our revenue of operations, cash flows and profits from our SFS division. 

Further, there can be no assurance that our budgeted costs may be sufficient to meet our proposed capital expenditure requirements. If our actual capital expenditures significantly exceed our budgets, or even if our budgets were sufficient to cover these projects, we may not be able to achieve the intended economic benefits of these projects which include improving our revenues from the SFS division, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. 

**_31. Any delays in the schedule of implementation of our proposed objects could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We propose to utilize our Net Proceeds for setting up a new facility at Vallam-Vadagal, SIPCOT,  Sriperumbuddur, Tamil Nadu for manufacturing high tensile fasteners and hex bolts, to fund capital expenditure requirements towards purchase of equipment, plant and machinery at Wada, Palghar, Maharashtra and for repaying/prepaying, in full or part, certain borrowings availed by our Company. For further information, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 116. Further, the details of our proposed schedule of implementation and deployment of proceeds is as per “ _Objects of the Offer - Proposed schedule of implementation and deployment of Net Proceeds_ ” on page 116. We are subject to risks associated with delays 

51 

in the schedule of implementation of our proposed objects. These include risks on account of market conditions, delay in procuring and operationalizing assets or necessary licenses and approvals, competition, price fluctuations, interest rate fluctuations and other external factors. In the event we are unable to adhere to our proposed schedule of implementation of our objects, we may be subject to cost escalations which in-turn could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_32. Majority of the Directors on our board do not possess experience of being on the board of a listed company_** 

Majority of the Directors of our Company do not have experience of holding a directorship in a listed company. Accordingly, they have limited exposure to management of affairs of the listed company which inter-alia entails several compliance requirements and scrutiny of affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large. As a listed company, the Company will require to adhere strict standards pertaining to accounting, corporate governance and reporting which is significantly higher than that of an unlisted company. The Company will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions The Company will also be subject to the SEBI Listing Regulations, which will require it to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to its business and financial condition. If the Company experiences any delays, we may fail to satisfy its reporting obligations and/or it may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in its results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. 

As a result, the Board of Directors of the Company may have to provide increased attention to such procedures and their attention may be diverted from our business operations, which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_33. If we are unable to accurately forecast demand for our products and plan production schedules in advance, our business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects may be adversely affected._** 

Our inability to forecast the level of customer demand for our products and manufacturing costs as well as our inability to accurately schedule our raw material purchases and production and manage our inventory may adversely affect our business and cash flows from operations. In particular, our inability to accurately forecast demand for products in our emerging product segments such as storage solutions and material handling may hinder our planned growth in these segments. 

For some of our customers, we have long term purchase agreements, which define the terms and conditions of purchases by the customers. These are supplemented by specific open purchase orders which do not have any validity in respect of time period and only specify the price at which the products are to be supplied with no mention of any specific quantity. The quantities supplied are typically based on monthly delivery schedules provided by the customers based on their own demand and supply situation. Further, for our long-term contracts, there is a term for product life cycle, which in turn may be phased out or halted. Although our customers provide us with forecasts of annual business volumes, which enable us to predict our income for a portion of our business, the actual orders are only placed by way of on-going purchase orders. Product quantities are typically based on delivery schedules received from the customers in short intervals. 

In addition, in the event of significant cuts in production schedules announced by customers with little advance notice, we may be unable to respond with corresponding production and inventory reductions. Significant reduction in demand for our products from a major customer may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. While some of our customers share annual forecasts with us, we do not have any recourse against our customers in the event of a reduction in the forecasted volume. 

Our customers have high and exacting standards for product quantity and quality as well as delivery schedules and any failure to meet our customers’ expectations could result in the cancellation of orders. There are also a number of factors other than our performance that are beyond our control and that could cause the loss of a customer. Moreover, as many of our operating expenses are relatively fixed, an unanticipated change in customer demand may adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. We typically commit to order raw materials and bought-out components from our own suppliers based on orders. Cancellation by customers or delay or reduction in their orders or instances where anticipated orders fail to materialize can result in mismatch between our inventories of raw materials and bought-out components and of manufactured products, thereby increasing our costs relating to maintaining our inventory and reduction of our margins, which may adversely affect our profitability and liquidity. 

In addition, we may incur significant expense in preparing to meet anticipated customer requirements that may not be recovered. Further, in the event large OEM customers change their outsourcing strategy by moving more work in-house, or replace their existing products with alternative products, it may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

52 

**_34. Any shortfall in the supply of our raw materials or an increase in our raw material costs, or other input costs for any of our segments, may adversely affect the pricing and supply of our products and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are dependent on third party suppliers for our raw materials. Discontinuation of production by these suppliers or a failure of these suppliers to adhere to any delivery schedule or the required quality or quantity could hamper our production schedule and therefore affect our business and results of operations. This dependence may also adversely affect the availability of key materials at reasonable prices thus affecting our margins and may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. There can be no assurance that strong demand, capacity limitations or other problems experienced by our suppliers will not result in shortages or delays in their supply of raw materials to us. If we were to experience a significant or prolonged shortage of raw materials from any of our suppliers, and we cannot procure similar raw materials from other sources at comparable costs and of comparable quality in a timely manner, we would be unable to meet our production schedules for some of our key products and to deliver such products to our customers in timely fashion, which would adversely affect our sales, margins, reputation and customer relations. We cannot assure you that a particular supplier will continue to supply the required components or raw materials to us in the future. Any change in the supplying pattern of our raw materials can adversely affect our business and profits. We also rely on transporters for transport and logistics. Our reliance on third parties for certain outsourced job works and on transporters for transport and logistics may affect our timelines for making delivery to our customers. 

Our business, financial condition and results of operations are significantly impacted by the prices of raw materials purchased or imported by us, particularly steel and sheet metal parts. While we are not significantly dependent on any single raw material supplier, raw material supply and pricing can be volatile due to a number of factors beyond our control, including global demand and supply, general economic and political conditions, transportation and labour costs, labour unrest, natural disasters, pandemic, competition, import duties, tariffs and currency exchange rates, and there are uncertainties inherent in estimating such variables, regardless of the methodologies and assumptions that we may use. This volatility in commodity prices can significantly affect our raw material costs. Further, volatility in fuel prices can also affect commodity prices worldwide which may significantly increase our raw material costs. 

**_35. We extend significant credit terms to our customers and are subject to counterparty credit risk. As of March 31, 2024, our Company has high level of outstanding receivables and approx. 41.85% are pending beyond normal period. Any deterioration in such customers’ financial position and their ability to pay or our inability to extend credit in line with market practice may adversely impact our profitability._** 

Due to the nature of agreements and arrangements that we enter into, we are subject to counterparty credit risk and any delay in receiving payments or non-receipt of payments may adversely impact our results of operations. Our operations involve extending credit, ranging typically upto 180 days, to our customers in respect of our products and services. Consequently, we face the risk of the uncertainty regarding the receipt of these outstanding amounts. There is no guarantee that we will accurately assess the creditworthiness of our customers. Macroeconomic conditions, such as a potential credit crisis in the global financial system, could also result in financial difficulties for our customers, including limited access to the credit markets. Such conditions could cause our customers to delay payment, request modifications of their payment terms, or default on their payment obligations to us, all of which could increase our receivables. Timely collection of dues from customers also depends on our ability to complete our contractual commitments and subsequently bill for and collect from our clients. If we are unable to meet our contractual obligations, we might experience delays in the collection of, or be unable to collect, our customer balances, and if this occurs, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. We have experienced delays in billing and collection for our products and services in the past and we cannot assure you that we will not experience any such delays in the future. If we experience delays in billing and collection for our products and services, our cash flows could be adversely affected. 

Accordingly, we had and may continue to have high levels of outstanding receivables. As of Fiscals 2024, 2023 and 2022, our trade receivables were ₹ 469.68, ₹ 299.63 and ₹ 254.57, respectively, which constituted 23.19%, 18.11% and 17.52% of our revenue from operations for the respective periods. Our trade receivables as of March 31, 2024, as a percentage of the revenue from operations for the year ended March 31, 2024, were higher on account of increase in our sales during the months of January toMarch and the longer period of credit extended to our customers. The trade receivables that were pending beyond the normal period of credit aggregated to approximately 41.85% to the outstanding trade receivables as of March 31, 2024. Also, see “ _Financial Statements – Annexure VI-Note 28 Financial Instruments - Market Risk – Credit risk_ ” on page 283. If our customers delay or default in making these payments, our profits margins and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

**_36. We may be subject to liquidity risks, which may adversely impact our cash flows, financial condition and results of operations._** 

53 

We may be subject to liquidity risks and cash flows mismatches due to repayment of borrowings and the interest thereon, payment towards our lease liabilities, payment to our creditors and outflows on our derivative liabilities. 

The repayment of our borrowings in certain years may give rise to a temporary mismatch. This may potentially give rise to a liquidity risk and interest rate risk when we are required to refinance our loans and other borrowings. If we are unable to refinance our borrowings on favourable terms, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our cash flows may also be impacted by payment of our lease liabilities. The debt/ equity ratio of our Company is 0.53. While our Company has sufficient current assets to meet the obligations related to lease liabilities as and when they fall due, we cannot assure that such obligations will not impact our cash flows in the future. Further, our Company generates significant cash flows from our operating activities, however such cash flows are primarily used towards payment of purchase of property, plant and equipment and repayment of our borrowings, which may result in substantial decrease in our cash flows and may impact our operations. 

Further, we extend defined benefit plan in the form of gratuity to our employees. The Company makes annual contribution to gratuity fund. The employees with high salaries and long durations or those higher in hierarchy, accumulate significant level of such benefits. If some of such employees resign / retire from our Company, there can be strain on the cash flows. For further information, see “ _Financial Statements - Financial Statements – Annexure VI-Note 28 Financial Instruments – Financial risk management - Liquidity Risk_ ” on page 283. 

# **_37. We may not be able to improve our profit margins in the future._** 

Our profit after tax margins before exceptional items in the Financial Year 2022, Financial Year 2023, Financial Year 2024 was 4.48%, 8.65% and 12.06% respectively and our profit after tax margins after exceptional items in the Financial year 2022, Financial Year 2023, Financial Year 2024 was 4.48%, 14.49% and 10.93% respectively. Although we have not recorded any loses and our profit margins are growing on a YoY basis, we cannot ensure that our net profit margins will continue to grow in the future. We also plan to make further capital expenditures in our factories which could further affect our profitability, for further details see Objects of the Offer. Any problems in implementing our expansion plans could affect our business operations and profit margins. 

Further, there can be no assurance that our budgeted costs may be sufficient to meet our proposed capital expenditure requirements. If our actual capital expenditures significantly exceed our budgets, or even if our budgets were sufficient to cover these projects, we may not be able to achieve the intended economic benefits of these projects which include maintaining and improving our profit margins, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. 

**_38. Information relating to the installed capacity, actual production and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates and future production and capacity may vary._** 

Information relating to the installed capacity, actual production and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates of our management that have been taken into account by the chartered engineer M/S M.C Punjwani in his Report dated August 02, 2024, in the calculation of our installed capacity, actual production and capacity utilization. Actual production levels and future capacity utilization rates may vary significantly from the estimated production capacities of our manufacturing facilities and historical capacity utilization rates. In addition, capacity utilization is calculated differently in different countries, industries and for the different kinds of products we manufacture. Undue reliance should therefore not be placed on our historical installed capacity, actual production and capacity utilization for our existing manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus. See “ _Business – Installed capacity and capacity utilization_ ” on page 198. 

**_39. Changes in technology may render our current technologies obsolete or require us to make substantial capital investments. Further, our failure to keep our technical knowledge confidential could erode our competitive advantage._** 

Our business is continually changing due to technological advances and scientific discoveries. These changes result in the frequent introduction of new products and services and significant price competition. If our products and technologies become obsolete for various factors, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Although we strive to maintain and upgrade our technologies, facilities and machinery consistent with current national and international standards, the technologies, facilities and machinery we currently use may become obsolete. The cost of implementing new technologies and upgrading our manufacturing facilities could be significant, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Any failure on our part to effectively address such situations, 

54 

innovate and keep up with technological advancements or to successfully introduce new products and services in these areas, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

# **_40. Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our competitive position, business, financial condition and results of operation._** 

We have applied for the registrations for a number of trademarks in India, including our corporate logo. See “ _Business – Intellectual Property_ ” and “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on pages 198 and 394, respectively. The use of our trademarks or logos by third parties could adversely affect our reputation, which could in turn adversely affect our business and results of operations. We may not be able to prevent infringement of our trademarks and a passing off action may not provide sufficient protection until such time that this registration is granted. If our trademarks or other intellectual property are improperly used, the value and reputation of our brands could be harmed. The measures we take to protect our intellectual property may not be adequate to prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties. Notwithstanding the precautions we take to protect our intellectual property rights, it is possible that third parties may copy or otherwise infringe upon our rights, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_41. Failure or disruption of our IT systems may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

We have implemented various IT systems which covers key areas of our operations, procurement, inventory, sales and dispatch and accounting. For instance, we implemented SAP software which encompasses all materials management, including procurement, bill of material, inventory finance and accounts and sales order and invoicing management. We significantly rely on our IT systems for the timely supply of our products to customers. 

Further, unavailability of, or failure to retain, well trained employees capable of constantly servicing our IT systems may lead to inefficiency or disruption of IT systems thereby adversely affecting our ability to operate efficiently. Any failure or disruption in the operation of these systems or the loss of data due to such failure or disruption (including due to human error or sabotage) may affect our ability to plan, track, record and analyse work in progress and sales, process financial information, meet business objectives based on IT initiatives such as product life cycle management, manage our creditors, debtors, manage payables and inventory or otherwise conduct our normal business operations, which may increase our costs and otherwise materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

**_42. Compliance with, and changes in, safety, health and environmental laws and various labour, workplace and related laws and regulations including terms of approvals granted to us, may increase our compliance costs and as such adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition ._** 

We are subject to a broad range of safety, health, environmental, labour, workplace and related laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, which impose controls on the disposal and storage of raw materials, noise emissions, air and water discharges on the storage, handling, discharge and disposal of chemicals, employee exposure to hazardous substances and other aspects of our operations. For example, the laws in India limit the amount of hazardous and pollutant discharge that our manufacturing facilities may release into the air and water. The discharge of substances that are chemical in nature or of other hazardous substances into the air, soil or water beyond these limits may cause us to be liable to regulatory bodies and incur costs to remedy the damage caused by such discharges. Any of the foregoing could subject us to litigation, which may increase our expenses in the event we are found liable, and could adversely affect our reputation. The Draft Environment Impact Assessment 2020 (“EIA 2020”) has been issued by the Ministry of Forest, Environment and Climate Change, which when notified, will supersede the Environment Impact Assessment 2006. The EIA 2020, among other things, also aims to strengthen the monitoring mechanism for compliance of conditions for prior environment clearance. We may be subject to stricter compliance requirements under the EIA 2020 for the facilities that we may setup in future and any such increased compliance may lead to increase in compliance cost and may adversely affect our business and financial conditions. 

The adoption of stricter health and safety laws and regulations, stricter interpretations of existing laws, increased governmental enforcement of laws or other developments in the future than that are prevailing as of now may require that we make additional capital expenditures, incur additional expenses or take other actions in order to remain compliant and maintain our current operations. Complying with, and changes in, these laws and regulations or terms of approval may increase our compliance costs and adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

We are also subject to the laws and regulations governing relationships with employees in such areas as minimum wage and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and termination of employees, contract labour and 

55 

work permits. Our business is also subject to, among other things, the receipt of all required licenses, permits and authorizations including local land use permits, manufacturing permits, building and zoning permits, and environmental, health and safety permits. There is a risk that we may inadvertently fail to comply with such regulations, which could lead to enforced shutdowns and other sanctions imposed by the relevant authorities, as well as the withholding or delay in receipt of regulatory approvals for our new products. 

# **_43. Any material deviation in the utilisation of Proceeds of the Offer shall be subject to applicable law._** 

The funding requirements and the deployment of the proceeds from this Offer are based on the current business plan and strategy of our Company. Our Company may have to revise this from time to time as a result of variations including changes in estimates and other external factors, which may not be within the control of the management of our Company. This may entail rescheduling, revising or cancelling the planned expenditure and fund requirement and increasing or decreasing the deployment for a particular purpose from its planned expenditure at the discretion of the Board of Directors of our Company, in compliance with applicable law. Accordingly, we may not be able to utilise the proceeds from this Offer in the manner set out in this Red Herring Prospectus in a timely manner or at all. As a consequence of any increased expenditure, the actual deployment of funds may be higher than estimated. 

# **_44. Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution, and may be subject to change based on various factors, some of which are beyond our control._** 

The funding requirement and deployment of the Net Proceeds mentioned as a part of the “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” at page 116 are based on current circumstances of our business, prevailing market conditions estimates received from the third party agencies, and are subject to changes in external circumstances or costs, or in other financial condition, business or strategy, as discussed further below. We have procured a detailed project report dated February 12, 2024, prepared for setting up a new facility at Vallam-Vadagal, SIPCOT, Sriperumbuddur, Tamil Nadu for manufacturing high tensile fasteners and hex bolts and issued by RBSA Advisors LLP, an Independent Consultant (“ **DPR** ”) and an Architect Certificate dated August 10, 2024 from TSO Design Commune Private Limited , for the proposed object of the Offer, which is based on certain estimates and assumptions. Our Company has also relied on management estimates for purchase cost of equipment, plant and machinery at Wada, Palghar, Maharashtra. The estimates for the proposed expenditure are based on several variables, a significant variation in any one or a combination of which could have an adverse effect. Furthermore, the deployment of funds has not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. 

We operate in a highly competitive and dynamic industry and we may have to revise our funding requirements and deployment from time to time on account of various factors beyond our control, such as consumer confidence, inflation, employment levels, demographic trends, technological changes, changing customer preferences, increasing regulations or changes in government policies, our Board’s analysis of economic trends and business requirements, competitive landscape, as well as general factors affecting our business, results of operations, financial condition and access to capital such as credit availability and interest rate levels. Our Company, in accordance with the policies established by the Board from time to time, will have flexibility to deploy the Net Proceeds. Furthermore, pending utilization of Net Proceeds towards the Objects of the Issue, our Company will have the flexibility to deploy the Net Proceeds and to deposit the Net Proceeds temporarily in deposits with one or more scheduled commercial banks included in Second Schedule of Reserve Bank of India Act, 1939, as may be approved by our Board or IPO Committee. 

Accordingly, prospective investors in the Offer will need to rely upon our management’s judgment with respect to the use of Net Proceeds and there can be no assurance that we will earn significant interest income on, or that we will not suffer unanticipated diminution in the value of, such temporary deposits. Furthermore, various risks and uncertainties, such as economic trends and business requirements, competitive landscape, as well as general factors affecting our results of operations, financial condition and access to capital and including those set forth in this section, may limit or delay our efforts to use the Net Proceeds to achieve profitable growth in our business. 

# **_45. We are subject to stringent labour laws or other industry standards and any strike, work stoppage or increased wage demand by our employees or any other kind of disputes with our employees could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We are subject to a number of stringent labour laws. India has stringent labour legislation that protects the interests of workers, including legislation that sets forth detailed procedures for dispute resolution and employee removal and legislation that imposes financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment. We are also subject to international, federal, state and local laws and regulations, in all jurisdictions where we have operations, governing our relationships with our employees, including those relating to minimum wage, overtime, working conditions, hiring and firing, nondiscrimination, work permits and employee benefits. Further, in order to retain flexibility and control costs, we appoint independent contractors who, in turn, engage on-site contract labour to perform certain operations. Although we do not 

56 

engage these labourers directly, in the event of default by any independent contractor, we may be held responsible for providing statutory benefits, including wages to these labourers if the independent contractors fail to do so. If we are required to pay the wages of the contracted employees, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. In addition, under the Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970, as amended, we may be required to absorb a number of such contract labourers as permanent employees. Thus, any such order from a regulatory body or court may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020 (enacted by the parliament of India and assented to by the President of India on September 28, 2020) will come into force on such date as may be notified in the official gazette. Once effective, it will subsume various legislations including the Factories Act, 1948 and the Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970. If there is any failure by us to comply with the new regime, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could affect our business. 

**_46. We have incurred significant indebtedness which exposes us to various risks which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial conditions. Conditions and restrictions imposed on us by the agreements governing our indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to operate our business._** 

As of June 30, 2024 our total sanctioned and outstanding indebtedness (fund and non-fund based) was ₹ 1,004.59 million and ₹ 585.61 million, respectively. Our Company has availed these loans for several purposes including purchase of machinery, payment of statutory dues, procurement of raw materials, payment of creditors, to meet working capital requirements. For details on the purpose of the loans availed by our Company, see ‘ _Financial Indebtedness_ ’ on page 385. The level of our indebtedness could have several important consequences, including but not limited to the following: 

- a significant portion of our cash flow may be used towards repayment of our existing debt, which will reduce the available cash flow to fund our capital expenditures and other general corporate requirements; 

- defaults of payment and other obligations under our financing arrangements may result in an event of default, acceleration of our repayment obligations and enforcement of related security interests over our assets; 

- Substantial portion of our long term indebtedness is subject to floating rates of interest. Fluctuations in market interest rates may require us to pay higher rates of interest and will also affect the cost of our borrowings; and 

- Our ability to obtain additional financing in the future or renegotiate or refinance our existing indebtedness on terms favourable to us may be limited. 

Additionally, our financing agreements contain certain conditions and restrictive covenants that require us to obtain consents from respective lenders prior to carrying out specified activities and entering into certain transactions. Our lenders require us to obtain their prior approval for certain actions, which, amongst other things, restrict our ability to undertake various actions including incur additional debt, declare dividends, amend our constitutional documents, change the ownership or control and management of our business. While our Company has received necessary approval from its lenders to undertake this Issue, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain approvals to undertake any other aforementioned activities as and when required or comply with such covenants or other covenants in the future. In addition, the charge on our assets created on some of the facilities which we have re-paid to our lenders’ is still subsisting. Such charge on our assets could impede or affect our ability to avail obtain additional financing in the future or renegotiate or refinance our existing indebtedness on terms favourable to us may be limited. For further details regarding our indebtedness, see “ _Financial Information_ ” and “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on pages 283 and 385, respectively. 

# **_47. Our failure to keep our technical knowledge confidential could erode our competitive advantage._** 

Our employees possess extensive knowledge about our commercial decisions and business development strategies. Such knowledge is a significant independent asset, which may not be adequately protected by employment agreements with our employees. As a result, we cannot be certain that such knowledge will remain confidential in the long run. Even if all reasonable precautions, whether contractual or otherwise, are taken to protect our confidential knowledge of our business, there is still a danger that certain proprietary knowledge may be leaked, either inadvertently or wilfully. 

A significant number of our employees have access to confidential design and production information and there can be no assurance that this information will remain confidential. Moreover, certain of our employees may leave us and join our competitor. Although we may seek to enforce confidentiality obligation in terms of our staff rules, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully enforce such rules. While no such instances have occurred in the last three Financial Years or in the current Fiscal until the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, in the event that the confidential technical information in respect of our business becomes available to third parties or to the general public, any competitive advantage that we may have over other companies could be harmed. If our competitor is able to reproduce or otherwise 

57 

capitalize on our technology, it may be difficult and/ or expensive for us to obtain necessary legal protection. Consequently, any leakage of confidential technical information could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects. 

**_48. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants in our financing arrangements._** 

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our future earnings, cash flows, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditure, applicable Indian legal restrictions and other factors. Our Company does not have a formal dividend policy. The declaration and payment of dividends, if any, will be recommended by our Board and approved by the Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act 2013. There can be no assurance that we will pay dividends. Additionally, in the future, we may be restricted by the terms of our financing agreements in making dividend payments unless otherwise agreed with our lenders. See “ _Dividend Policy_ ” and “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on pages 282 and 385, respectively. 

# **_49. Our Promoters and Promoter Group will continue to retain control over our Company after completion of the Offer, which will allow them to influence the outcome of matters submitted for approval of our Shareholders._** 

The aggregate post-offer shareholding of our Promoters and Promoter Group, post listing of the Equity Shares will be [●]% of the issued, subscribed and paid-up Equity Shares. Consequently, our Promoter and Promoter Group will continue to exercise significant control over us after completion of the Offer, including being able to control the composition of our Board of Directors and determine matters requiring Shareholders’ approval or approval of our Board of Directors. Our Promoter and Promoter Group may take or block actions with respect to our business, which may conflict with our interests or the interests of our minority Shareholders. By exercising their control, our Promoter and Promoter Group could delay, defer or cause a change of our control or a change in our capital structure, delay, defer or cause a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us, discourage or encourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us even if such actions may be beneficial for the Company. See “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 84. 

**_50. Our Promoters and directors hold Equity Shares in our Company and is therefore interested in our Company's performance in addition to their remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Our Promoters and directors are interested in our Company to the extent of their shareholding in our Company and the dividend entitlement received from our Company, in addition to the normal remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses by our Company. We cannot assure you that our Promoters or any other interested Director in the future, would always exercise their rights as Shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. As a result, our Promoters or any other interested Director in the future will continue to exercise significant control over our Company, including being able to control the composition of our Board of Directors and determine decisions requiring simple or special majority voting, and our other Shareholders may be unable to affect the outcome of such voting. Our Promoters or any other interested Director in the future may take or block actions with respect to our business, which may conflict with our best interests or the interests of other minority Shareholders, such as actions with respect to future capital raising or acquisitions. We cannot assure you that Our Promoters or any other interested Director in the future will always act to resolve any conflicts of interest in our favour, thereby adversely affecting our business and results of operations and prospects. See “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 84. 

**51.** **_This Red Herring Prospectus contains certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other selected statistical information related to our operations and financial performance. These non-GAAP measures and statistical information may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across the manufacturing industry, and therefore may not be comparable with financial or statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other manufacturing companies._** 

Certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. We compute and disclose such non-GAAP financial measures and such other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance as we consider such information to be useful measures of our business and financial performance, and because such measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and others to evaluate the operational performance of manufacturing companies, many of which provide such non-GAAP financial measures and other statistical and operational information when reporting their financial results. These non-GAAP financial measures and other statistical and other information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be comparable to financial measures and statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other manufacturing companies. 

58 

**_52. This Red Herring Prospectus contains information from industry sources including the industry report commissioned from Lattice Technologies Private Limited. Prospective investors are advised not to place undue reliance on such information._** 

This Red Herring Prospectus includes information derived from third party industry sources and from a report dated August, 2024, titled “Precision Engineering Industry Report” prepared by Lattice Technologies Private Limited _(the “1Lattice Report”)_ pursuant to an engagement with our Company. We commissioned the 1 Lattice Report. Neither we, nor the Promoters, nor Directors, nor any of the BRLM, nor any other person connected with the Offer has verified the information in the 1Lattice Report and other information under “ _Industry Overview_ ” on page 157, and we cannot guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of any such information. Moreover, the industry sources including the 1Lattice Report contains certain industry and market data, based on certain assumptions. Further, the reports use certain methodologies for market sizing and forecasting. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the markets in which we operate, and methodologies and assumptions vary widely among different industry sources. Such assumptions may change based on various factors. 

We cannot assure you that such assumptions are correct or will not change and, accordingly, our position in the market may differ from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, the 1Lattice Report or any other industry data or sources are not recommendations to invest in our Company. Prospective investors are advised not to place undue reliance on the 1Lattice Report or extracts thereof as included in this Red Herring Prospectus, when making their investment decisions. See “ _Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information and Market Data and Currency of Presentation_ ” and “ _Industry Overview_ ” on pages 17 and 157, respectively. 

# **_53. Our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale portion of the Offer._** 

The Offer includes an Offer for Sale of up to 616,000 Equity Shares, in the aggregate, by the Selling Shareholders. Our Company will not receive any proceeds of the Offer for Sale by the Selling Shareholders. The expenses of the Selling Shareholders will, at the outset, be borne by our Company and each Selling Shareholder will reimburse our Company for such expenses incurred by our Company on behalf of such Selling Shareholders, in relation to the Offer, upon successful completion of the Offer in the manner as prescribed under applicable law and agreed amongst the Company and the Selling Shareholders. 

All Offer expenses, except (a) listing fees, which will be borne by the Company; and (b) fees and expenses in relation to the legal counsel to the Selling Shareholders which shall be borne by the respective Selling Shareholders, will be shared, between our Company and the Selling Shareholders on a pro-rata basis (including all applicable taxes, except STT and withholding taxes, if any, which shall be borne by the respective Selling Shareholder), in proportion to the Equity Shares issued and allotted by our Company in the Fresh Issue and the Offered Shares sold by the Selling Shareholders in the Offer for Sale, respectively, as may be mutually agreed and in accordance with applicable law. Any expenses paid by our Company on behalf of the Selling Shareholders in the first instance will be reimbursed to our Company, on behalf of the Selling Shareholders to the extent of its respective proportion of Offer related expenses. The Offer expenses shall be payable in accordance with the arrangements or agreements entered into by our Company and selling shareholders with the respective Designated Intermediary. even if company fails to open its issue during the period of validity of SEBI's observations. See “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 116. 

# **Risks Related to the Offer and the Equity Shares** 

**_54. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and the Offer may not result in an active or liquid market for the Equity Shares. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Indian Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, there will be liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may bear no relationship to the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer. 

The market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer can be volatile as a result of several factors beyond our Company’s control, including volatility in the Indian and global securities markets, our results of operations, the performance of our competitors, developments in the Indian and global key precision engineering industry, changing perceptions in the market about investments in this sector in India, investor perceptions of our future performance, adverse media reports about us or our sector, changes in the estimates of our performance or recommendations by financial analysts, significant developments in India’s economic liberalisation and deregulation policies, and significant developments in India’s fiscal 

59 

regulations. In addition, the Stock Exchanges may experience significant price and volume fluctuations, which may have a material adverse effect on the market price of the Equity Shares. 

General or industry specific market conditions or stock performance or domestic or international macroeconomic and geopolitical factors unrelated to our performance may also affect the price of the Equity Shares. In particular, the stock market as a whole in the past has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of many companies in ways that may have been unrelated to the companies’ operating performances. For these reasons, investors should not rely on recent trends to predict future share prices, results of operations or cash flow and financial condition. 

# **_55. Any further issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked instruments by us may dilute your shareholding._** 

Our Company may be required to finance our growth through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by our Company, including a primary offering of Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares including through exercise of employee stock options, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us or sales of the Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of the Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of the Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that we will not issue Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares or that the Shareholders will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

# **_56. Sale of Equity Shares by our Promoters and Promoter Group in future may adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares._** 

After the completion of the Offer, our Promoters and Promoter Group will own a significant percentage of our Company’s issued Equity Shares. Sale of a large number of the Equity Shares by the Promoters could adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares. Similarly, the perception that any such primary or secondary sale may occur, could adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares. No assurance may be given that the Promoters will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

**_57. There are restrictions on daily movements in the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may adversely affect a shareholder’s ability to sell Equity Shares or the price at which Equity Shares can be sold at a particular point in time._** 

Following the listing of Equity Shares through the Offer, the Equity Shares will be subject to a daily “circuit breaker” imposed on listed companies by the Stock Exchanges, which does not allow transactions beyond certain volatility in the trading price of the Equity Shares. This circuit breaker operates independently of the index-based market-wide circuit breakers generally imposed by SEBI on Indian Stock Exchanges. The percentage limit on the Equity Shares’ circuit breaker will be set by the Stock Exchanges based on historical volatility in the price and trading volume of the Equity Shares. The Stock Exchanges are not required to inform our Company of the percentage limit of the circuit breaker, and they may change the limit without our knowledge. This circuit breaker would effectively limit the upward and downward movements in the trading price of the Equity Shares beyond the circuit breaker limit set by the Stock Exchanges. As a result of this circuit breaker, there can be no assurance regarding the ability of shareholders to sell Equity Shares or the price at which shareholders may be able to sell their Equity Shares. 

# **_58. There is no guarantee that the Equity Shares will be listed on the BSE and the NSE in a timely manner or at all._** 

There is no guarantee that the Equity Shares will be listed on the BSE and the NSE in a timely manner or at all. In accordance with Indian law, permission for listing and trading of the Equity Shares will not be granted until after certain actions have been completed in relation to this Offer and until Allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to this Offer. In accordance with current regulations and circulars issued by SEBI, the Equity Shares are required to be listed on the BSE and the NSE within such time as mandated under UPI Circulars, subject to any change in the prescribed timeline in this regard. However, we cannot assure you that the trading in the Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner or at all. Any failure or delay in obtaining final listing and trading approvals may restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares. Further, there can be no assurance that the Equity Shares once listed will continue to remain listed on the Stock Exchanges. Indian laws permit a company to delist its equity shares on compliance with prescribed procedures including the requirement to obtain the approval of its shareholders. Further, certain instances of non-compliance with applicable laws can result in the delisting of the Equity Shares. We cannot assure you, therefore, that the Equity Shares, once listed, will continue to remain listed. 

60 

**_59. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company incorporated in India must offer its equity shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting on such resolution. However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for your benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of any such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares, your proportional interests in our Company may be reduced. 

**_60. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the regulations under the SEBI Act, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within 3 Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

**_61. A third party could be prevented from acquiring control of our Company because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian law._** 

There are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company, even if a change in control would result in the purchase of your Equity Shares at a premium to the market price or would otherwise be beneficial to you. Such provisions may discourage or prevent certain types of transactions involving actual or threatened change in control of our Company. Under the SEBI Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to its stakeholders, it is possible that such a takeover would not be attempted. 

**_62. Our Company may be subject to pre-emptive surveillance measures like Additional Surveillance Measure (ASM) and Graded Surveillance Measures (GSM) by the Stock Exchanges in order to enhance market integrity and safeguard the interest of investors, once the Equity Shares of our Company are listed._** 

The Equity Shares of our Company may be subject to general market conditions which may include significant price and volume fluctuations, once the Equity Shares of our Company are listed. The price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate after the Offer due to several factors such as volatility in the Indian and global securities market, our performance and profitability, or any other political or economic factor. The occurrence of these factors may lead to the surveillance measures stipulated by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges for placing securities under the GSM or ASM framework being triggered in relation to the Equity Shares. If the Equity Shares are covered under such surveillance measures implemented by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges, we may be subject to certain additional restrictions in relation to trading of the Equity Shares such as limiting trading frequency (for example, trading either allowed once in a week or a month) or freezing of price on upper side of trading which may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Equity Shares or may in general cause disruptions in the development of an active trading market for the Equity Shares. 

# **External Risks** 

**_63. You may not be able to immediately sell any of the Equity Shares you subscribe to in this Offer on an Indian Stock Exchange._** 

61 

The Equity Shares are proposed to be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to Indian laws and regulations, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and commence trading, including the crediting of Equity Shares in the investor’s demat accounts within the timeline specified under applicable law. Further, in accordance with Indian law, permission for listing and trading of the Equity Shares will not be granted until after certain actions have been completed in relation to this Offer and until Allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to this Offer. The Allotment of Equity Shares in the Offer and the credit of Equity Shares to the investor’s demat account with the relevant depository participant and listing is expected to be completed within the period as may be prescribed under applicable law. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approvals or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. Our Company cannot assure you that the Equity Shares will be credited to investor’s demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the prescribed time periods or at all which could restrict your ability to dispose of the Equity Shares. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

# **_64. A slowdown in economic growth in India could adversely affect our Company’s business._** 

The structure of the Indian economy has undergone considerable changes in the last decade. These include increasing importance of external trade and of external capital flows. Any slowdown in the growth of the Indian economy or manufacturing sector or any future volatility in global process could adversely affect our Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. India’s economy could be adversely affected by a general rise in interest rates, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, adverse conditions affecting commodity and electricity prices or various other factors. 

Further, conditions outside India, such as slowdowns in the economic growth of other countries, could have an impact on the growth of the Indian economy and government policy may change in response to such conditions. The Indian economy and financial markets are also significantly influenced by worldwide economic, financial and market conditions. Any financial turmoil, especially in the United States, Europe or China or Asian emerging market countries, may have an impact on the Indian economy. Although economic conditions differ in each country, investors’ reactions to any significant developments in one country can have adverse effects on the financial and market conditions in other countries. A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems, particularly in other emerging markets, may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets, and could have an adverse effect on our Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations and the price of the Equity Shares. 

Increasing employee compensation in India may erode some of our Company’s competitive advantage and may reduce our Company’s profit margins, which may have a material adverse effect on our Company’s business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

Employee compensation in India has historically been significantly lower than employee compensation in the United States and Western Europe for comparably skilled professionals. However, compensation increases in India may erode some of this competitive advantage and may negatively affect our Company’s profit margins. Employee compensation in India is increasing at a faster rate than in the United States and Western Europe, which could result in increased costs relating to managers and other mid-level professionals. Our Company may need to continue to increase the levels of our Company’s employee compensation to remain competitive and manage attrition. Compensation increases may have a material adverse effect on our Company’s business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **_65. Adverse geopolitical conditions such as an increased tension between India and its neighbouring countries, conflict amongst some of the countries in Europe and the Middle East, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Adverse geopolitical conditions such as increased tensions between India and its neighbouring countries, resulting in any military conflict in the region could adversely affect our business and operations. Such events may lead to countries including the Government of India imposing restrictions on the import or export of products or input materials, among others, and affect our ability to procure input materials required for our manufacturing operations. We could also be affected by the introduction of or increase in the levy of import tariffs in India, or in the countries to which we export our products, or changes in trade agreements between countries. For instance, the government of India has imposed additional tariffs in the nature of countervailing duty and anti-dumping duty on a number of items imported from China. Any such measure which affects our input material supply or reciprocal duties imposed on Indian products by China or other countries may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Further, the ongoing war amongst some of the countries in Europe and the Middle East that is currently impacting, inter alia, global trade, prices of oil and gas and could have an inflationary impact on the Indian economy. 

62 

# **_66. Our Company may be affected by competition law in India and any adverse application or interpretation of the Competition Act could adversely affect our Company’s business._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, of India, as amended (the “ **Competition Act** ”) regulates practices having an Appreciable Adverse Effect on Competition (the “ **AAEC** ”) in the relevant market in India. Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an AAEC is considered void and results in the imposition of substantial penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, shares the market by way of geographical area or number of guests in the relevant market or directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an AAEC in the relevant market in India and is considered void. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. 

On March 4, 2011, the Government issued and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to and pre-approved by the Competition Commission of India (CCI). Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued Competition Commission of India (Procedure for Transaction of Business Relating to Combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. 

The Competition Act aims to, among others, prohibit all agreements and transactions which may have an AAEC in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an AAEC in India. However, the impact of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements entered into by our Company cannot be predicted with certainty at this stage. Our Company is currently not a party to an outstanding proceeding, nor has our Company received any notice in relation to non-compliance with the Competition Act and the agreements entered into by our Company. However, if our Company is affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI or if any prohibition or substantial penalties are levied under the Competition Act, it would adversely affect the business, results of operations and prospects of our Company. 

# **_67. A downgrade in ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our Company's borrowing costs and our Company’s access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. India’s sovereign rating is Baa3 with a “stable” outlook (Moody’s), BBB– with a “stable” outlook (S&P) and BBB– with a “negative” outlook (Fitch). Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our Company’s ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our Company’s control. This could have an adverse effect on our Company’s ability to fund our Company’s growth on favourable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our Company’s business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

Further, any future equity issuances by us, including to comply with minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India or sales of our Equity Shares by our shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. 

In case there is any disposal, pledge or encumbrance of the Equity Shares (in accordance with applicable law including procuring regulatory approvals, as required) by any of our significant shareholders may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_68. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, fires, explosions, pandemic disease and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price 

63 

of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

Our performance and the growth of our business are necessarily dependent on the health of the overall Indian economy. Therefore, any downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and future prospects. The Indian economy could be adversely affected by various factors, such as the impact of COVID-19 or other pandemics, epidemics, political and regulatory changes, including adverse changes in the Government’s liberalisation policies, social disturbances, religious or communal tensions, terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war such as ongoing Ukraine-Russia conflict, natural calamities, volatility in interest rates, volatility in commodity and energy prices, a loss of investor confidence in other emerging market  economies and  any  worldwide  financial instability. 

**_69. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which may be material to the Financial Statements prepared and presented in accordance with SEBI ICDR Regulations contained in this Red Herring Prospectus._** 

We have not attempted to quantify the impact of U.S. GAAP or any other system of accounting principles on the financial data, prepared and presented in accordance with Ind AS for Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of U.S. GAAP or any other accounting principles. U.S. GAAP differs in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the restated financial statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader's level of familiarity with Ind AS and SEBI ICDR Regulations. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Prospectus should accordingly be limited. Additionally, Ind AS differs in certain respects from IFRS and therefore financial statements prepared under Ind AS may be substantially different from financial statements prepared under IFRS. 

# **_70. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

**_71. Financial difficulty and other problems in certain financial institutions in India could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations, future cash flows and financial condition of our Company._** 

Indian financial system may be affected by financial difficulties faced by all or some of the Indian financial institutions whose commercial soundness may be closely related as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships. This risk, which is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk”, may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, banks, securities firms and exchanges. Any such difficulties or instability of the Indian financial system in general could create an adverse market perception about Indian financial institutions and banks and adversely affect the business of our Company. 

# **_72. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. The Income Tax Act levies taxes on such long-term capital gains exceeding ₹ 0.1 million arising from sale of equity shares on or after April 1, 2018, while continuing to exempt the unrealized capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on such equity shares subject to specific conditions. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long-term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of a securities transaction tax (STT), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. Any gain realized on the sale of Equity Shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold other than on a recognized stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, will be subject to long term capital gains tax in India. 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempted from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of 

64 

which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

# **_73. Investors may have difficulty enforcing foreign judgments against our Company or the management of our Company._** 

Our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and all the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of our Company reside in India. A majority of the assets, and the assets of the Directors and officers of our Company, are also located in India. Where investors wish to enforce foreign judgments in India, they may face difficulties in enforcing such judgments. India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. India exercises reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions. In order to be enforceable, a judgment obtained in a jurisdiction which India recognises as a reciprocating territory must meet certain requirements of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908, of India (Civil Code). Further, the Civil Code only permits enforcement of monetary decrees not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes or, other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalty and does not provide for the enforcement of arbitration awards. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions not recognised as a reciprocating territory by India cannot be enforced or executed in India. Even if a party were to obtain a judgment in such a jurisdiction, it would be required to institute a fresh suit upon the judgment and would not be able to enforce such judgment by proceedings in execution. Further, the party which has obtained such judgment must institute the new proceedings within three years of obtaining the judgement. 

As a result, you may be unable to: (i) effect service of process outside of India upon our Company and such other persons or entities; or (ii) enforce in courts outside of India judgments obtained in such courts against our Company and such other persons or entities. It is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages awarded as excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. A party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval from the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered pursuant to the execution of such foreign judgment, and any such amount may be subject to income tax in accordance with applicable laws. 

# **_74. Financial instability, economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries may also cause the price of the Equity Shares to decline._** 

The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located in other countries, including India. For instance, the economic downturn in the U.S. and several European countries during a part of Fiscals 2008 and 2009 adversely affected market prices in the global securities markets, including India. Following the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union (Brexit), there still remains significant uncertainty around the impact of Brexit on the general economic conditions in the United Kingdom and the European Union and any consequential impact on global financial markets. In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy as well as a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. Further, the recent collapse of the Silicon Valley Bank also caused economic downturn. Negative economic developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficits, or a default on national debt, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. 

A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy, including the movement of exchange rates and interest rates in India. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_75. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our Company’s ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely impact the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions) if they comply with the valuation and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and does not fall under any of the exceptions specified by the RBI, then the RBI’s prior approval is required. In addition, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no- 

65 

objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. Our Company cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other Government agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For further details, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” beginning on page 452. 

Further, in accordance with Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the DPIIT and the FEMA Rules, any investment, subscription, purchase or sale of equity instruments by entities, investments under the foreign direct investment route by entities of a country which shares land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country will require prior approval of the Government of India. Further, in the event of transfer of ownership of any existing or future foreign direct investment in an entity in India, directly or indirectly, resulting in the beneficial ownership falling within the aforesaid restriction/ purview, such subsequent change in the beneficial ownership will also require approval of the Government of India. Our Company cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms, in a timely manner or at all. 

# **_76. Our Company’s ability to raise foreign capital may be constrained by Indian law._** 

As an Indian company, our Company is subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies. Such regulatory restrictions could constrain our Company’s ability to obtain financings on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, our Company cannot assure you that any required regulatory approvals for borrowing in foreign currencies will be granted to our Company without onerous conditions, or at all. Limitations on foreign debt may have an adverse effect on our Company’s business growth, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_77. If security or industry analysts do not publish research, or publish unfavourable or inaccurate research about the business of our Company, the price and trading volume of the Equity Shares may decline._** 

The trading market for the Equity Shares may depend, in part, on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. Our Company may be unable to sustain coverage by established and / or prominent securities and industry analysts. If either none or only a limited number of securities or industry analysts maintain coverage of our Company, or if these securities or industry analysts are not widely respected within the general investment community, the trading price for the Equity Shares would be negatively impacted. In the event our Company obtains securities or industry analyst coverage, if one or more of the analysts downgrade the Equity Shares of our Company or publish inaccurate or unfavourable research about our business, the price of the Equity Shares may decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our Company or fail to publish reports on our Company regularly, the demand for the Equity Shares of our Company could decrease, which might cause the price and trading volume of the Equity Shares of our Company to decline. 

66 

