# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in our Equity Shares involves a certain degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares or the industry in which we operate. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If any of the following risks or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial actually occur, our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could suffer, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 117, 94 and 244, respectively of, as well as the financial and other information contained in, this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries. This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further details, see “ForwardLooking Statements” on page 20._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from industry publications and other publicly available information, including, in particular, the report Global Injectable Industry Overview dated October 21, 2020 (the “_ **_IQVIA Report_** _”) prepared and issued by IQVIA Consulting and Information Services India Private Limited commissioned by us. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the IQVIA Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year._ 

_Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of our Company and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in our Equity Shares._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated or context requires otherwise, the financial information included herein is derived from our Restated Financial Information for Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020 and the three months ended June 30, 2020 and 2019, included in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

# **<u>Internal Risks</u>** 

**1.** **_Our industry is heavily regulated and our business activities require various approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions. If there is any change to such regulations or failure or delay in obtaining necessary permits or approvals, or if such permits or approvals are revoked or not renewed for any reason, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

The development, testing, manufacturing, marketing and sale of pharmaceutical products are subject to extensive regulation in India and other countries. Our products, as well as the facilities where we manufacture them, require extensive testing, government reviews and approvals before they can be marketed. To conduct our business, we need product registrations and other approvals granted by authorities in India, the United States, the United Kingdom and various other foreign governmental authorities and health regulatory bodies. The cost of acquiring such authorisations and approvals is substantial. Governmental authorities in India, the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia, Brazil, Germany and other countries to which we supply our products, impose different rules and regulations on research, development, manufacture, and testing to ensure the safety of pharmaceutical products. There can be long delays in obtaining required clearances from regulatory authorities in any country after applications are filed. Whether or not a product is approved in India, regulatory authorities in many of the markets to which we export products must approve that product before we can begin to supply it to those countries. Any failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approvals, or any implementation of new standards or conditions that have to be met in order to obtain such approvals, could impact the supply and marketing of our products and, in turn, affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Failure by us to comply with the regulatory requirements of one country may automatically trigger non-compliance with the regulatory requirements of another country. Failure by us to renew, maintain or obtain the required permits or approvals may result in the interruption of our operations and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Failure to maintain compliance with regulatory requirements may also result in administrative actions, such as fines, warning letters, refusal to approve pending applications (including ANDA filings), product seizures, refusal to permit the import of products into the destination country, or restrictions on marketing or manufacturing. For risks associated with failure to renew, maintain or obtain permits or approvals required to operate our manufacturing facilities and sale of products in India, see “ _We require certain approvals and licenses in the ordinary course of business, and the failure to obtain or retain them in a timely manner may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations_ ” on page 30. Further, the regulations the Company is subject to outside India are set out in _“Our Business – Regulations”_ on 

21 

page 133. These include applicable regulations in the United States, the Company’s largest market. For details of ANDA filings in the United States including filings approved and pending approval as well of product registrations, please see _“Our Business - Our Products – Development Capabilities”_ on page 126. 

There may be uncertainty relating to pricing and other regulations which vary widely from country to country. The regulations applicable to our existing and future products may also change. Any change in the regulations, enforcement procedures or regulatory policies set by the USFDA, including under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (" **FFDCA** "), MHRA (UK), TGA (Australia), ANVISA (Brazil), AGES (Austria), BGV Hamburg (Germany), CDSCO (India) and other regulatory agencies could increase the costs or time of development of our products and delay or prevent sales of our products. We cannot determine what effect changes in regulations, statutes, legal interpretation or policies, when and if promulgated, enacted or adopted, may have on our business in the future. 

# **2.** 

**_Our success is dependent on our business arrangements with our marketing partners and customers for the sale of our products. If any of these arrangements is terminated for any reason, or if our marketing partners fail to fulfil their obligations under the relevant agreements or otherwise do not effectively sell or market our products, or if our relationships with any of our marketing partners and customers are disrupted, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

As of June 30, 2020, our products were sold in over60countries, including the United States, Europe, Canada, Australia, India and the Rest of the world. Our primary business model in the Indian market is B2C, where our products are primarily marketed and sold to end customers such as hospitals, nursing homes and government facilities. We also have B2B presence in India where we supply products to pharmaceutical companies. In markets such as the United States, Europe, Canada and Australia as well as the Rest of the world such as Brazil, Africa and China, our primary business model is B2B, covering IP-led, technology transfer and contract manufacturing models. For further details of our business models, please refer to the section titled " _Our Business – Business Models and Customers_ " on page 130. 

In relation to our B2B business model, our success in many markets depends on our B2B marketing partners, in particular their sales expertise and relationships with their end customers. Under our B2B IP-led model, we enter into long-term development, licensing, manufacturing and supply agreements with our marketing partners. We typically receive licensing fee together with milestone payments tied to completion of specific stages in the product development. Upon commercialisation of the product, we receive the selling price per unit dose of the product and may additionally receive a profit share or royalties based on the net profit or net sales of the product, depending on the relevant terms of the agreements. Under our B2B technology transfer model, the product is partially developed by our partner and the technology required for the manufacture, testing and packaging of such product is subsequently transferred to us. We generally receive a technology transfer fee and may also receive royalties representing a percentage of the net sales revenue or profit after the commercialisation of the product. 

Accordingly, the performance of our marketing partners and their ability to reach out to treatment providers and promote our products are crucial to the future growth of our business. Our marketing partners may not continue to be successful in marketing and promoting our products. They may terminate their relationships with us, or may fail to commit the necessary resources to purchase and market our products to the level of our expectations. Our customers also can terminate their agreement with us for a particular product if the market authorisation cannot be obtained by such customer due to a technical deficiency or a breach of other obligations attributed to the dossier owned by the Company. Our reliance on our marketing partners may also make it more difficult for us to accurately forecast the results of our operations. 

Our dependence on partnerships with our B2B marketing partners to market some of our products may subject us to a number of risks, including: 

- not being able to control the amount and timing of resources that these partners may devote to the marketing of our products; and 

- significant changes in their business strategy that may adversely affect their willingness or ability to fulfil its obligations under any arrangement. 

Additionally, the B2B marketing partners we work with may make important marketing and other commercial decisions concerning our products without our input. As a result of these arrangements, some of the variables that may affect our business are not exclusively within our control. Further, our arrangements with these partners may be terminated upon breach of contractual obligation. We may not be able to renegotiate these contract arrangements on reasonable terms or find suitable alternatives in the future. In addition, if we fail to maintain our relationships with these marketing partners, or they decide to increase their in-house development or production capabilities, licensing of and marketing for our products and pipeline could be adversely affected, demand for our products could decrease and our business could be materially and adversely affected. As a result, our reliance on, and inability to control these B2B marketing partners on whom we rely for the sale and marketing of our products could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

22 

In our domestic market, we primarily adopt a B2C business model where we engage in direct marketing, complemented by a B2B CMO model where we provide comprehensive fill and finish services for injectables to other pharmaceutical companies for already approved products. A deterioration of our relationship with these customers may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **3.** **_If our API production is interrupted or we fail to produce or procure high-quality APIs in the quantities we require in a cost-effective manner, sales of our products could be delayed or interrupted._** 

Our supply chain efficiencies are backed by our API production capacity, which ensures a secure supply of critical production inputs for our key products. The manufacture of APIs is complex, and we may experience problems during the manufacture of APIs for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, manufacturing quality concerns, problems with raw materials, lack of technical know-how, natural disaster related events or other environmental factors. If our vendors fail to provide the raw materials or technical know-how required for APIs for any reason, or supply to our competitors, our manufacture of APIs could be disrupted, which in turn may delay or interrupt the production of the injectables. The majority of our suppliers of raw materials are based in China, and we have faced disruptions in the supply of raw materials from such suppliers as a result of the novel coronavirus (“ **COVID-19** ”) outbreak; for further discussion on the impact of COVID-19, please see " _Risk Factors—The COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency, could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations_ " on page 26.  We may also face supply disruptions in the future arising from India-China political relations which are evolving in the wake of the June 2020 border confrontation between the two countries. There can be no assurance that we will not experience further disruptions as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or India-China relations. Our raw materials imported from China constituted 37.26% of our total raw material purchases in Fiscal 2018, 52.27% of our total raw material purchases in Fiscal 2019 and 33.27% of our total raw material purchases in Fiscal 2020. 

Similarly, if any approval or license for our API production facilities is suspended, the production and supply of APIs and the injectable pharmaceutical products could be adversely affected. We also procure APIs that are not manufactured in-house by us externally from our vendors. If, for any reason, we are unable to produce sufficient quantities of APIs ourselves or procure them from our vendors on a timely basis, the manufacture or supply of our products or exhibit batches could be disrupted, which may decrease our sales revenue or otherwise negatively impact our operations. 

We experienced API supply disruption for our Midazolam for injection product in Fiscal 2015. The API supplier, based out of India, received a warning letter from the USFDA which led us to seek alternate suppliers. The process of sourcing an alternative vendor and filing with, and receiving approval from, the USFDA for an alternate source of supply resulted in our inability to manufacture this product in Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2016 for sale in the US market. Sales revenue in Fiscal 2014 in the United States for the Midazolam for injection product was Rs. 55 million. 

Additionally, if we are unable to continue to produce APIs in a relatively cost-effective manner for reasons such as increases in the material input costs and labour costs, the increased production cost may erode some of our competitive advantage, increase our operating expenses and reduce our profit margins. 

The manufacture of certain APIs that we require for our products require dedicated facilities. We have a total of three API facilities that deliver us with in-house manufacturing capabilities for critical APIs. If problems arise during the production, storage or distribution of APIs, that batch of APIs may have to be discarded. If we are unable to produce the high quantities of APIs we require or find alternative sources of APIs in a timely manner or on commercially acceptable terms, this could, among other things, lead to increased costs, lost sales and damage to customer relations. Problems with respect to the manufacture, storage or distribution of our products could materially disrupt our business and reduce our revenues and prevent or delay us from achieving profitability. 

# **4.** **_Any manufacturing or quality control problems may disrupt our business operations, damage our reputation for high quality production and expose us to potential litigation or other liabilities, which would negatively impact our business, prospects, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Pharmaceutical manufacturers are subject to significant regulatory scrutiny in most jurisdictions. We are required to register our manufacturing facilities with regulatory authorities and our products must be made, packaged, labelled and stored in a manner consistent with cGMP stipulated by the USFDA, including under the FFDCA or similar standards in each country in, or for, which we manufacture. For our approved products, modifications, enhancements, or changes in manufacturing processes and sites may require supplemental approval from the USFDA or other governmental authorities, which may be subject to a lengthy application process or which we may be unable to obtain. 

In addition, regulatory authorities and other agencies may conduct scheduled or unscheduled periodic inspections of our manufacturing facilities to monitor our regulatory compliance. For instance, in the past, regulators such as the USFDA, ANVISA and MHRA have observed deficiencies in our equipment qualification and maintenance, pharmaceutical quality systems, computer systems, control measures for the prevention of contamination of equipment and components, organisational measures, non-compliances in relation to audits for the approval and maintenance of 

23 

APIs and maintenance of records for traceability of medicines. Following an inspection, an agency may issue a notice listing conditions that are believed to violate current good manufacturing practices or other regulations, or a warning letter for violations of regulatory significance that may result in enforcement action if not promptly and adequately cured. If any regulatory body were to require one of our facilities to cease or limit production, our business could be adversely affected. Compliance with production and quality control regulations requires substantial expenditure of resources. Failure to comply with cGMP or with other similar requirements may result in unanticipated compliance expenditures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution which could disrupt our business operations, disqualification of data derived from studies on our products and/or enforcement actions such as recall or seizure of products, civil penalties and criminal prosecutions of the company and company officials in certain countries in which we operate. 

In addition to regulatory requirements, under our contracts with customers, they have the right to inspect and audit our facilities, processes and practices after reasonable notice and at a reasonable time to ensure that our services adhere to their internal standards and the regulatory standards they must meet in the drug development and manufacturing process. Most of our customers routinely inspect and audit our facilities. If we fail to perform our services in accordance with best practices and/or our customers deem the quality of our facilities unsatisfactory in any manner, our reputation could be harmed and our customers may terminate and/or refuse to renew their contracts with us. 

We are also required to meet various quality standards and specifications for our customers under our supply contracts and quality agreements entered into with our customers, including adhering to various good manufacturing practices in the international industry and conditions imposed under statutory or regulatory approvals as well as quality certifications. We have a close focus on quality standards and are supported by a quality assurance and quality control team of 1,166 full-time employees as of June 30, 2020, representing approximately 30.96% of our total employees. Typically, disputes in connection with alleged non-conformity of our products with such quality standards and/or specifications are referred to independent testing laboratories, whose decision in that respect is typically deemed final. If any independent laboratory confirms that our products do not conform to the prescribed and/or agreed standards and/or specifications, we may have to bear the expenses of replacing such products free of charge, along with the expenses incurred with testing such products as well as any market complaint arising from quality issues relating to our products, which would adversely affect our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, under our quality agreements with customers, they have a specified time period to report defects, following which we are required to replace the product within an agreed timeline. Failure to do so subjects us to monetary penalty. We also face the risk of loss resulting from, and the adverse publicity associated with, product liability lawsuits and product recalls. Such adverse publicity could harm our ability to maintain the brand image of our products. 

# **5.** **_Our business is dependent on the sale of our products to our key customers and in key markets, particularly the United States, Europe, Canada and Australia. The loss of such customers or a significant reduction in purchases by such customers in these markets could materially adversely affect our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are dependent on our key customers having presence in the generic injectables industry in which we operate. Our top five customers accounted for 49.92%, 47.86% and 48.86% and 44.45%, respectively, of our total revenue from operations in Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020 and the three months ended June 30, 2020. In addition, the following table sets forth our revenue from operations based on the location of our customers as a percentage of our total revenue from operations for the years/period specified, as per Ind AS 108 – Operating Segments: 

||**Fiscal 2018**|**Fiscal 2019**|**Fiscal 2020**|**Three months ended**<br>**June 30, 2020**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**United States**|71.25%|62.50%|66.74%|62.61%|
|**India**|18.49%|18.97%|17.74%|14.52%|
|**Europe**|3.39%|5.38%|4.44%|3.40%|
|**Canada**|1.08%|1.12%|1.78%|2.34%|
|**Australia**|0.69%|0.44%|0.50%|0.43%|
|**Rest of the world**|5.10%|11.59%|8.80%|16.70%|



As we are dependent on our key customers for a significant portion of our sales as well as the sale of our products in the United States, Europe, Canada and Australia, the loss of such customers and such markets may materially affect our business, cash flows and results of operations. Further, the volume of sales to our customers may vary due to our customers’ attempts to manage their inventory, market demand, product and supply pricing trends and customer preferences, among others, which may result in a decrease in demand or lack of commercial success of products of which we are a major supplier, which could reduce our sales and materially adversely affect our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

**6.** **_A significant portion of our income is dependent on sales of our key injectable formulations. If the sales volume or pricing of such products declines in the future, or if we can no longer sell any of the key compounds for any reason, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be materially adversely affected._** 

24 

A significant portion of our yearly income is dependent on sales of our key injectables formulations for that year. In Fiscal 2018, 99.99% of our revenue from operations came from injectables income and this figure stood at 99.96% in Fiscal 2019, 99.64% in Fiscal 2020 and 99.51% in the three months ended June 30, 2020. Our key injectables formulations vary from year to year as a result of market demand and opportunities. As a result of increased competition, pricing pressures or fluctuation in the demand or supply of these products or products in the injectables category generally, our sales and margins from these products may decline in the future. If the sales volume or pricing of such products declines in the future, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

Furthermore, our key injectables formulations could be rendered obsolete or negatively impacted by numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including development by others of new pharmaceutical products that are more effective than ours and changes in the prescribing practices of physicians and manufacturing or supply interruptions. The manufacturing process of our products is highly complex, and we may experience problems during manufacturing for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, manufacturing quality concerns, problems with raw materials, natural disaster related events or other environmental factors. If we experience any of the abovementioned problems and are unable to sell any of these compounds in the future, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

# **7.** **_We are susceptible to product liability claims and associated risks of litigation that could expose us to material liabilities, loss in revenues and increased expenses and thus may have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Failure to obtain product liability insurance may result in us being compelled to pay substantial sums._** 

Our business exposes us to claims for injuries allegedly resulting from the use of our products. We may be held liable for, or incur costs related to, liability claims if any of our products causes injury or is found unsuitable during development, manufacture, sale or use. These risks exist even with respect to products that have received, or may in the future receive, regulatory approval for commercial use. For example, our products may have expired or cause side effects to consumers or lack adequate efficacy. In the event our products cause or are perceived to cause severe side effects, the sales of such products may decrease, which may have an adverse effect on our revenues and profitability. 

We have experienced 14 cases of product recalls in the last ten calendar years, including as a result of drug impurity, adverse side effects to customers and physical dimensional incompatibility with syringe devices. 10 instances have occurred in the last three calendar years. In nine of these 10 cases, the reason for the recall was attributed to the partners of the Company, hence the Company did not experience any financial impact. In one instance in 2018, where the reason for the recall was attributed to the Company, the financial impact has been estimated at approximately USD 17,226 (equivalent to Rs. 1.30 million) towards recall expenses. Moreover, since many of our products are directly injected into the blood-stream of the person, the consequences of expired or faulty pharmaceutical products are significantly more harmful for human health. In foreign jurisdictions, such as the United States, in which we intend to expand further for future sale and distribution of our products, precedents show that the quantum of damages, especially punitive, awarded in cases of product liability is extremely high. Deterioration in our quality controls could also result in product liability claims against us. 

Actual or claimed defects in our manufacturing facilities and/or product quality could give rise to claims, liabilities, costs and expenses, relating to loss of life, personal injury, damage to property, damage to equipment and facilities, inefficient operating processes, loss of production or suspension of operations. If a supplier fails to meet quality standards, it could also expose us to the risk of product liability claims. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities. The consequential liabilities and costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Moreover, even unsuccessful product liability claims would likely require us to spend money on litigation, divert management’s time, damage our reputation and impair the marketability of our products. 

We are required to maintain recall insurance under our customer contracts. However, our recall insurance as well as product liability insurance may not be adequate and insurance coverage may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. A product recall or product liability claim could result in liability to us greater than our insurance coverage or assets. Even if we have adequate insurance coverage, product recall or product liability claims or recalls could result in negative publicity or force us to devote significant time and attention to those matters. 

# **8.** **_Regional conflicts, civil disturbances and terrorist attacks in South Asia may have an adverse effect on our business._** 

India has, from time to time, experienced hostilities with neighbouring countries, social and civil unrest within the country and localised terror attacks. For example, in June 2020 a confrontation occurred between Indian and Chinese military forces. Any degradation in India-China political relations or any future military confrontations could result in curbs or delays on the import from China into India of materials and equipment that we require to operate our business, increases in duties on imports from China into India, curbs on the export of finished products from India to China, and negative public sentiment within India toward Chinese-owned companies such as our Company.  In addition, India 

25 

has witnessed localised terrorist attacks in the past. There can be no assurance that such situations will not recur or be more intense than in the past. 

These hostilities and tensions could lead to political or economic instability in India and a possible adverse effect on our business and future financial performance. Acts of violence, conflict, war or terrorist attacks may adversely affect markets and economic growth both globally and in India in particular. Such acts may also result in a loss of business confidence, make travel and other services more difficult and have other consequences that could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, any further deterioration in India-China or wider international relations may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. Any of these events could also create a perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse impact on our business, financial conditions, cash flows, results of operations and prospects. 

# **9.** 

# **_We intend to utilise a portion of the Net Proceeds for funding our capital expenditure requirements._** 

We intend to utilise a portion of the Net Proceeds for funding our capital expenditure requirements which includes, _inter alia_ , purchase of production equipment, R&D equipment and warehouse equipment. We have estimated the total cost of such capital expenditure to be ₹1,680 million. We have yet to place orders for the total capital expenditure. We have not entered into any definitive agreements to utilize the Net Proceeds for this object of the Offer and have relied on the quotations received from third parties for estimation of the cost. While we have obtained the quotations from various vendors in relation to such capital expenditure, most of these quotations are valid for a certain period of time and may be subject to revisions, and other commercial and technical factors. We cannot assure you that we will be able to undertake such capital expenditure within the cost indicated by such quotations or that there will not be cost escalations. For details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” at page 76. 

# **10.** **_Our management has discretion in how it may use the proceeds of the Offer. Any variation in the utilisation of our Net Proceeds would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders’ approval._** 

Our use of the proceeds of the Offer is at the discretion of the management of our Company. As described in the section titled “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 76, we intend to use the Net Proceeds for various purposes, including but not limited to, (i) funding incremental working capital requirements; (ii) funding capital expenditure requirements of the Company; and (iii) general corporate purposes. However, we have not entered into any definitive agreements and do not have any definite and specific commitments towards the aforementioned purposes for which our Company intends to use the Net Proceeds. Further, the Net Proceeds are intended to be utilized by the Company only and none of the members of our Promoter Group or Group Companies will receive any portion of the Net Proceeds. The planned use of the Net Proceeds is based on current conditions and is subject to changes in external circumstances, costs, other financial conditions or business strategies. Any variation in the planned use of the Net Proceeds  would require Shareholders’ approval and may involve considerable time or cost overrun and in such an eventuality it may adversely affect our operations or business. 

# **11.** **_The COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency, could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Since first being reported in December 2019, the outbreak of COVID-19 has spread globally. The World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 to be a public health emergency of international concern on January 30, 2020, and a global pandemic on March 11, 2020. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency could have, repercussions across regional and global economies and financial markets. The outbreak of COVID-19 in many countries, including India and the United States, has significantly and adversely impacted economic activity and has contributed to significant volatility and negative pressure in financial markets, and it is possible that the outbreak of COVID-19 will cause a prolonged global economic crisis, recession or depression, despite monetary and fiscal interventions by governments and central banks globally. 

The global impact of the outbreak has been rapidly evolving. As cases of COVID-19 have continued to be identified in additional countries, many jurisdictions, including the governments of India, the United States and the other markets in which we conduct business, have reacted by instituting restrictive measures including invoking lock downs and quarantines, requiring the closure of non-essential businesses and placing restrictions on the types of businesses that may continue to operate, mandating restrictions on travel, implementing “shelter-in-place” rules and “stay-at-home” orders, and enforcing remote working regulations. No prediction can be made of when any of the restrictions currently in place will be relaxed or expire, or whether or when further restrictions will be announced. Although some governments are beginning to ease or lift these restrictions, the impacts from the severe disruptions caused by the effective shutdown of large segments of the global economy remain unknown. 

On March 24, 2020, the Government of India ordered a national lockdown in response to the spread of COVID-19. Our business was determined to be operating in an essential industry, which allowed us to continue our operations subsequent to the introduction of the lockdown in India, subject to certain adjustments in working patterns. 

26 

There can be no assurance that there will not be any material impact on our operations if the outbreak of COVID-19 is not effectively controlled. Although some restrictions have been eased, it is not yet clear when the lockdown conditions will be fully lifted in India. Further, although we were declared an essential business and were able to adjust our business to continue operating during the lockdown, there can be no assurance that further restrictions will not be introduced or that we will continue to retain such essential status. Further, we may be required to quarantine employees that are suspected of being infected of COVID-19, as well as others that have come into contact with those employees or shut down our manufacturing facilities, which could have an adverse effect on our business operations. If any of our suppliers are affected by COVID-19 to the extent our supply chain is disrupted, this may affect our ability to meet the demand of our customers. For instance, we have experienced some disruptions in the supply of raw materials from our suppliers in China as well as an increase in transport costs as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak. 

The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency impacts our business, operations and financial results will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including: the scope, severity, and duration of the pandemic; actions taken by governments, business and individuals in response to the pandemic; the effect on customer demand for and ability to pay for our products; the impact on our capital expenditure and drug development projects; disruptions or restrictions on our employees’ and suppliers’ ability to work and travel; volatility in foreign exchange rates; any extended period of remote work arrangements; and strain on our or our customers’ business continuity plans, and resultant operational risk. 

The COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency could therefore materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **12.** **_We may not be able to sustain effective implementation of our business and growth strategy, which may adversely affect our business, cash flows and results of operations._** 

The success of our business will depend greatly on our ability to effectively implement our business and growth strategy. As part of our growth strategy, we aim to, among other things, expand our product portfolio and delivery systems to drive revenue growth; continue to invest in manufacturing and related technological capabilities to meet future demand; increase current market presence and enter new markets; align with Shanghai Fosun Pharma to increase market share; pursue strategic acquisitions and partnerships; and continue to focus on cost management. For further details, please refer to the section titled “ _Our Business – Our Strategies_ ” on page 121. 

In pursuing our growth strategy, we will require additional capital investments and cash outlays, which may have a material impact on our cash flows and results of operations. As our product portfolio and product pipeline grow, we may require additional personnel on our project management, in-house quality assurance and R&D teams to work with our partners on quality assurance, regulatory affairs and product development. As a result, our operating expenses and capital requirements may increase significantly. Our ability to manage our growth effectively requires us to forecast accurately our sales, growth and manufacturing capacity and to expend funds to improve our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. We may also be exposed to certain other risks, including difficulties arising from operating a larger and more complex organisation; the failure to (i) efficiently and optimally allocate management, technology and other resources across our organisation, (ii) compete effectively with competitors and (iii) increase our production capacity; the inability to control our costs; and unforeseen legal, regulatory, property, labour or other issues. 

For instance, as we continue our growth by expanding our manufacturing facilities and introducing new products, the construction of new manufacturing facilities and the expansion of existing manufacturing facilities are capital intensive, require significant time and are subject to certain risks that could result in delays or cost overruns, which could require us to expend additional capital and adversely affect our business and operating results. Such potential events include shortages and late delivery of building materials and facility equipment; delays in the delivery, installation, commissioning and qualification of our manufacturing equipment; seasonal factors, such as a long and intensive wet season that limits construction; labour disputes; design or construction changes with respect to building spaces or equipment layout; delays or failure in securing the necessary governmental approvals, building sites or land use rights; and technological capacity and other changes to our plans for new manufacturing facilities necessitated by changes in market conditions. Delays in the construction or expansion of any of our manufacturing facilities could result in a loss or delayed receipt of earnings and an increase in financing costs which would adversely affect our business, cash flows and results of operations. 

There can be no assurance that our growth strategy will be successfully implemented or completed or that if completed, they will result in the anticipated growth in our revenues or improvement in our results of operations. We also cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to expand further, or at the same rate. Our ability to invest in overseas or Indian companies may be constrained by Indian and foreign laws. Further, we expect our growth strategy to place significant demands on our management, financial and other resources and require us to continue developing and improving our operational, financial and other internal controls. We cannot assure you that our existing or future management, operational and financial systems, procedures and controls will be adequate to support future operations 

27 

or establish or develop business relationships beneficial to future operations. Failure to manage growth effectively may have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, results of operations and prospects. 

# **13.** **_Our business subjects us to risks in multiple countries that could materially adversely affect our business, cash flows, results of operations and prospects._** 

We operate in the United States, Europe, Canada, Australia, India and the Rest of the world. As a result of our existing and expanding international operations, we are subject to risks inherent to establishing and conducting operations on an international scale, including: 

- cost structures and language factors associated with managing and coordinating our international operations; 

- compliance with a wide range of regulatory requirements, foreign laws, including immigration, labour and tax laws; 

- ability to obtain the necessary approval from Indian authorities, the USFDA and other foreign regulatory authorities, as applicable, for the products which we intend to sell; 

- difficulty in managing foreign operations; 

- potential difficulties with respect to protection of our intellectual property rights in some countries which may result in infringement by others of our intellectual property rights; 

- social, economic, political, geopolitical conditions and adverse weather conditions, such as natural disasters, civil disturbance, terrorist attacks, war or other military action; 

- outbreaks of diseases, such as COVID-19, resulting in a widespread health crisis; and 

- fluctuation in the exchange rate. 

The growth in size or scope of our business, expansion of our footprint in existing regions in which we operate and entry into new markets also will expose us to regulatory regimes with which we have no prior direct experience and expansion into new product areas could lead to our becoming subject to additional or different laws and regulations. If any of these risks materialise, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, results of operations and prospects. 

**14.** **_Our profitability, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected in the event of increases in the price of raw materials, fuel costs, labour or other inputs, shortfall in the supply of raw materials as well as interruption in the supply of machinery and equipment required for our manufacturing facilities._** 

The costs of raw materials, fuel, labour and other inputs constitute a significant part of our total expenses. In Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020 and the three months ended June 30, 2020, our cost of materials consumed amounted to ₹7,182.98 million, ₹9,548.91 million and ₹10,902.54 million, and ₹3,055.99 million respectively. Our manufacturing operations require various raw materials including APIs that are not produced in-house by us, intermediates, primary packaging materials, such as glass ampoules, vials, glass bottles, PVC and non-PVC bags or films, rubber stoppers, and secondary packaging materials. Energy costs for operating our manufacturing facilities and other equipment also constitute a significant part of our operating expenses. Our ability to pass on increases in the purchase price of raw materials, fuel and other inputs may be limited in the case of fixed-price contracts or contracts with limited price escalation provisions. In addition, we may not be able to pass on all such cost increases to our customers. Although we seek to enter into negotiations with our customers to increase the sale prices of our products to account for increases in such costs, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in such negotiations or that any agreed price increase will fully cover the increase in such costs. Our inability to adequately adjust our customer pricing in response to increases in prices of raw materials, fuel costs, labour or other inputs in a timely manner, or at all, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Timely and cost-effective execution of our contracts is dependent on the adequate and timely supply of key raw materials. We generally make our purchases with suppliers through purchase orders. As a result, we have experienced and may in the future experience inventory shortages or price increases for certain products. We may not be able to renegotiate our pricing or delivery terms on a reasonable basis or find suitable alternative suppliers in the future, which may affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Any significant disruption in the supply of raw materials could adversely affect our ability to timely meet market demand for our products and lead to interruption in our business operations. 

Further, we rely on a number of international suppliers to provide machinery and equipment for our manufacturing facilities to us which subjects us to risks, including: 

28 

- we are not a major customer of many of our suppliers, and these suppliers may prioritise other customers over us; 

- our suppliers, especially new suppliers, may make errors in manufacturing components that could negatively affect the efficacy or safety of our products, or cause delays in shipment; 

- we may have difficulty in locating appropriate alternative suppliers; 

- our suppliers may encounter financial hardships unrelated to our demand for components, which could impede their ability to fulfil our orders and meet our requirements. 

Any interruption in the supply of our machinery and equipment, or our inability to obtain substitute machinery and equipment meeting our quality standards from alternative sources at acceptable prices in a timely manner, could impair our ability to manufacture products to meet the demands of our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **15.** **_If we are unable to protect our intellectual property and proprietary information, or if we infringe the intellectual property rights of others, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 



As of June 30, 2020, we owned 66 registered trademarks, including our logo, , and had a total of 12 patent applications that have been granted. We have trademark and patent applications pending, any of which may be subject to governmental or third-party objection, which could prevent the maintenance or issuance of the same. We may not always be able to safeguard the same from infringement or passing off, both domestically and internationally, since we have operations in several countries and may not be able to respond to infringement or passing off activity occurring without our knowledge. Certain proprietary knowledge may be leaked, either inadvertently or wilfully, at various stages of the production process. In the event that the confidential technical or proprietary information in respect of our products or business becomes available to third parties or to the general public, any competitive advantage we may have over other companies in the generic injectables industry could be compromised. Moreover, our existing trademarks and patents may expire, and there can be no assurance that we will renew them after expiry. 

We seek to launch generic pharmaceutical products either where patent protection or other regulatory exclusivity of equivalent branded products have expired, where patents have been declared invalid or where products do not infringe on the patents of others. However, due to our marketing and distribution activities in many parts of the world, we may manufacture or sell products that infringe intellectual property rights of others that could subject us to potentially highvalue claims for infringement. The manufacture, use and sale of generic versions of products has been subject to substantial litigation in the pharmaceutical industry which mostly relate to the validity and infringement of patents or proprietary rights of third parties. If our products were found to be infringing on the intellectual property rights of a third-party, we could be required to cease selling the infringing products, causing us to lose future sales revenue from such products and face substantial liabilities for patent infringement, in the form of either payment for the innovator’s lost profits or a royalty on our sales of the infringing product. Further, our customers have the right to terminate license and supply agreements entered with us if the commercial or intellectual property misappropriates or violates the intellectual property right of a third party. These damages may be significant and could materially adversely affect our business. Any litigation, regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, would be costly and time consuming and we could incur significant costs and/or a significant reduction in revenue in defending the action and from the resulting delays in manufacturing, marketing or selling any of our products subject to such claims. Our insurance cover may also not extend to these claims or sufficiently cover them. 

# **16.** **_If we do not successfully develop new products or continue our product portfolio expansion in a timely and costeffective manner, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

Our future results of operations depend, to a significant degree, on our ability to successfully develop new products and continue our product portfolio expansion in a timely and cost-effective manner. We have established a portfolio of injectable products developed independently by us across various therapeutic areas. The development and commercialisation of new products are complex, time-consuming, costly and involves a high degree of business risk. In Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020 and the three months ended June 30, 2020, our research and development expenses were ₹614.85 million, ₹965.81 million and ₹921.87 million and ₹252.04 million, constituting 5.25%, 6.69% and 5.18% and 5.08% of our total expenses for the relevant periods, respectively. We may encounter unexpected delays in the launch of these products or these products, if and when fully commercialised by our marketing partners, may not perform as we expect. 

The success of our new product offerings will depend on several factors, including our ability to properly anticipate customer needs; obtain timely regulatory approvals; establish collaborations with suppliers and customers; develop and manufacture our products in a timely and cost-effective manner through our R&D efforts; and successfully market and sell our products. In addition, the development and commercialisation of new products is characterised by significant upfront costs, including costs associated with R&D, product development activities, obtaining regulatory 

29 

approvals, building inventory and sales and marketing. Our planned investments in new manufacturing facilities and equipment for future expansion could result in higher costs, especially in the event of cost overruns, without a proportionate increase in revenues. Furthermore, the development and commercialisation of new products is subject to inherent risks, including the possibility that any new product may: 

- fail to receive or encounter unexpected delays in obtaining necessary regulatory approvals; 

- be difficult or impossible to manufacture on a large scale; 

- be uneconomical to market; 

- fail to be developed prior to the successful marketing of similar or superior products by third parties; and 

- infringe on the proprietary rights of third parties. 

# **17.** **_Our manufacturing facilities are located in the southern Indian states of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana. Any delay in production at, or shutdown of, any of these facilities may adversely affect our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition._** 

As of June 30, 2020, our manufacturing activities were conducted at seven manufacturing facilities in the southern Indian states of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana, and any significant social, political or economic disruption or natural calamities or civil disruptions or changes in the policies of these states or local governments could require us to incur significant capital expenditure and change our business strategy. If we experience delays in production or shutdowns at any or all of these facilities due to any reason, including political instability, disruptions caused by natural disasters, epidemics or disputes with the workforce, our ability to manufacture our products may be significantly affected, which in turn would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

In addition, we depend on domestic and international vendors to supply necessary raw materials and equipment that we require for our manufacturing facilities. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to obtain raw materials and equipment on commercially acceptable terms, or at all, or that our vendors will continue to enter into or honour their commitments. Our inability to continue to obtain raw material and equipment and raw materials, in a timely manner, could lead to the slowdown or shut-down of our operations or the under-utilization of our manufacturing facilities, which in turn may have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. For further details, see " _Risk Factors_ – _Our profitability, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected in the event of increases in the price of raw materials, fuel costs, labour or other inputs, shortfall in the supply of raw materials as well as interruption in the supply of machinery and equipment required for our manufacturing facilities_ ” on page 28. 

Further, if any regulatory body were to require one of our manufacturing facilities to cease or limit production, our business could be adversely affected. Since regulatory approval to manufacture a drug is site-specific, the delay and cost of obtaining approval to manufacture at a different facility also could adversely affect our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. Any material disruption at our manufacturing facilities, including but not limited to power failure, fire, strikes, lock-outs and unexpected mechanical failure of equipment, could reduce our ability to meet the conditions of our contracts and earnings for the affected period, which could in turn affect our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

While we have not experienced any material disruptions at our manufacturing facilities in the past, we cannot assure you that there will not be any disruptions in our operations in the future. Our inability to effectively respond to such events and rectify any disruption, in a timely manner and at an acceptable cost, could lead to the slowdown or shutdown of our operations or the under-utilization of our manufacturing facilities, which in turn may have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **18.** **_We require certain approvals and licenses in the ordinary course of business, and the failure to obtain or retain them in a timely manner may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

We are required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory licenses, permits and approvals for carrying out our business and for each of our manufacturing facilities under various central, state and local governmental rules and regulations in India. A majority of these approvals are granted for a limited duration and require renewal. For further details, please refer to the section titled “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 274 . We cannot assure you that the renewals to such approvals will be issued or granted to us in a timely manner, or at all. If we do not receive such approvals or are not able to renew the approvals in a timely manner, our business and operations may be materially adversely affected. 

Further, the licenses, permits and approvals required by us are subject to several conditions and we cannot assure you that we will be able to continuously meet such conditions, which may lead to cancellation, revocation or suspension of the relevant licenses, permits and approvals. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations 

30 

or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased compliance costs, be subject to penalties, have our licenses, approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which may materially adversely affect our business, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **19.** **_Our Company and one of our Promoters are involved in certain legal proceedings. Any adverse decision in such proceedings may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations_** . 

We are involved in certain legal proceedings which are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and other authorities. The details of such outstanding litigation involving our Company and one of our Promoters, Shanghai Fosun Pharma, are provided below: 

||<br>|_(in ₹ million, unless otherwise specified)_<br>|
|---|---|---|
|**Nature of cases**|**No. of cases**|**Total amount involved**<sup>**^**</sup>|
|**Litigation involving our Company**|||
|**_Against our Company_**|||
|_Material civil litigation proceedings_|1|Not quantifiable|
|_Criminal cases_|Nil|Nil|
|_Action taken by statutory and regulatory authorities_|7|18.50|
|_Taxation cases_|11|77.01*|
|**_By our Company_**|||
|_Civil cases_|1|Not quantifiable|
|_Criminal cases_|Nil|Nil|
|**Litigation involving our Promoters**|||
|**_Against our Promoters_**|||
|_Civil cases_|Nil|Nil|
|_Criminal cases_|Nil|Nil|
|_Action taken by statutory and regulatory authorities_|Nil|Nil|
|_Taxation cases_|Nil|Nil|
|**_By our Promoters_**||_(in US$ million)_|
|_Civil cases_|1|40|
|_Criminal cases_|Nil|Nil|



_^ To the extent ascertainable_ 

_* Including an aggregate amount of ₹29.43 million pre-deposited by our Company with the relevant indirect tax authorities, and an amount of ₹16.76 million pre-deposited by our Company with the relevant income tax authority._ 

Further, certain regulatory and statutory authorities have in the past taken actions against our Company. For instance, the Employees State Insurance Corporation (“ **ESI Corporation** ”) has issued notices in relation to remittance of employee state insurance contribution in respect of field staff from April, 2006 to July, 2010, and claiming a certain amount as employee state insurance contribution for marketing field staff of our Company. Further, certain power distribution companies have issued demand notices in respect of fuel surcharge adjustment charges for electricity consumed at certain of our facilities. Legal proceedings pertaining to such matters are pending at the relevant high courts. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on pages 269 to 271. 

We can give no assurance that these legal proceedings will be decided in our favour or in favour of our Promoter. Such proceedings could divert our management’s time and attention and consume financial resources. Any adverse order or direction in these cases by the concerned authorities even though not quantifiable, could have a material adverse impact on our business and reputation. Any fine or imprisonment may adversely affect our business, prospects, cash flows, results of operations and reputation. 

# **20.** **_We have contingent liabilities and our financial condition could be adversely affected if any of these contingent liabilities materialises._** 

As of June 30, 2020, our Restated Financial Information disclosed the following contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37 – Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets: 

||_(in ₹ million)_|
|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**As at June 30, 2020**|
|Outstanding bank guarantees (excluding performance obligations)|18.24|
|Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debts|31.78|
|Demand for direct taxes|16.76|
|Demand for indirect taxes||
|Entry tax|46.95|
|Service tax|7.99|
|ValueAddedTaxand CST|5.30|



# **Provident Fund** 

There are numerous interpretative issues relating to the Supreme Court judgement on provident fund dated February 28, 2019. As a matter of caution, our Company has accordingly made the payments for the current year. Our Company will update its position, on receiving further clarity on the subject. 

31 

The aggregate contingent liabilities were ₹127.02 million as of June 30, 2020. If any of these contingent liabilities materialises or if at any time we are compelled to pay all or a material proportion of these contingent liabilities, it may have an adverse effect on our financial condition, profitability and cash flows. 

# **21.** **_There are certain outstanding legal proceedings involving our Equity Shares. Any adverse decision in such proceedings may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

There are certain outstanding legal proceedings involving our Equity Shares. In 2018, S. Kanaka Durga filed a petition before the City Civil Court at Hyderabad against PVN Raju, K. Jhansi Lakshmi, Surya Trust and our Company alleging, among other things, that 53,900 equity shares of face value of ₹10 each (currently 539,000 Equity Shares of face value of ₹1 each) (the “ **Disputed Equity Shares** ”) held by her were fraudulently transferred in favour of Surya Trust. Further, the petitioner has claimed that she was unaware of the sub-division of the face value of equity shares undertaken by the Company on December 5, 1994 and alleged that she has not received new share certificates pursuant to such sub-division which increased the number of equity shares held by her in the Company to 53,900 equity shares of face value ₹10 each. Our Company has undertaken corporate actions in relation to the Disputed Equity Shares in the past, including a rights issue on July 27, 2000 and sub-division of the face value of such equity shares on March 17, 2020. The Disputed Equity Shares represent 0.35% of our pre-Offer paid up Equity Share capital and are currently held by Fosun Singapore. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 268. Any adverse order or direction in this case by the concerned authorities, could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operation. 

Our Company received a letter dated August 4, 2010 from the Deputy Director, Directorate of Enforcement, Government of India (“ **ED** ” and such letter, the “ **2010 ED Letter** ”) for the attachment of 600,000 equity shares of face value of ₹10 each of our Company (currently 6,000,000 Equity Shares of face value of ₹1 each) (the “ **Attached Shares** ”), which were held by 10 companies which were set up by B. Ramalinga Raju and his family members. The 2010 ED Letter was sent by the ED in furtherance to an order dated July 21, 2010 (“ **Order** ”) passed by the Adjudicating Authority under certain provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002. The 2010 ED Letter directed the Company to not to transfer, dispose, remove, part with or otherwise deal with the Attached Shares in any manner whatsoever, unless specifically permitted to do so by the ED. The Company, pursuant to its letter dated March 16, 2020, informed the ED of the sub-division of the face value of the equity shares on March 17, 2020. The ED, pursuant to its letter dated June 16, 2020 (“ **2020 ED Letter** ”), directed the Company to transfer such sub-divided Equity Shares of the aforementioned 10 companies to the demat account of the ED. The Company is in the process of complying with the directions of the 2020 ED Letter. The Attached Shares represent 3.87% of our pre-Offer paid up Equity Share capital and are currently held by 10 companies that are not related to our Company, our Promoters, our Promoter Group, our Directors or our Key Managerial Personnel. Our Company intends and undertakes to follow the 2010 ED Letter and 2020 ED Letter involving the Attached Shares. Our Company has filed an exemption application dated July 10, 2020 (“ **Application** ”) with the Securities and Exchange Board of India, seeking exemption from the strict applicability of Regulation 17 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, specifically in relation to the lock-in of the Attached Shares for a period of one year from the date of allotment in the Offer. The Application was acceded to by SEBI pursuant to its letter dated October 19, 2020.  Any non-compliance with the 2010 ED Letter and 2020 ED Letter could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, financial condition, cash flows and results of operation. 

# **22.** **_We have not been able to obtain certain records of the educational qualifications of two of our Directors and have relied on affidavits and declarations furnished by such Directors for details of their profiles included in this Red Herring Prospectus._** 

Our Chairman and Independent Director, Yiu Kwan Stanley Lau and our Independent Director, Essaji Goolam Vahanvati, have been unable to trace copies of documents pertaining to their respective educational qualifications, namely the bachelor’s degree in pharmacy from the University of London of Yiu Kwan Stanley Lau, and the bachelor’s degree in law from Government Law College, Mumbai University of Essaji Goolam Vahanvati. Accordingly, reliance has been placed on affidavits and declarations furnished by them to us and the BRLMs to disclose details of their respective educational qualifications in this Red Herring Prospectus. We and the BRLMs have been unable to independently verify these details prior to inclusion in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, there can be no assurances that such Directors will be able to trace the relevant documents pertaining to their educational qualifications in future, or at all. 

# **23.** **_Our markets are highly competitive, both globally and domestically, and if we are unable to compete successfully against existing or new competitors, our revenues could decline and our future profitability could be affected._** 

The injectables pharmaceutical market is highly competitive. According to the IQVIA Report, injectable manufacturers face high entry barriers such as high capital investments, operational costs, manufacturing complexities, stricter compliance requirement (because of the sterile nature of products) and high-quality standards resulting in limited competition in the market Growing competition in the domestic and/or international markets may subject us to pricing pressures and require us to reduce the prices of our products and services in order to retain or attract customers, which may have a material adverse effect on our revenues and profit margins. Our competitors who are 

32 

focused on the B2B generic injectables market include large pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and generic drug companies. According to the IQVIA Report, our principal competitors include Recipharm AB, Catalent, Inc., Lonza Group AG and Piramal Pharma Solutions. Such competitors may have access to greater financial, marketing, technical and other resources. As a result, they may be able to devote more resources to the development, manufacture, marketing and sale of their products, receive more support from independent distributors, initiate or withstand substantial price competition or more readily take advantage of acquisition or other opportunities. Such competitors may also pursue the development of injectables in-house which may reduce our commercial opportunity. 

In addition to competition from established market participants, new entrants to the generic injectables pharmaceutical market could substantially reduce our market share or render our products obsolete. Most of our products are generic injectable versions of branded products and we are dependent on the loss of patent protection and exclusivity of such products for the commercialisation of our products. As patents for branded products and related exclusivity periods expire or are ruled invalid, the first generic pharmaceutical manufacturer to receive regulatory approval for a generic version of the reference product is generally able to achieve significant market penetration and higher margins on that product as such manufacturer will be granted a 180-day period of marketing exclusivity by the USFDA. As competing generic manufacturers receive regulatory approval on specific product, market share, revenue and gross profit typically decline for the original generic entrant. In addition, as more competitors enter into a specific generic market, the average selling price per unit dose of the particular product typically declines for all competitors. Our ability to sustain our level of market share, revenue and gross profit attributable to a particular generic pharmaceutical product is significantly influenced by the number of competitors in that product’s market and the timing of that product’s regulatory approval and launch in relation to competing approvals and launches. 

The launch of our generic products could also be delayed because branded drug manufacturers may, among other things: 

- make last minute modifications to existing product claims and labels, thereby requiring generic products to reflect this change prior to the drug being approved and introduced in the market; 

- file new patents for existing products prior to the expiration of a previously issued patent, which could extend patent protection for additional years; 

- file patent infringement suits which may result in delay for a specific period in the approval of generic versions by the relevant authorities; 

- develop and market their own generic versions of their products, either directly or through other generic pharmaceutical companies, which are known as authorised generics; 

- make changes in the overall product formulation, which would require fresh development and approval processes for such products; and 

- switch product availability from a prescription-only to an over-the-counter basis, which would require relabelling and further regulatory approvals. 

In addition, there may also be significant consolidation in the pharmaceutical industry among our competitors, or alliances developed among competitors that may rapidly acquire significant market share. If we fail to effectively compete with our competitors or adjust to structural changes in the pharmaceutical industries, our revenue and profitability may be materially and adversely affected. 

# **24.** **_Certain of our Directors are associated with companies engaged in similar lines of business to our Company. Any conflict of interest which may occur between our business and the activities undertaken by such companies, could adversely affect our business and prospects._** 

Satyanarayana Murthy Chavali, an Independent Director on our Board, is an independent director on the board of Gland Chemicals Private Limited, and a director on the board of Balaji Amines Limited, a supplier of pharmaceutical intermediates and solvents to the pharmaceutical industry. He is also a director in Satyarx Pharma Innovations Private Limited, a pharmaceutical new chemical entity research organization. Further, Udo Johannes Vetter, a Non-Executive Nominee Director on our Board, is the chairman of Vetter Pharma-Fertigung GmbH and Co. KG. He is also a director on the board of Navigo Proteins GmbH & Co. K.G., Germany, a bio-tech company and ITM AG Germany. Further, our Chairman and Independent Director, Yiu Kwan Stanley Lau, is a director on the boards of Solasia Pharma K.K. and TaiLai Bioscience Ltd. These entities are in similar lines of business to our Company, and there can be no assurance that conflicts of interest will not occur between our business and the businesses of such entities, which could have an adverse effect on our business and prospects. 

33 

**25.** **_We may be required to conduct clinical trials for some of our products in the future. Clinical drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with uncertain outcomes, and we may be unable to achieve successful results in our clinical trials._** 

Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the sale of some of our drug candidates in the future, we may be required to conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our drug candidates in humans. Clinical trials are expensive, difficult to design and implement, can take many years to complete and are uncertain as to the outcomes. A failure of one or more of our clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. 

We may also experience numerous adverse events during clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to successfully complete clinical trials, including: 

- regulators may not authorise us or our investigators to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at a prospective trial site; 

- clinical trials of our drug candidates may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical trials or abandon the relevant drug development programmes; 

- patient enrolment may be insufficient or slower than we anticipate or patients may drop out at a higher rate than we anticipate; 

- we might have to suspend or terminate clinical trials of our drug candidates for various reasons, including a finding of a lack of clinical response or a finding that participants are being exposed to unacceptable health risks; 

- regulators or ethics committees may require that we or our investigators suspend or terminate clinical trials for various reasons, including non-compliance with regulatory requirements; 

- the cost of clinical trials of our drug candidates may be greater than we anticipate and we may not be able to obtain sufficient funding to complete our clinical trials; 

- the supply or quality of our drug candidates or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials of our drug candidates may be insufficient or inadequate; and 

- our drug candidates may cause adverse events, have undesirable side effects or other unexpected characteristics, which cause us or our investigators to suspend or terminate the trials and may have an adverse financial impact on us. 

# **26.** **_The availability of spurious pharmaceutical products could lead to losses in revenues and harm the reputation of our products, which may in turn result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

We are exposed to the risk that our products could be pirated and marketed illegally under our B2C business model. Counterfeit products are frequently unsafe or ineffective, and can be potentially life-threatening. To distributors and patients, counterfeit products may be visually indistinguishable from the authentic version. The availability of counterfeit products would not only result in losses in revenues for our products, but could also harm the reputation of our brand name. In the event that spurious products are manufactured or sold using the “Gland Pharma” brand, we may have to establish that the spurious products are not manufactured and/or marketed by us so that we are able to limit our liability. In order to do so, we have implemented a track and trace system for our products wherever required. We also mark our products with specific batch numbers, manufacturing locations and manufacturing and expiry dates, which are maintained in an internal database at our manufacturing facilities. We cannot provide any assurance whether these will be replicated by the manufacturer of the spurious products, and therefore, may suffer financial losses as well as loss to our reputation, which may in turn result in a material adverse effect on our goodwill, business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **27.** **_Reforms in the healthcare industry and the uncertainty associated with pharmaceutical pricing, reimbursement and related matters could adversely affect the marketing, pricing and demand for our products._** 

Our success will depend in part on the extent to which government and health administration authorities, private health insurers and other third-party payers will pay for our products. Increasing expenditures for healthcare has been the subject of considerable public attention in almost every jurisdiction where we conduct business. Both private and governmental entities are seeking ways to reduce or contain healthcare costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement for new therapeutic products. In many countries in which we currently operate, including India, pharmaceutical prices are subject to regulation. Price controls operate differently in different countries and can cause wide variations in prices between markets. Currency fluctuations can aggravate these differences. The existence of price controls can limit the revenues we earn from our products. For example, in India, prices of certain pharmaceutical 

34 

products are determined by the Drug Prices Control Order (“ **DPCO** ”), promulgated by the Indian government and administered by the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (“ **NPPA** ”). If the prices of more of our products are administered or determined by the DPCO or NPPA or other similar authorities outside India, it would have an adverse impact on our profitability. 

# **28.** **_We are dependent upon the experience and skill of our management team and key employees. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, our results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected._** 

Our business and operations are led by a highly qualified, experienced and capable management team. We are also supported by qualified personnel possessing a range of qualifications including scientific, pharmacy post graduate and graduate, the loss of whose services may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives. Competition among pharmaceutical companies for qualified employees, particularly R&D personnel, is intense and the ability to retain and attract qualified individuals is critical to our success. As of June 30, 2020, we had 239 employees in R&D, representing approximately 6.35% of our total employees. Although the attrition rate of our employees was 16.0%, 15.0% and 18.0% and 14.0% in Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020 and the three months ended June 30, 2020, respectively, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to recruit and retain qualified and capable employees. 

Our success significantly depends upon the continued service of our management and key personnel. If we lose the services of any of the management team or key personnel, we may be unable to locate suitable or qualified replacements, and may incur additional expenses to recruit and train new personnel, which could adversely affect our business operations and ability to continue to manage and expand our business. Furthermore, as we expect to continue to expand our operations and develop new products, we will need to continue to attract and retain experienced management, R&D and sales personnel. 

Moreover, we do not maintain key person insurance to insure against the loss of key personnel. There can be no assurance that we will be able to retain and attract such individuals in the future on acceptable terms, or at all, and the failure to do so may have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **29.** **_Our Company was incorporated in 1978 and we are unable to trace some of our historical corporate records and letters from the RBI. We cannot assure you that no legal proceedings or regulatory actions will be initiated against our Company in future in relation to the missing corporate records and letters from the RBI, which may impact our financial condition and reputation._** 

Our records date back to 1978 when our Company was originally incorporated. We are unable to trace certain old secretarial and other corporate records in relation to certain allotments and subdivision of equity shares of our Company from 1994 to 2007, including (i) shareholders resolution approving the sub-division of equity shares from a face value of ₹100 each to ₹10 each on December 5, 1994; (ii) board resolutions authorizing the issuance of equity shares for the allotments dated April 20, 1995, June 26, 1996, July 30, 1996, March 24, 1997, November 21, 1997, December 31, 1997, March 31, 1998, January 31, 2001, February 8, 2001, March 20, 2001 and September 1, 2007; (iii) shareholders resolutions authorising the issuance of equity shares for the allotments dated April 20, 1995, June 26, 1996, July 30, 1996, March 24, 1997 and September 1, 2007; (iv) board resolutions evidencing the balance calls on the equity shares for allotments dated December 3, 1979, December 31, 1984 and April 20, 1995; (v) circular resolution of the Board in relation to the allotment of equity shares on November 21, 1997; (vi) share transfer committee resolution dated July 27, 2000 allotting the equity shares on  a rights basis; and (vii) in relation to the allotment of equity shares on September 1, 2007, the board and shareholders resolution authorizing the issuance of equity shares on a preferential basis, notice calling for a general meeting along with explanatory statement, auditors certificate/practicing company secretary certificate as required under the Unlisted Public Companies (Preferential Allotment) Rules, 2003, board resolution evidencing allotment of equity shares, the requisite form filings and documents evidencing such allotment being made on a non-repatriation basis. 

Despite conducting searches of our internal records and the records maintained by the jurisdictional RoC for the aforesaid secretarial and other corporate documents and records, we have not been able to trace the aforementioned documents. Accordingly, we have relied on other documents, including statutory registers of members and audited financial statements for the periods to which such documents relate, for such matters. 

Further, we are unable to trace certain letters from the RBI, including letters issued by RBI providing final approval under FERA for the allotment of equity shares to certain non-residents on December 31, 1997 and March 31, 1998 and the letter issued by RBI acknowledging the filing of form FC-GPR and issuance of Equity Shares to non-residents in relation to the allotment of equity shares dated March 20, 2001. 

While no legal proceedings or regulatory action has been initiated against our Company in relation to untraceable secretarial and other corporate records and documents as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we cannot assure you that such legal proceedings or regulatory actions will not be initiated against our Company in future. We cannot assure you that such untraceable secretarial and other corporate records and documents will be available with us in future. Although no regulatory action/litigation is pending against us in relation to such untraceable secretarial and 

35 

other corporate records and documents, we cannot assure you that we will not be subject to penalties imposed by regulatory authorities in this respect. 

# **30.** **_Timely and successful implementation of our contracts, including our business arrangements, is dependent on our performance. Delay or failure in delivery of our products may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Contracts with our customers and others require us to supply our products in compliance with specific delivery schedules. Our failure to adhere to contractually agreed timelines may have the following consequences: 

- delayed payment to us for our products; 

- imposition of penalties; 

- reduction in royalty/profit share payments due to us; 

- reimbursement of milestone payments by us; 

- indemnification by us for the loss suffered by our customer arising out of defects in the products supplied by us or delay in shipments; 

- claims may be brought against us for losses suffered as a result of our non-performance; 

- our customer(s) may cancel individual orders under such contracts or terminate our contract(s); and 

- our reputation may be damaged. 

Failure on our part to deliver our products on a timely basis or at all, for any reason, could result in one or a number of the above listed consequences, which in turn may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

Our licensing and supply agreements with business partners contain provisions that require us to provide such partners with certain quantities of our products. Any interruption in the supply by third party suppliers of raw materials or any disruptions in production at our manufacturing facilities could result in our failure to supply certain quantities of our products and breach of our contractual obligations with such partners.  Should we fail to meet specified supply levels, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

# **31.** **_We may not be able to correctly assess the demand for our products, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Our production and distribution processes require us to anticipate the demand for our products based on the feedback received from our own marketing personnel, distributors and partners. Accurate assessment of market demand requires significant investment in our sales and marketing network and training of marketing personnel. There is no guarantee that our estimate of market demand in India or foreign countries in which we sell our products will be accurate. In the event that we overestimate the demand for our products, we may have expended resources in manufacturing excess products and paid taxes, export costs, insurance costs, distribution expenses, storage and warehousing and other related expenditures. Our products have a limited expiry period and in the event of excess production, we might have to bear the cost of expiry and destruction of these goods. In the event that we underestimate the market demand, or fail to order a sufficient volume of supplies and input materials from our third-party suppliers, we may be unable to meet customer orders and lose out on sales opportunities that our competitors may capitalise on. Failure to meet customer orders may also occur because existing manufacturing facilities and other equipment do not have sufficient capacity or we have an inaccurate level of inventory holding. Accordingly, any incorrect assessment of the demand for our products may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **32.** **_If we fail to keep pace with evolving technological standards in the pharmaceutical industry, create new products or intellectual property, or respond to changes in market demand or customer requirements, our business and financial results could be adversely affected._** 

The pharmaceutical industry is characterised by rapid advancements in technology fuelled by high expenses incurred on R&D. These advancements result in the frequent introduction of new products and significant price competition. To meet our customers’ needs as well as keep pace with our competitors, we regularly update existing technology and develop new technology for our pharmaceutical manufacturing activities. However, rapid and frequent advancements in technology and market demand changes can often render existing technologies and equipment obsolete, requiring substantial new capital expenditures and/or write-downs of assets. While we strive to keep our technology, facilities and machinery current with the latest international standards, the technologies, facilities and machinery we currently employ may become obsolete. The cost of implementing new technologies and upgrading our manufacturing facilities as well as R&D could be significant and higher than initially anticipated and could adversely affect our business, 

36 

prospects, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, when we develop a new product or an advanced version of an existing product, we may encounter obstacles that may delay development and consequently increase our expenses, and we typically incur significant costs and effort upfront to market, promote and sell the new product offering. 

The commercial success of the products and technologies we develop will depend upon the acceptance of these products by customers and competition in the market. It is difficult for us to predict whether recently introduced products, or the products that we are currently developing, will be commercially successful. If our new products or enhancements do not achieve adequate acceptance in the market, this may ultimately force us to abandon a potential product in which we have already invested substantial time and resources, and our competitive position will be impaired, our revenue will be diminished and the effect on our operating results may be particularly acute because of the significant research, development, marketing, sales and other expenses we will have incurred in connection with the new product or enhancement. 

In addition, our competitors may have filed patent applications or hold patents relating to products or processes which compete with those we are developing. As of June 30, 2020, we had 12 patent applications granted and nine patent applications pending. There is no guarantee that our pending applications will result in any patent being granted, or that the patents we have been granted will result in the commercialisation of products. 

# **33.** **_We rely extensively on our operational support systems, including quality assurance systems, quality control systems, products processing systems and information technology systems, the failure of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

We depend extensively on the capacity and reliability of the quality assurance, quality control, product development and information technology systems supporting our operations. Our systems are subject to damage or incapacitation by natural disasters, human error, power loss, sabotage, computer viruses, hacking, acts of terrorism and similar events or the loss of support services from third parties. Any failure or disruption in the operation of these systems or the loss of data due to such failure or disruption may affect our ability to plan, track, record and analyse work in progress and sales, process financial information, manage product lifecycle, payables and inventory or otherwise conduct our normal business operations, which may increase our costs and materially adversely affect our business, cash flows and results of operations. There can be no assurance that we will not encounter disruptions in the future. Any disruption in the use of, or damage to, our systems may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **34.** **_Our business success depends on the strength of our brand, product image and reputation. Any failure to maintain and enhance, or any damage to, our brand, product image or reputation could materially and adversely affect the level of market recognition of, and trust in, our products._** 

We consider that our success depends to a significant extent on our brand, product image and reputation. We consider both “Gland Pharma” and “Fosun Pharma” brands to have a strong image, with a reputation for high quality and reliability. If we or those distributors who operate under our brand fail to maintain and enhance, or if there is any damage to, our or our marketing partners’ brand image or reputation, the demand for our products may be materially and adversely affected. 

Many factors that are important to maintaining and enhancing our brand, product image and reputation are not entirely within our control, and such factors may materially and adversely affect our brand, product image and reputation. Such factors include, among other things, our ability to continue to: 

- effectively control our product quality and effectiveness; 

- increase brand recognition among existing and potential customers through various means of marketing and promotional activities; and 

- effectively protect our trademarks and trade names. 

Furthermore, any negative publicity in relation to our products damage our brand, product image and reputation. It is an inherent business risk that the treatments using our products may lead to undesirable or unexpected outcomes, including complications, injuries and even deaths in extreme cases. Such undesirable or unexpected outcomes may lead to complaints, claims, and/or legal actions against us which may materially and adversely affect our brand, product image and reputation. 

**35.** **_We have significant working capital requirements. If we experience insufficient cash flows to fund our working capital requirements or if we are not able to provide collateral to obtain letters of credit, bank guarantees, and performance bonds in sufficient quantities, there may be an adverse effect on our business, cash flows and results of operations._** 

37 

Our business requires significant working capital including in connection with our manufacturing operations and our development of new products. We intend to utilise ₹7,695.00 million (a part of the Net Proceeds) towards funding our incremental working capital requirements in Fiscals 2021 and 2022. The actual amount of our future capital requirements may differ from estimates as a result of, among other factors, unforeseen delays or cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, economic conditions, technological changes, additional market developments and new opportunities in the generic injectables industry. 

Our sources of additional financing, where required to meet our working capital needs, may include the incurrence of debt, the issue of equity or debt securities or a combination of both. If we decide to raise additional funds through the incurrence of debt, our interest and debt repayment obligations will increase, which may have a significant effect on our profitability and cash flows. We may also become subject to additional covenants, which could limit our ability to access cash flows from operations and undertake certain types of transactions. In addition, to the extent we receive credit ratings in respect of any of our future borrowings, any subsequent downgrade in those credit ratings may increase interest rates for our future borrowings, which would increase our cost of borrowings and adversely affect our ability to borrow on a competitive basis. Any issuance of equity, on the other hand, would result in a dilution of the shareholding of existing shareholders. 

In many cases, a significant amount of our working capital is required to finance the purchase of raw materials and the development and manufacturing of products before payment is received from customers. Our working capital requirements may increase if the payment terms in our agreements include reduced advance payments or longer payment schedules. These factors may result, and have in the past resulted, in increases in the amount of our receivables and may result in increases in any future short-term borrowings. Continued increases in our working capital requirements may have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.  In addition, it is customary in our industry to provide bank guarantees or performance bonds in favour of government authorities and government hospitals to secure tenders. Letters of credit are also often required to satisfy payment obligations to suppliers and sub-contractors. If we are unable to provide sufficient collateral to secure the letters of credit, bank guarantees or performance bonds, our ability to obtain tenders and enter into new contracts or obtain adequate supplies could be limited. Providing security to obtain letters of credit, bank guarantees and performance bonds increases our working capital needs. We may not be able to continue obtaining letters of credit, bank guarantees, and performance bonds in sufficient quantities to match our business requirements. Any such situation would adversely affect our business, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **36.** **_Any relevant policy changes may have an adverse effect on us._** 

Increasing expenditures for healthcare have been the subject of considerable public debate in India, the United States and other countries in which we sell our products. If our or our marketing partners’ ability to freely set prices for our products is restricted by government regulation, healthcare legislation and pressure from third party payers, our profits will be reduced. Both private and governmental entities are seeking to find ways to reduce or contain healthcare costs. We intend to maintain our focus and priority on the United States, Europe, Canada and Australia, while continuing to pursue growth opportunities in the Rest of the world such as Brazil, China, Africa as well as in India. In India, the GoI has been actively reviewing prices for pharmaceuticals and margins offered to trade which has resulted in certain segments of the industry agreeing to a price-freeze for a certain period of time. Although these steps by the GoI have not substantially affected our revenue or profits to date, we cannot assure you that they will not adversely affect us in the future. We cannot predict the nature of the measures that may be adopted by governmental and private organisations or their impact on our revenues. If healthcare legislation or third party payer influence results in lower pharmaceutical prices, although the demand for our generic pharmaceuticals may increase, our overall revenues may decrease and our profits could be adversely affected. 

In addition, governments throughout the world heavily regulate the marketing of our products. Most countries also place restrictions on the manner and scope of permissible marketing to physicians, pharmacies and other healthcare professionals. The effect of such regulations may limit the amount of revenue that we may be able to derive from a particular product. Moreover, if we fail to comply fully with such regulations, then civil or criminal actions could be brought against us. 

# **37.** **_Conflicts of interest may arise out of the relevant business undertaken by our Company and our Promoters._** 

Both our Company and Shanghai Fosun Pharma undertake pharmaceutical businesses. There is a delineation between the businesses of our Company and Shanghai Fosun Pharma given differences in the respective business models of both companies as well as in the geographic locations in which both companies undertake their respective business operations. While there is no conflict of interest presently between our Company and Shanghai Fosun Pharma, there can be no assurance that potential competition and/or conflicts of interest with Shanghai Fosun Pharma will not arise in the future in any business that we undertake or that Shanghai Fosun Pharma’s interests will otherwise not conflict with ours. Any such future conflicts could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

38 

# **38.** **_We are exposed to risks associated with foreign exchange rate fluctuations._** 

Our global export footprint exposes us to foreign exchange rate risks, arising primarily from our receivables, import of raw materials and capital goods for our operations and export of goods. Our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations is in part naturally hedged by the fact that we export formulations and import raw materials and equipment. However, there can be no guarantee that such fluctuations will not affect our financial performance in the future as we continue to expand our operations globally, particularly in emerging markets where the risk of currency volatility is higher. 

# **39.** **_We could be adversely affected by violations of anti-bribery laws worldwide._** 

The pharmaceutical industry is highly regulated and pharmaceutical companies are subject to various anti-bribery regulations worldwide, and even minor irregularities can potentially give rise to significant consequences. Anti-bribery laws worldwide, especially U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “ **FCPA** ”) generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Pharmaceutical companies are particularly at risk of anti-bribery law violations because health care systems in some countries are often owned or operated by government agencies. Therefore, during the course of business activities, interactions with individuals considered to be government officials can be more frequent than in other industries. As a result, there is heightened exposure to potential corruption risk, and over the past few years, a number of pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been prosecuted under anti-bribery laws for a variety of activities, such as providing free trips, free goods, grants and other monetary benefits to doctors and hospitals. Our policies mandate compliance with these laws, which often carry substantial penalties. However, our internal control policies and procedures may not always protect us from acts committed by our affiliates, employees or agents which may violate these laws and regulations. Violations of anti-bribery laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and on our ability to offer our products in one or more countries, and could also materially affect our brand, our international growth efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, our business, and our operating results. There can be no assurance that our partners, our employees, contractors, or agents will not subject us to potential claims or penalties. Any violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **40.** **_Our operations are subject to environmental and health and safety laws and other employee-related regulations. If we are unable to comply with such laws and regulations, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Our operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations relating to environmental protection in India, such as the Water Pollution Act, Air Pollution Act and the Environment Act, as well as international environmental laws and regulations. For example, the discharge or emission of chemicals, dust or other pollutants into the air, soil or water that exceed permitted levels and cause damage to others may give rise to liabilities towards the government and third parties and may result in our incurring costs to remedy any such discharge or emissions. There can be no assurance that compliance with such environmental laws and regulations will not result in a curtailment of production or a material increase in the costs of production or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Environmental laws and regulations in India have become increasingly stringent and it is possible that they will become significantly more stringent in the future. If any of our manufacturing facilities or the operations of such manufacturing facilities are shut down, we may continue to incur costs in complying with regulations, appealing any decision to close our facilities, maintaining production at our existing facilities and continuing to pay labour and other costs even if the facility is closed. Non-compliance with such environmental laws and regulations may subject us to regulatory action, including monetary penalties. More stringent enforcement or alternative interpretation of existing laws and regulations in jurisdictions in which we currently operate can change the legal and regulatory environment, making compliance with all applicable laws and regulations more challenging. 

We are also subject to laws and regulations governing relationships with employees in such areas as minimum wage and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, employment and termination of employees, contract labour, work permits and health and safety. If we are unable to comply with various regulatory requirements, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **41.** **_We are currently entitled to certain tax incentives and export promotion schemes. Any decrease in or discontinuation of such tax incentives or export promotion schemes may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

We are currently entitled to certain tax incentives and export promotion schemes. According to the requirement under such schemes, we are required to export goods of a defined amount, failing which we may have to pay the GoI a sum equivalent to the duty benefit enjoyed by us under such schemes along with interest. For instance, we currently enjoy tax benefits under the Merchandise Exports from India Scheme (“ **MEIS** ”), the objective of which is to reward exporters who offset infrastructural inefficiencies and associated costs involved in export of products being produced or manufactured in India, especially those having high export intensity and employment potential, thereby enhancing India’s export competitiveness. Under the MEIS, the GoI provides duty benefits depending on the product and the 

39 

country of export. However, the amount available under the MEIS has been reduced to ₹20 million for the period from September 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020, and the MEIS is expected to be discontinued from January 1, 2021. In addition, we import capital goods at zero customs duty under the Export Promotion Capital Goods Scheme which facilitates import of capital goods into India. We also have an advance license for duty free import of goods. Any newly introduced or revised policies in relation to tax duties or other such levies issued by the Directorate General of Foreign Trade or relevant tax authorities may deprive us of our existing benefits. Further, two of our facilities are located in the special economic zone in Visakhapatnam. New or revised policies in relation to the special economic zone or policies related to tax, duties or other such levies promulgated from time to time by relevant tax authorities may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. We cannot predict the current or future initiatives and there can be no assurance that we will continue to enjoy tax benefits. Any further reduction or withdrawal of such tax incentives or export promotion schemes or our inability to meet any of the conditions prescribed under any of the schemes would adversely affect our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **42.** **_We appoint contract labour for carrying out certain of our operations and we may be responsible for paying the wages of such workers if the independent contractors through whom such workers are hired default on their obligations, and such obligations could have an adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition._** 

In addition to our employees, in order to retain flexibility and control costs, we appoint independent contractors who in turn engage on-site contract labour for performance of certain of our operations. Although we do not engage these labourers directly, we may be held responsible for any wage payments including social security contributions to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractors. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, under the Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970, as amended, we may be required to absorb a number of such contract labourers as permanent employees. Thus, any such order from a regulatory body or court may have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **43.** **_Some of our business operations are being conducted on leased premises. Our inability to seek renewal or extension of such leases may adversely affect our business operations._** 

While most of our manufacturing facilities are located on freehold property, some of our business operations are being conducted on premises leased from third parties. We have entered into lease agreements for our facilities situated in Visakhapatnam, for a period of 15 years from May 4, 2010 (which is renewable for a further period of 15 years subject to the covenants, provisions and stipulations imposed by the lessor). For our marketing offices, depots and sheds, we have entered into lease agreements, the tenure of which range from one to five years, subject to renewal. The lease deeds, other than the lease deed in relation to the facilities located at Visakhapatnam, are neither stamped nor registered. Under Section 35 of the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 and the relevant state specific stamp laws, instruments which are not duly stamped are inadmissible as evidence in any court. Further, under Section 17 of the Registration Act, 1908 leases of immovable property from year to year or for any term exceeding one year are mandatorily required to be registered. 

While there are currently no instances of non-compliance of the terms of our lease agreements, there can be no assurance that there will be no such non-compliance leading to termination of such leases in the future. Any change in the terms and conditions of the lease agreements and any premature termination of such lease agreements may have an adverse impact on our business operations. 

Any adverse impact on the title and ownership rights of the owners from whose premises we operate, breach of the contractual terms of any lease deeds, or any inability to renew such agreements on acceptable terms may also affect our business operations. In addition, the terms of certain of our leases require us to obtain the lessor’s prior consent for certain actions, including making structural alterations to the leased premises, which may be required if we were to undertake an expansion in the future. 

There can be no assurance that we will be able to renew these leasing arrangements at commercially favourable terms, or at all. If we are unable to renew all or any of our leasing arrangements, it may cause disruptions in our business and we may incur substantial costs associated with shifting to new premises, all of which may adversely affect our business operations. 

# **44.** **_Our insurance coverage may not adequately protect us against all losses. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage which is not covered by insurance or exceeds our insurance coverage, our cash flows, results of operations and financial performance could be adversely affected._** 

We maintain insurance policies for all of our physical assets (which are property, plant & equipment (excluding land), capital work-in-progress, and inventories), consequential damages such as loss of profit, coverage for risks during the shipment of products, public liability coverage, product liability coverage such as in cases of product recalls or health issues arising from the use of our products, workmen compensation and group mediclaim policy for employees. In addition, we also maintain insurance policies covering directors’ and officers’ liability. We are not insured against 

40 

personal accidents, environmental damages, terrorist acts and war related events. For further details, please refer to the section titled “ _Our Business – Insurance_ ” on page 134. 

We cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. Our insurance policies may not provide adequate coverage in certain circumstances and are subject to certain deductibles, exclusions and limits on coverage. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, and which is not covered by insurance or exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

# **45.** **_The acquisition of other companies, businesses or technologies could result in operating difficulties, dilution and other adverse consequences._** 

As part of our growth strategy, we may from time to time pursue strategic acquisitions of companies, products and technologies or enter into partnerships to strengthen our product and technology infrastructure. We cannot assure you that we will be able to identify suitable acquisition, strategic investment or joint venture opportunities at acceptable cost and on commercially reasonable terms, obtain the financing necessary to complete and support such acquisitions or investments, integrate such businesses or investments or that any business acquired or investment made will be profitable. If we attempt to acquire companies outside of India, we may not be able to satisfy certain regulatory requirements for such acquisitions. 

In addition, acquisitions and investments involve a number of risks, including possible adverse effects on our operating results, exposure to future funding obligations, diversion of management’s attention, failure to retain key personnel, currency risks, risks associated with unanticipated events or liabilities, possible contravention of applicable laws in relation to investment and transfer of shareholding, including any pre-emptive rights of existing shareholders of such entities and difficulties in the assimilation of the operations, technologies, systems, services and products of the acquired businesses or investments, as well as other economic, political and regulatory risks. While we have not undertaken any acquisitions historically, failure to achieve successful integration of any future acquisitions or investments could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Future acquisitions could result in potentially dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortisation expenses, or write-offs of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial condition and may have an adverse impact on the price of our Equity Shares. 

# **46.** **_Some of our employees are members of unions and we may be subject to industrial unrest, slowdowns and increased wage costs, which may adversely affect our business, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Our manufacturing facilities are located in numerous locations in southern India which have stringent labour legislation in place that protects the interests of workers, including legislation that sets forth detailed procedures for the establishment of unions, dispute resolution and employee removal, and legislation that imposes certain financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment. 

As of June 30, 2020, 44 of our employees were members of labour unions. Accordingly, it may be difficult for us to maintain flexible labour policies and we may face the threat of labour unrest, work stoppages and diversion of our management’s attention due to union intervention. Although we have not experienced any labour unrest or work disruptions in the past, labour unrest or work stoppages or other slowdown at one or more of our manufacturing facilities may cause us to experience a significant disruption of our operations and to pay penalties for the late delivery of our products. Labour unrest or strikes associated with our operations could also damage our reputation with customers or in the market generally. 

We have entered and may in the future enter into agreements with unions or works councils under which we incur certain obligations or agree to certain limitations or conditions for a period of time with respect to certain personnel, workplaces, departments or product lines. If a greater percentage of our work force became unionised, our labour costs may increase. In the long term, increases in labour costs in India may make us less competitive unless we are able to increase our efficiency and productivity proportionately and we can pass on such costs in the prices that we charge our customers. Any significant increase in our labour costs may have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, our collective bargaining agreements are subject to renegotiation with the unions from time to time and it is possible that employees could argue for arrangements that could cause us to incur higher employment costs. Such agreements or arrangements could limit our ability to adjust workforce headcounts or salaries or to restructure our business in response to difficult economic conditions. This reduced flexibility could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

41 

# **47.** **_We have power and water requirements and any disruption to power or water sources could increase our production costs._** 

We require power and water for our manufacturing facilities. If energy or water costs were to rise, our production costs could increase if we are unable to increase our product prices enough to offset these increased costs. If electricity or water supplies or supply arrangements were disrupted, we may need to rely on alternative sources, which may not be able to consistently meet our requirements. Interruptions of electricity supply can also result in production shutdowns, increased costs associated with restarting production and the loss of production in progress. 

# **48.** **_We have relied on a third party industry report which has been used for industry related data in this Red Herring Prospectus and such data have not been independently verified by us._** 

We have relied on the IQVIA Report for industry related data that has been disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus. The report uses certain methodologies for market sizing and forecasting. We have not independently verified such data and therefore we cannot assure you that they are complete or reliable. Accordingly, investors should read the industry related disclosure in this Red Herring Prospectus in this context. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. While industry sources take due care and caution while preparing their reports, they do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the data. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on this information. For further details, please refer to the section titled “ _Industry Overview_ ” on page 94. 

# **49.** **_Certain of our business transactions are entered into with government or government-funded entities in India and any change in the government policies, practices or focus may adversely affect our business, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Certain of our business is dependent on contracts with governmental authorities, government hospitals and other entities funded by governments or governmental authorities in the domestic market. If there is any change in the government or in governmental policies, practices or focus that results in a delay in obtaining government contracts, our business, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

One of the standard conditions in contracts typically awarded by governments or government-backed entities is that the government or entity, as a client, has the right to terminate the contract for convenience, without any reason, at any time after providing us with notice. In the event that a contract is so terminated, our results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. 

# **50.** **_If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to successfully manage or accurately report our financial risks._** 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to prepare reliable financial reports and effectively avoid fraud. Moreover, any internal controls that we may implement, or our level of compliance with such controls, may deteriorate over time, due to evolving business conditions. There can be no assurance that deficiencies in our internal controls will not arise in the future, or that we will be able to implement and continue to maintain adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls. 

# **51.** **_Our Directors and key management personnel may have interests other than reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration or benefits in our Company._** 

Our Directors and key management personnel may be interested in our Company to the extent of the Equity Shares and employee stock options held by them in our Company, and any dividends, bonuses or other distributions on such Equity Shares. For further details, see “ _Our Management_ ” on page 147. 

# **52.** **_We have entered into transactions with related parties. We will continue to enter into such transactions and there can be no assurance that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions not been entered into with related parties._** 

We have entered into transactions with several related parties, including our Group Companies, Promoter Group and Key Managerial Personnel which were carried out in compliance with applicable laws. 

While all such transactions have been conducted on an arms-length basis, there can be no assurance that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions not been entered into with related parties. Furthermore, it is likely that we will continue to enter into related party transactions in the future. There can be no assurance that these or any future related party transactions that we may enter into, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows and results of operations. Further, any future transactions with our related parties may potentially involve conflicts of interest. There can also be no assurance that any dispute that may arise between us and related parties will be resolved in our favour.  For further details, see “ _Other Financial Information - Related_ 

42 

_Party Transactions_ ” and “ _Our Group Companies - Nature and extent of interest of our Group Companies_ ” on pages 243 and 180, respectively. 

# **53.** **_One of our Independent Directors is an independent director on the board of one of our Group Companies, from which our Company has purchased certain land._** 

Our Company purchased land situated at Pashamylaram from one of our Group Companies, Gland Chemicals Private Limited, for a consideration of ₹29.17 million on May 15, 2019. One of our Independent Directors, Satyanarayana Murthy Chavali, is an independent director on the board of directors of Gland Chemicals Private Limited. For further details, see “ _Our Management_ ” and “ _Our Group Companies - Nature and extent of interest of our Group Companies_ ” on pages 153 and 180, respectively. 

# **54.** **_We will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. The Selling Shareholders will receive the net proceeds from the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer consists of a Fresh Issue and an Offer for Sale. The Selling Shareholders shall be entitled to the net proceeds from the Offer for Sale, which comprise proceeds from the Offer for Sale net of Offer expenses shared by the Selling Shareholders, and our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. 

# **55.** **_We will continue to be controlled by our Promoters immediately after the completion of the Offer._** 

As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters, directly and indirectly, along with their nominees hold 74% of the issued, subscribed and paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. Upon completion of the Offer, our Promoters (by themselves and along with their nominees) will hold [●]% of our paid up Equity Share capital. For further information, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 62. Our Promoters will therefore, be able to control the outcome of matters submitted to the Shareholders for approval, which include significant matters such as the issue of Equity Shares and dividend payments, business plans, mergers and acquisitions, any consolidation or joint venture arrangements and any amendment to our Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association. After the Offer, our Promoters will continue to exercise significant control or influence over our business and major policy decisions. Further, our Promoter, Fosun Singapore, has appointed four Non-Executive Nominee Directors on our Board and our Managing Director and CEO is deemed to have been appointed by Fosun Singapore, pursuant to the terms of the Continuing Shareholders SHA. Accordingly, the interests of our Promoters in their capacity as Shareholders of our Company may conflict with your interests and the interest of other Shareholders of our Company. However, pursuant to the terms of the Continuing Shareholders WCA, the special rights of Fosun Singapore, including, inter alia, to appoint directors on the Board, shall terminate upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from each of the Stock Exchanges for the listing and trading of the Equity Shares of the Company pursuant to the Offer. 

Shanghai Fosun Pharma is a joint stock public limited company incorporated under the laws of the PRC whose shares are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. To the extent that business or financial information relating to our Company can be derived from the annual or other public reports of Shanghai Fosun Pharma prepared in the ordinary course or filings made with the Shanghai Stock Exchange and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited in accordance with applicable standards and requirements for listed company disclosure, investors are reminded that such information has not been and will not be prepared for purposes of this Offer and does not form a part of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus, this Red Herring Prospectus or the Prospectus. Any investment decision in connection with the Offer must be taken only on the basis of the information in this Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus. 

# **<u>External Risks</u>** 

# **56.** **_A slowdown in economic growth in India may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects._** 

Our performance and the growth of our business are dependent on the health of the overall Indian economy. A slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect the policy of the GoI towards our industry, which may in turn adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to implement our business strategy. 

The Indian economy’s growth momentum moderated significantly in Fiscals 2018 and 2019 as compared to previous years. According to the Indian Central Statistics Organization, India’s real GDP growth decreased from 8.2% in Fiscal 2017 to 7.2% in Fiscal 2018 and further decreased to 6.8% in Fiscal 2019. This slower rate of economic growth was primarily driven by a slowdown in consumer demand, the transitional impacts of the introduction of the Goods and Services Tax in 2017. According to the Indian Central Statistics Organization, industrial sector growth slowed from 8.3% in Fiscal 2017 and 6.1% in Fiscal 2018 to 7.6% in Fiscal 2019. 

The Indian economy has slowed further in Fiscal 2020 and the first quarter of Fiscal 2021. The Indian economy is also influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market conditions in Asia. A loss of investor confidence in other emerging market economies or any worldwide financial instability may adversely 

43 

affect the Indian economy, which could materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows and results of operations and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

Further, other factors which may adversely affect the Indian economy are scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing of our developments and expansions; volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies; occurrence of natural or man-made disasters; prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; and other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India. The Indian economy has also been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. For further discussion on the impact of COVID-19, please see " _Risk Factors – The COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency, could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations_ " on page 26 and " _Risk Factors – Recent global economic conditions have been challenging and continue to affect the Indian market, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects_ " on page 44. 

# **57.** **_Recent global economic conditions have been challenging and continue to affect the Indian market, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects._** 

The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located in other countries, including India. For instance, the economic downturn in the United States and several European countries during a part of Fiscals 2008 and 2009 adversely affected market prices in the global securities markets, including in India. In addition, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has caused an economic downturn in several major economies and generated volatility in, and general adverse impact on, the global securities markets, including in India; further, it is not possible for us to predict the extent and duration of this volatility and adverse impact on the global or Indian securities markets, including any possible impact on our Equity Shares. For further discussion on COVID-19, see " _Risk Factors – The COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency, could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations_ " on page 26. Negative economic developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficits, or a default on national debt, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy, including the movement of exchange rates and interest rates in India and could then adversely affect our business, financial performance and the price of our Equity Shares. 

Large budget deficits and rising public debts in Europe in recent years have triggered sovereign debt finance crises that resulted in the bailouts of European economies and elevated the risk of government debt defaults, forcing governments to undertake aggressive budget cuts and austerity measures, in turn underscoring the risk of global economic and financial market volatility. Financial markets and the supply of credit could continue to be negatively impacted by ongoing concerns surrounding the sovereign debts and/ or fiscal deficits of several countries in Europe, the possibility of further downgrades of, or defaults on, sovereign debt, concerns about a slowdown in growth in certain economies and uncertainties regarding the stability and overall standing of the European Monetary Union. Increased budget deficits and the incurrence of additional public debt in Europe and other developed markets as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic may exacerbate these risks and uncertainties. 

Further deterioration in the global economy as a result of COVID-19 or otherwise, or the perception that such deterioration could occur, may continue to have an adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity and restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 

# **58.** **_Political instability, changes in economic policy, changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of tax laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business and financial performance._** 

Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations applicable to us and our business. 

Any political instability in India, such as corruption, scandals and protests against certain economic reforms, which have occurred in the past, could slow the pace of liberalisation and deregulation. The rate of economic liberalisation could change, and specific laws and policies affecting foreign investment, currency exchange rates and other matters affecting investment in India could change as well. 

44 

There can be no assurance that the GoI may not implement new regulations and policies which will require us to obtain approvals and licences from the GoI and other regulatory bodies, or impose onerous requirements and conditions on our operations. Any such changes and the related uncertainties with respect to the applicability, interpretation and implementation of any amendment or change to governing laws, regulation or policy in the jurisdictions in which we operate may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. In addition, we may have to incur expenditures to comply with the requirements of any new regulations, which may also materially harm our results of operations or cash flows. Any unfavourable changes to the laws and regulations applicable to us could also subject us to additional liabilities. 

The application of various Indian tax laws, rules and regulations to our business, currently or in the future, is subject to interpretation by the applicable taxation authorities. For instance, the GoI implemented a comprehensive national goods and services tax (“ **GST** ”) regime with effect from July 1, 2017 that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into a unified rate structure. Several provisions of the GST regime are currently ambiguous and there can be no assurance that future clarifications by the GoI on the GST regime would be favourable to us. If such tax laws, rules and regulations are amended, new adverse laws, rules or regulations are adopted or current laws are interpreted adversely to our interests, the results could increase our tax payments (prospectively or retrospectively) and/or subject us to penalties. Furthermore, changes in capital gains tax or tax on capital market transactions or the sale of shares could affect investor returns. As a result, any such changes or interpretations could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 

# **59.** **_Increasing employee compensation in India may erode some of our competitive advantage and may reduce our profit margins, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Employee compensation in India has historically been significantly lower than employee compensation in the United States and Western Europe for comparably skilled professionals, which has been one of our competitive strengths. However, compensation increases in India may erode some of this competitive advantage and may negatively affect our profit margins. Employee compensation in India is increasing at a faster rate than in the United States and Western Europe, which could result in increased costs relating to scientists and engineers, managers and other mid-level professionals. We may need to continue to increase the levels of our employee compensation to remain competitive and manage attrition. Compensation increases may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **60.** **_The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters may adversely affect our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition._** 

A natural disaster, severe weather conditions or an accident that damages or otherwise adversely affects any of our operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Severe flooding, lightning strikes, earthquakes, extreme wind conditions, severe storms, wildfires, and other unfavourable weather conditions (including those from climate change) or natural disasters could damage our property and assets or require us to shut down our manufacturing facilities or related equipment and facilities, impeding our ability to maintain and operate our projects and decreasing electricity production levels and revenues from operations. 

In addition, catastrophic events such as explosions, terrorist acts or other similar occurrences could result in similar consequences or in personal injury, loss of life, environmental danger or severe damage to or destruction of the facilities or suspension of operations, in each case, adversely affecting our ability to maintain and operate the business and decreasing production levels and revenues from operations. Any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects. 

# **61.** **_Any downgrading of India’s debt rating by an international rating agency could have a negative impact on our business._** 

India’s sovereign rating is Baa3 with a “negative” outlook (Moody’s), BBB-with a “stable” outlook (S&P) and BBBwith a “negative” outlook (Fitch). India’s sovereign rating could be downgraded due to various factors, including changes in tax or fiscal policy or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves, which are outside the Company's control. Any adverse change in India’s credit ratings by international rating agencies may adversely impact the Indian economy and consequently our ability to raise additional financing, and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing is available. This could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance, ability to obtain financing for capital expenditures and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **62.** **_Changes in trade policies may affect us._** 

We are continuing to expand our international operations as part of our growth strategy. Any change in policies by the countries, in terms of tariff and non-tariff barriers, from which our suppliers import or export their raw materials or components, or countries to which we export our products, may have an adverse effect on our profitability. Furthermore, we import various raw materials including APIs that are not produced in-house by us, intermediates, 

45 

primary packaging materials, such as glass ampoules, vials, glass bottles, PVC and non-PVC bags or films, rubber stoppers, and secondary packaging materials directly from our international suppliers. Any change in export policies by the countries in which our suppliers are based may have an adverse impact on our business. 

There is currently significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States and various other countries, most significantly China, with respect to trade policies, treaties, government regulations and tariffs. The current U.S. government has called for substantial changes to U.S. foreign trade policy with respect to China and other countries, including the possibility of imposing greater restrictions on international trade and significant increases in tariffs on goods imported into the United States. Although China is the primary target of U.S. trade measures, value chain linkages mean that other emerging markets, primarily in Asia, may also be impacted. Such imposition of tariffs, trade restrictions and trade barriers could have a generally disruptive impact on the global economy and, therefore, negatively impact our sales. Given the relatively fluid regulatory environment in China and the United States and uncertainty regarding how the U.S. or foreign governments will act with respect to tariffs, international trade agreements and policies, a trade war, further governmental action related to tariffs or international trade policies, or additional tax or other regulatory changes in the future could occur and could directly and adversely impact our financial results, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **63.** **_The United Kingdom’s vote to leave the European Union will have uncertain effects and could adversely affect us._** 

On June 23, 2016, the electorate in the U.K. voted in favour of leaving the European Union (" **EU** ") (“ **Brexit** ”). Thereafter, on March 29, 2017, the country formally notified the EU of its intention to withdraw pursuant to Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty. The withdrawal of the U.K. from the EU took effect on January 31, 2020. 

The effects of Brexit will depend on agreements the U.K. makes to retain access to EU markets subsequently. Brexit creates an uncertain political and economic environment in the U.K. and potentially across other EU member states for the foreseeable future and such uncertainties could impair or limit our ability to transact business in the member EU states. 

Further, Brexit could adversely affect European and worldwide economic or market conditions and could contribute to instability in global financial markets, and the value of the British pound sterling currency or other currencies, including the euros. We are exposed to the economic, market and fiscal conditions in the U.K. and the EU and to changes in any of these conditions. Depending on the terms reached regarding future access to EU markets, it is possible that there may be adverse practical and/or operational implications on our business. 

A significant amount of the regulatory regime that applies to us in the U.K. is derived from EU directives and regulations. However, Brexit could change the legal and regulatory framework within the U.K. where we operate and is likely to lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations as the U.K. determines which EU laws to replace or replicate. Consequently, no assurance can be given as to the impact of Brexit and, in particular, no assurance can be given that our operating results, financial condition and prospects would not be adversely impacted by the result. 

# **<u>Risks Relating to the Offer and the Equity Shares</u>** 

**64.** **_Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and may experience price and volume fluctuations following the completion of the Offer. Further, our Equity Shares may not result in an active or liquid market and the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for our Equity Shares will develop or, if developed, does not guarantee the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. Investors might not be able to rapidly sell the Equity Shares at the quoted price if there is no active trading in the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares has been determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholders in consultation with the BRLMs through the Book Building Process. The Offer Price will be based on numerous factors, including the basic and diluted earnings per share, price earnings ratio in relation to the offer price per equity share of the face value, comparison with listed industry peers, if any, and return on net worth as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” beginning on page 86 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. 

The market price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate as a result of, among other things, the following factors, some of which are beyond our control: 

- quarterly variations in our results of operations; 

- results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

- results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 

46 

- changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by research analysts and investors; 

- a change in research analysts’ recommendations; 

- announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments; announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us; 

- developments relating to our peer companies in the pharmaceutical industry; 

- new laws and governmental regulations applicable to our industry; 

- additions or departures of key management personnel; 

- future sales of the Equity Shares by our shareholders; 

- changes in exchange rates; 

- speculative trading in the Equity Shares; 

- investor perception of us and the industry in which we operate; 

- the public’s reaction to our press releases and adverse media reports; 

- changes in the price of conventional and renewable energy; 

- fluctuations in stock market prices and volume; and 

- general economic and stock market conditions. 

Changes in relation to any of the factors listed above could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. The market price of the Equity Shares may decline below the Offer Price and investors may not be able to re-sell Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price resulting in a loss of all or part of the investment. 

# **65.** **_We cannot assure payment of dividends on the Equity Shares in the future._** 

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our profitability. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board in accordance with the dividend distribution policy adopted by our Company on February 11, 2020. The quantum of dividend to be distributed, if any, will depend on a number of factors, including profit earned during the current financial year, overall financial conditions, cost of raising funds from alternative sources, money market conditions, expansion plans and macro-economic conditions. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. For further details, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 182. 

# **66.** **_Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gain on the sale of Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, capital gains arising from the sale of Equity Shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. However, any gain realised on the sale of listed Equity Shares on or before March 31, 2018 on a stock exchange held for more than 12 months will not be subject to long term capital gains tax in India if Securities Transaction Tax (“ **STT** ”) is paid on the sale transaction and additionally, as stipulated by the Finance Act, 2017, STT had been paid at the time of acquisition of such Equity Shares on or after October 1, 2004, except in the case of such acquisitions of Equity Shares which are not subject to STT, as notified by the Central Government under notification no. 43/2017/F. No. 370142/09/2017- TPL on June 5, 2017. However, the Finance Act, 2018, has now levied taxes on such long term capital gains exceeding ₹100,000 arising from sale of Equity Shares on or after April 1, 2018, while continuing to exempt the unrealised capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on such Equity Shares subject to specific conditions. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of STT, on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. 

Further, any gain realised on the sale of listed Equity Shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

47 

# **67.** **_Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Offer._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors' book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited with the Equity Shares within one (1) working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately six Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise any delay in commencing trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods 

# **68.** **_Rights of shareholders under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles relating to these matters and the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholders of our Company than as shareholders of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

# **69.** **_Fluctuations in the exchange rate of the Rupee and other currencies could have a material adverse effect on the value of the Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

The Equity Shares would be quoted in Rupees on the BSE and the NSE. Any dividends in respect of the Equity Shares will be paid in Rupees and subsequently converted into appropriate foreign currency for repatriation. Any adverse movement in exchange rates during the time it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to investors. In addition, any adverse movement in exchange rates during a delay in repatriating the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares outside India, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the net proceeds received by shareholders. 

The exchange rate of the Rupee has changed substantially in the last two decades and could fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Equity Shares and returns from the Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

# **70.** **_Foreign investors are subject to foreign investment restrictions under Indian law that limits our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares._** 

Foreign investment in Indian securities is subject to regulation by Indian regulatory authorities. Under the FDI Policy notified by the DPIIT effective from October 15, 2020, as amended and the FEMA Non-debt Instrument Rules, FDI in the pharmaceutical sector is permitted (i) up to 100% in greenfield investments under the automatic route; and (ii) up to 100% (automatic route up to 74% and government route beyond 74%) in brownfield investments. Further, the GoI may incorporate appropriate conditions for FDI in brownfield investments at the time of granting approval. FDI in the pharmaceutical sector is subject to conditions such as non-compete which is not allowed except in special circumstances with governmental approval. Further, the Government of India on April 22, 2020 amended the FEMA Non-debt Instruments Rules pursuant to which any investment into India by an entity of a country which shares a land border with India, or the beneficial owner of an investment into India who is situated in or is a citizen of any such country, shall require the approval of the Government of India. For further details, see “ _Restriction on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 308. 

Also, under the foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfers of shares between non-residents and residents are permitted (subject to certain exceptions) if they comply with, among other things, the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares does not comply with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements, or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then prior approval of the RBI will be required. 

Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert the Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate any such foreign currency from India will require a no objection or a tax clearance certificate from the income tax authority. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other government agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. 

48 

# **71.** **_Investors may have difficulty enforcing foreign judgments against us or our management._** 

We are a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of India. Certain of our directors and executive officers are residents of India and a majority of our assets are located in India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon us or such persons outside of India, or to enforce judgments obtained against such parties outside of India. 

Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13 of CPC on a statutory basis. Section 13 of the CPC provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated upon, except: (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction; (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case; (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or a refusal to recognise the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable; (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice; (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud; and (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. Under the CPC, a court in India shall, upon the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgment, presume that the judgment was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record. However, under the CPC, such presumption may be displaced by proving that the court did not have jurisdiction. 

India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. Section 44A of the CPC provides that where a foreign judgment has been rendered by a superior court, within the meaning of that Section, in any country or territory outside of India which the Central Government has by notification declared to be in a reciprocating territory, it may be enforced in India by proceedings in execution as if the judgment had been rendered by the relevant court in India. However, Section 44A of the CPC is applicable only to monetary decrees not being of the same nature as amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges of a like nature or of a fine or other penalties. 

We have been advised by our Indian counsel that the United States and India do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments, other than arbitration awards, in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any federal or state court in the United States on civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the federal securities laws of the United States, would not be enforceable in India. However, the party in whose favour such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the United States. The suit must be brought in India within three years from the date of the judgment in the same manner as any other suit filed to enforce a civil liability in India. 

It is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action was brought in India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce a foreign judgment if that court were of the view that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy or Indian practice. It is uncertain as to whether an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments that would contravene or violate Indian law. However, a party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain approval from the RBI under the Indian Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, to execute such a judgment or to repatriate any amount recovered. 

# **72.** **_QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within six Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, cash flows, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

49 

