# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, the industry and segments in which we currently operate or propose to operate. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial, actually occur, our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could suffer, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. To obtain a complete understanding of our Company, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 121, 92 and 256, respectively, as well as the financial, statistical and other information contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and results of operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and the terms of the Issue including the merits and risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisers about the particular consequences to you of an investment in our Equity Shares._ 

_Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries. This Draft Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For details, see “ForwardLooking Statements” on page 16._ 

_On July 10, 2018, our Company became a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Promoter, Glenmark, when Glenmark acquired 100% equity interest in our Company. On January 1, 2019, the API business of Glenmark comprising of, inter alia, the manufacturing facilities, movable assets, intellectual property, employees and all the liabilities attributable to the API business was spun off into our Company (the “_ **_Spin-off_** _”). We have included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, the Pro Forma Financial Information (to be read in conjunction with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Basis of Preparation of the Pro Forma Financial Information” on page 268) as of and for the nine months ended December 31, 2020 and the financial years 2020, 2019 and 2018, to demonstrate the effects of the Spin-off on our Company, including the results of operations and the financial position that would have resulted as if the Spin-off had taken place at the earliest of the periods presented in the Pro Forma Financial Information (i.e. April 1, 2017). For further details, see “Financial Information – Pro Forma Financial Information” on page 224; “History and Certain Corporate Matters – Material acquisitions or divestments of business or undertakings, mergers, amalgamations or revaluation of assets in the last 10 years” on page 149; and “– Internal Risk Factors – The Pro Forma Financial Information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus to reflect the spin-off of the API business of Glenmark into our Company is not indicative of our expected results or operations in the future periods or our future financial position or a substitute for our past results” on page 37._ 

_Industry and market data used in this section have been extracted from the Frost & Sullivan Report. For further details and risks in relation to commissioned reports, see “– Internal Risk Factors – We have commissioned an industry report from Frost & Sullivan which has been used for industry related data in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and such data has not been independently verified by us” on page 34._ 

_Unless otherwise stated, or the context otherwise requires, the financial information used in this section is derived from our Pro Forma Financial Information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus on page 223. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section._ 

# **Internal Risk Factors** 

**1.** **_Any manufacturing or quality control problems may subject us to regulatory action, damage our reputation and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

We currently operate four manufacturing facilities which are situated on leasehold properties located at Ankleshwar and Dahej in Gujarat and Mohol and Kurkumbh in Maharashtra. Pharmaceutical businesses, including ours, have obligations to regulatory authorities such as the USFDA, PMDA, COFEPRIS, Health Canada, MFDS (Korea), EDQM, other European regulatory agencies and CDSCO, and consequently, we are required to comply with regulations and quality standards stipulated by such regulators. Our manufacturing facilities and products are subject to periodic inspection/audit by our customers and such regulatory agencies, and if we are not in compliance with any of their requirements, our facilities and products may be the subject of a warning letter, which could result in the withholding of product approval for new products. We are also required to meet quality standards and other specifications set out in 

23 

our contractual arrangements. If we are not in compliance with the requirements of the regulatory agencies, our facilities and products may be the subject of a warning letter, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Certain developments could adversely affect demand for our products, including the regulatory review of products that are already marketed, new scientific information or the loss of approval of products that we supply, manufacture, market or sell. We face the risk of loss resulting from, and the adverse publicity associated with, manufacturing or quality control problems. Such adverse publicity harms the brand image of our products. Further, our customers to whom we supply our APIs must comply with the regulations and standards of the USFDA and other regulatory authorities. Failure to comply with these regulatory requirements, or the receipt by these customers of warning or deficiency letters from regulators could adversely affect the demand for our products. 

# **2.** 

# **_Our business is dependent on the sale of our products to our key customers, and the loss of one or more such customers, the deterioration of their financial condition or prospects, or a reduction in their demand for our products could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

We are dependent on a limited number of key customers for a significant portion of our revenues. For the nine months ended December 31, 2020 and the financial years 2020, 2019 and 2018, our five largest customers for each respective period accounted for 57.21%, 56.65%, 54.35% and 53.91% of our total revenue from operations, respectively, and our Promoter was our largest customer for each of these periods. Further, most of the business that we conduct with our significant customers is through purchase orders that are placed from time to time. We do not typically have exclusivity arrangements with our customers, including our key customers. 

Further, some of our customers currently manufacture or may start manufacturing their own APIs and may discontinue purchasing APIs from us. The loss of one or more of our significant customers or a reduction in the amount of business we obtain from them whether due to circumstances specific to such customer, such as pricing pressures, or adverse market conditions affecting our supply chain, the pharmaceutical industry or the economic environment generally, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Our reliance on a select group of customers may also constrain our ability to negotiate our arrangements, which may have an impact on our profit margins and financial performance. The deterioration of the financial condition or business prospects of these customers could reduce their requirement of our products and result in a significant decrease in the revenues we derive from these customers. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain historic levels of business from our key customers. 

# **3.** 

**_We derive a significant portion of our revenue from our API business, of which a limited number of therapeutic categories and key products generate a significant portion of our total revenue, and our business may be adversely affected if our API business or products in these therapeutic categories or our key products do not perform as well as expected or if substitute products become available or gain wider market acceptance._** 

We are dependent on our API business for a significant portion of our revenues. For the nine months ended December 31, 2020 and the financial years 2020, 2019 and 2018, our API business accounted for 91.72%, 84.16%, 89.87% and 93.03% of our total revenue from operations, respectively. 

In turn, we generate a significant portion of our total revenue from our API business from the sale of products in a limited number of principal therapeutic categories such as the cardiovascular (“ **CVS** ”), central nervous system (“ **CNS** ”), pain management and diabetes areas. For the nine months ended December 31, 2020 and the financial years 2020, 2019 and 2018, our revenue from the sale of products in the CVS therapeutic area was ₹5,580.94 million, ₹6,681.61 million, ₹5,438.54 million and ₹4,676.84 million, or 42.91%, 51.64%, 43.07% and 41.83% of our revenue from operations from our generic API business, respectively. For the nine months ended December 31, 2020 and the financial years 2020, 2019 and 2018, our revenue from the sale of products in these four therapeutic categories was ₹7,525.33 million, ₹9,259.76 million, ₹8,138.04 million and ₹7,340.18 million, or 57.86%, 71.57%, 64.45% and 65.65% of our revenue from operations from our generic API business, respectively. 

In addition, a significant portion of our income is dependent on sales of our key products. For the nine months ended December 31, 2020 and the financial years 2020, 2019 and 2018, our revenue from sales of our top 10 products accounted for 68.93%, 69.87%. 60.60% and 65.60% of our revenue from operations from our generic API business, respectively. 

If market growth in these therapeutic categories or our key products decreases, or if profit margins on products sold in these therapeutic categories or our key products decline, our results of operations could be adversely affected. As a result of increased competition, pricing pressures or fluctuation in the demand or supply of our products, our revenues from these products may decline in the future. Similarly, in the event of any breakthroughs in the development or 

24 

invention of alternative drugs for these therapeutic categories, we may be exposed to the risk of our products becoming obsolete or being substituted to a greater or lesser extent by these alternatives. Any adverse developments with respect to the sale or use of products in these therapeutic categories or our key products, or failure to successfully introduce new products in other therapy categories, could adversely affect our revenue. 

# **4.** **_Our manufacturing and R&D facilities are located in the Indian states of Gujarat and Maharashtra. A slowdown or shutdown in our manufacturing operations could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

We currently operate four manufacturing facilities which are situated on leasehold properties located at Ankleshwar and Dahej in Gujarat and Mohol and Kurkumbh in Maharashtra and three R&D facilities located at Mahape, Navi Mumbai in Maharashtra, and Ankleshwar and Dahej in Gujarat. Any significant social, political or economic disruption or natural calamities or civil disruptions in these locations or changes in the policies of these states or local governments could require us to incur significant capital expenditure and change our business strategy. 

Our business is dependent upon our ability to manage our manufacturing and R&D facilities, which are subject to various operating risks, including political instability, productivity of our workforce, compliance with regulatory requirements (including cGMP requirements), difficulties with production costs and yields, product quality and those beyond our control, such as the breakdown and failure of equipment or industrial accidents, disruption in electrical power or water resources, severe weather conditions, natural disasters and an outbreak of infectious disease such as COVID-19. Any significant malfunction or breakdown of our machinery may entail significant repair and maintenance costs and cause delays in our operations. Moreover, some of our products are permitted to be manufactured at only such facility which has received specific approvals, and any shutdown of such facility will result in us being unable to manufacture a product for the duration of such shutdown. Our inability to effectively respond to any shutdown or slowdown and rectify any disruption, in a timely manner and at an acceptable cost, could lead to delays in the entire production cycle and an inability to comply with our customers’ requirements and lead to loss of revenue to us and our customers. 

Further, as of December 31, 2020, we employed a total of 1,569 permanent employees. Although we have not experienced any strikes or labor unrest in the past, we cannot assure you that we will not experience disruptions in work in the future due to disputes or other problems with our work force. Any labor unrest directed against us, could directly or indirectly prevent or hinder our normal operating activities, and, if not resolved in a timely manner, could lead to disruptions in our operations, which in turn could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

# **5.** **_Any delay, interruption or reduction in the supply of raw materials to manufacture our products may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

We identify and approve multiple third-party vendors, with whom we place purchase orders from time to time, for the purchase of raw materials. We currently source a significant portion of our key starting materials from vendors in China and India. For the nine months ended December 31, 2020 and the financial years 2020, 2019 and 2018, our three largest suppliers accounted for 40.36%, 31.07%, 27.34% and 30.95% of our total purchases of key starting materials, respectively. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to obtain adequate supplies of our raw materials, in a timely manner, in the future. In addition, as we may not be a major customer of some of our vendors, they may prioritize the orders of other customers over us. If our vendors fail to provide the raw materials or technical know-how required for APIs for any reason, or supply to our competitors, our manufacture of APIs could be disrupted. Our inability to continue to obtain raw material and equipment, in a timely manner, could lead to the slowdown or shut-down of our operations or the under-utilization of our manufacturing facilities, which in turn may have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. Further, in the event of an increase in the price of raw materials, we cannot assure you that we will be able to correspondingly increase the price of our products. Our vendors may also be unable to meet our pricing and quality requirements. Our vendors may also encounter financial hardships unrelated to our demand for raw materials, which could impede their ability to fulfil our orders and meet our requirements. We are also dependent on third-party transport agencies to supply raw materials purchased from our vendors and our manufactured products to our customers in a timely manner. 

Any such reductions or interruptions in the supply of raw materials, abrupt increase in the prices of raw materials, inability on our part to find alternate sources for the procurement of such raw materials or disruption/termination in arrangements with our transport agencies may have an adverse effect on our ability to manufacture or deliver our products in a timely or cost effective manner and we may be in breach of our contractual obligations. The occurrence of any such event may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

25 

# **6.** **_Pricing pressure from customers may affect our gross margin, profitability and ability to increase our prices, which in turn may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Pursuing cost-cutting measures while maintaining rigorous quality standards may lead to an erosion of our margins, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, estimating amounts of such price reductions is subject to risk and uncertainties, as any price reduction is the result of negotiations and other factors. Accordingly, API manufacturers like us must be able to reduce their operating costs in order to maintain profitability. Such price reductions may affect our sales and profit margins. If we are unable to offset customer price reductions in the future through improved operating efficiencies, new manufacturing processes, sourcing alternatives and other cost reduction initiatives, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. Our customers also negotiate for larger discounts in price as the volume of their orders increase. To maintain our profit margins, we seek price reductions from our suppliers, improved production processes to increase manufacturing efficiency and streamlined product designs to reduce costs. here can be no assurance that we will be able to avoid future customer price reductions or offset the impact of any such price reductions through continued technology improvements, improved operational efficiencies, cost-effective sourcing alternatives, new manufacturing processes, cost reductions or other productivity initiatives, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **7.** **_We are exposed to counterparty credit risk and any delay in receiving payments or non-receipt of payments may adversely impact our results of operations._** 

Due to the nature of, and the inherent risks in, the agreements and arrangements with our customers, we are subject to counterparty credit risk and a significant delay in receiving large payments or non-receipt of large payments may adversely impact our results of operations. Our operations involve extending credit to our customers in respect of sale of our API products and consequently, we face the risk of the uncertainty regarding the receipt of these outstanding amounts. We typically have credit terms of 60 to 180 days with our customers. There is no assurance that we will accurately assess the creditworthiness of our customers. Further, macroeconomic conditions which are beyond our control, such as a potential credit crisis in the global financial system, could also result in financial difficulties for our customers, including limited access to the credit markets, insolvency or bankruptcy. Such conditions could cause our customers to delay payment, request modifications of their payment terms, or default on their payment obligations to us, all of which could increase our receivables. Timely collection of dues from customers also depends on our ability to complete our contractual commitments and subsequently bill for and collect from our clients. If we are unable to meet our contractual obligations, we may experience delays in the collection of, or be unable to collect, our customer balances, which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. For details on our trade receivables, see “ _Summary of Restated Financial Information – Restated Summary of Assets and Liabilities_ ” and “ _Summary of Pro Forma Financial Information – Proforma Summary of Assets and Liabilities_ ” on pages 49 and 54, respectively. 

# **8.** 

# **_We are subject to extensive government regulation and if we fail to obtain, maintain or renew our statutory and regulatory licenses, permits and approvals required to operate our business, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected._** 

Our operations are subject to extensive government regulation governing the Indian and global pharmaceutical market. We are required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory permits and approvals under central, state and local government rules in India, generally for carrying out our business and for each of our manufacturing facilities. For details of applicable regulations and approvals relating to our business and operations, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” and “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 141 and page 291, respectively, including for details of applications made for material approvals that have expired and have not yet been renewed. Also, many international regulatory authorities must approve our manufacturing facilities before we can sell our products, irrespective of whether these products are approved in India. As of April 7, 2021, we had filed 399 Drug Master Files (“ **DMFs** ”) and Certificates of suitability to the monographs of the European Pharmacopoeia (“ **CEPs** ”) across various major markets (i.e. United States, Europe, Japan, Russia, Brazil, South Korea, Taiwan, Canada, China and Australia). A majority of these approvals require renewal. 

We are also required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory licenses, permits and approvals for carrying out our business including consents to establish and operate under environmental laws, which are granted for a limited duration and require renewal. While we have applied for some of these approvals, we cannot assure you that such approvals will be issued or granted to us in a timely manner, or at all. If we do not receive such approvals or are not able to renew the approvals in a timely manner, our business and operations may be materially adversely affected. 

The approvals required by our Company are subject to numerous conditions and we cannot assure you that these would not be suspended or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business. 

26 

If we fail to comply with applicable statutory or regulatory requirements, there could be a delay in the submission or grant of approval for sale of new products. In many of the international markets where our products are ultimately sold, the approval process for a new product can be complex, lengthy and expensive. The time taken to obtain regulatory approvals varies by country but generally takes between six months and several years from the date of application. If we fail to obtain, maintain or renew such approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions, in a timely manner or at all, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

# **9.** **_Our inability to accurately forecast demand for our products and manage our inventory may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our business depends on our estimate of the long term demand for our APIs and other products from our customers. As is typical in the pharmaceutical industry, we maintain a reasonable level of inventory of raw materials, work-in-progress and finished goods. As of December 31, 2020, our total inventory amounted to ₹5,081.27 million. If we underestimate demand or have inadequate capacity due to which we are unable to meet the demand for our products, we may manufacture fewer quantities of products than required, which could result in the loss of business. While we forecast the demand for our products and accordingly plan our production volumes, any changes in estimates could result in surplus stock, which may not be sold in a timely manner. Our customers also have the right to return or reject the product in the event that the products do not conform to the quality standards set out under the agreements. Further, the number of purchase orders that our customers place with us differ from quarter to quarter, which has caused our revenues, results of operations and cash flows to fluctuate in the past and we expect this trend to occasionally continue in the future. Our inability to accurately forecast demand for our products and manage our inventory may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **10.** **_We enter into certain related party transactions in the ordinary course of our business and we cannot assure you that such transactions will not have an adverse effect on our results of operation and financial condition._** 

We have entered into transactions with related parties, including our Promoter and our Group Companies, in the past and are likely to do so in the future. Such related party transactions have been carried out in accordance with applicable laws and include the sale and purchase of materials and services, expenses incurred on our behalf by Glenmark and the business transfer transaction relating to the Spin-off. For details on our related party transactions, see “ _Restated Financial Information_ ” on page 173. While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm‘s length basis and contain commercially reasonable terms, we cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favorable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. We cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

We may continue to enter into related party transactions, including with our Promoter, which may be material to our business. Under applicable regulations, these transactions may require periodic approval of the audit committee/Board and the shareholders of each of our Company and/or our Promoter. Such approval process may require the related party (such as our Promoter) to abstain from voting. There can be no assurance that such approvals will be obtained or that we will be able to undertake the relevant related party transaction. 

# **11.** **_The interests of our Promoter, Glenmark, may conflict with our interests or with the best interests of our other shareholders._** 

After the completion of the Offer, our Promoter, Glenmark, will own, approximately [●]% of our post-Offer paid-up equity share capital. As a result, Glenmark will continue to exercise significant control over us, including being able to determine the outcome of director elections and decisions requiring a majority of the total voting power of our shareholders. The interests of our controlling shareholders may conflict in material aspects with our interests or with the best interests of our other shareholders and our controlling shareholders may not take decisions in our best interests. In addition, Glenn Saldanha, our non-executive director, is also the chairman and managing director of Glenmark and a director of certain of its affiliates. Further, V.S. Mani, our non-executive director, is also an executive director of Glenmark and certain of its affiliates, and global chief financial officer of Glenmark. For more details, see the section “ _Our Management_ ” on page 151. 

Among other situations, conflicts may arise in connection with our negotiations and dealings with Glenmark, with respect to the contractual arrangements that we may enter into with them. For the nine months ended December 31, 2020 and the financial years 2020, 2019 and 2018, our Promoter was our largest customer. In addition, as there is no formal non-compete arrangement between Glenmark and us, Glenmark may in certain circumstances determine to have itself or other affiliates, instead of us, pursue business opportunities or cause such companies or us to undertake corporate strategies, the effect of which would be to benefit such companies instead of us and which could be detrimental to our interests. As a result, Glenmark may have conflict of interest which may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

27 

# **12.** **_Our success depends on our ability to develop and commercialize new products in a timely manner. If our R&D efforts do not succeed, the introduction of new products may be hindered, which could adversely affect our business, growth and financial condition._** 

Our success depends significantly on our ability to successfully commercialize our products under development in a timely manner. The development and commercialization process is both time consuming and costly, and involves a high degree of business risk. During these periods, our competitors may be developing similar products of which we are unaware of that could compete directly or indirectly with our products under development. Due to the prolonged period of time for developing a new product and delays associated with regulatory approval process, we may invest resources in developing products that will face competition of which we are currently unaware. Such unforeseen competition may hinder our ability to effectively plan the timing of our product development, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

To develop our product pipeline, we commit substantial time, efforts, funds and other resources for R&D in areas which we believe have significant growth potential. Our R&D operations are focused on developing new products and complex molecules as well as improving the efficiency of our existing products. To accomplish this, we commit substantial effort, funds and other resources towards our R&D activities. As of December 31, 2020, we had three dedicated R&D facilities, located in Mumbai and Gujarat, and for the nine months ended December 31, 2020 and the financial years 2020, 2019 and 2018, we have spent ₹303.55 million, ₹400.28 million, ₹375.76 million and ₹333.33 million, or 2.14%, 2.60%, 2.67% and 2.77% of our total revenue from operations, respectively. 

Our products currently under development, if and when fully developed and tested, may not perform as we expect, or necessary regulatory approvals may not be obtained in a timely manner, or at all, and we may not be able to successfully and profitably produce and market such products. Even if we are successful in developing a new product, such product may become subject to litigation by other parties claiming that our product infringes on their patents or may be seized in transit by regulatory authorities for alleged infringement of third party intellectual property rights or may be otherwise unsuccessful in the market place due to the introduction of superior products by our competitors. Moreover, it may take an extended period of time for our new products to gain market acceptance, if at all. 

# **13.** **_Our ability to adopt new technology to respond to new and enhanced products poses a challenge in our business. The cost of implementing new technologies for our operations could be significant and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

The industry in which we operate is subject to significant technological changes and novel chemical processes, with constant introduction of new and enhanced products. While we strive to keep our technology, facilities and machinery current with the latest international standards, the technologies, facilities and machinery we currently employ may become obsolete. The cost of implementing new technologies and upgrading our manufacturing facilities as well as R&D could be significant and higher than initially anticipated and could adversely affect our business, prospects, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **14.** **_If we are unable to patent new processes and protect our proprietary information or other intellectual property, our business may be adversely affected._** 

We rely on a combination of patents, non-disclosure agreements and non-competition agreements to protect our proprietary intellectual property. As of March 15, 2020, we owned 37 patents and had 40 pending patent applications in several countries and nine pending provisional applications in India. Due to the different regulatory bodies and varying requirements across the world, we may be unable to obtain intellectual property protection in those jurisdictions for certain aspects of our products or processes. Moreover, our existing patents may expire, and there can be no assurance that we will renew, or will be able to renew, them after expiry. 

While we intend to defend against any threats to our intellectual property, we cannot assure you that our patents, trade secrets or other agreements will adequately protect our intellectual property. Our patent rights may not prevent our competitors from developing, using or commercializing products that are functionally equivalent or similar to our products. Further, our patent applications may fail to result in patents being issued, and our existing and future patents may be insufficient to provide us with meaningful protection or a commercial advantage. We cannot assure you that patents issued to or licensed by us in the past or in the future will not be challenged or circumvented by competitors or that such patents will be found to be valid or sufficiently broad to protect our processes or to provide us with any competitive advantage. We may be required to negotiate licenses for patents from third parties to conduct our business, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. 

We also rely on non-disclosure agreements and non-competition agreements with certain employees, consultants and other parties to protect trade secrets and other proprietary rights that belong to us. We cannot assure you that these agreements will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach or that third parties will not 

28 

otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or proprietary knowledge. Any inability to patent new processes and protect our proprietary information or other intellectual property, could adversely affect our business. 

# **15.** **_We do not own the brand name ‘Glenmark’ and the trademarks for our name ‘Glenmark Life Sciences’ and our logo are also registered in the name of our Promoter. We use the brand name ‘Glenmark’ pursuant to the Trademark License Agreement which may be terminated under certain circumstances. In the event that we have to discontinue the use of the brand name ‘Glenmark’ or the trademark name ‘Glenmark Life Sciences’ or the logo, it may adversely affect our business and financial condition._** 

We do not own the brand name ‘Glenmark’. Pursuant to the Trademark License Agreement, entered into among our Company and our Promoter, we have been granted a license to use the name ‘Glenmark" as part of the name of our Company. The Trademark License Agreement will remain in force for a period of 25 years from January 1, 2019 and shall thereafter be automatically renewed for an additional period of 25 years. However, in the event the Promoter’s shareholding in our Company falls below 50% of the voting rights or equity share capital or, if in the opinion of our Promoter there is an activity undertaken by our Company which adversely affects the Promoter’s reputation and goodwill or our Company is in breach of the Agreement or applicable law and such activity or breach has not been remedied within the agreed cure period, the Promoter has the right to terminate the agreement. Further, the agreement can also be terminated by either of the parties with six months written notice without any reason. In the event that the Trademark License Agreement is terminated, we will have to discontinue the use of the “Glenmark” trademark which may adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

Further, the trademark for our name, ‘Glenmark Life Sciences’ and logo is also registered in the name of our Promoter. If our Promoter does not allow us to use such trademarks, we could be required to change our name and logo. Such change in name and logo will result in us having to incur expenses and to establish our new name and logo with our customers, which could take time and management attention for significant periods, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

# **16.** **_We have significant working capital requirements. If we experience insufficient cash flows to fund our working capital requirements or if we are not able to provide collateral to obtain letters of credit and bank guarantees in sufficient quantities, there may be an adverse effect on our business, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Our business requires significant working capital including in connection with our manufacturing operations and our development of new products. The actual amount of our future capital requirements may differ from estimates as a result of, among other factors, unforeseen delays or cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, economic conditions, technological changes, additional market developments and new opportunities in the API and contract development and manufacturing operations (“ **CDMO** ”) businesses. 

Our sources of additional financing, where required to meet our working capital needs, may include the incurrence of debt, the issue of equity or debt securities or a combination of both. If we decide to raise additional funds through the incurrence of debt, our interest and debt repayment obligations will increase, which may have a significant effect on our profitability and cash flows. We may also become subject to additional covenants, which could limit our ability to access cash flows from operations and undertake certain types of transactions. In addition, to the extent we receive credit ratings in respect of any of our future borrowings, any subsequent downgrade in those credit ratings may increase interest rates for our future borrowings, which would increase our cost of borrowings and adversely affect our ability to borrow on a competitive basis. Any issuance of equity, on the other hand, would result in a dilution of the shareholding of existing shareholders. 

In many cases, a significant amount of our working capital is required to finance the purchase of raw materials and the development and manufacturing of products before payment is received from customers. Our working capital requirements may increase if the payment terms in our agreements include reduced advance payments or longer payment schedules. These factors may result in increases in the amount of our receivables and may result in increases in any future short-term borrowings. Continued increases in our working capital requirements may have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **17.** **_Our inability to successfully implement our business plan and growth strategy could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

We currently operate four manufacturing facilities with an aggregate annual total installed capacity of 725.8 KL as of December 31, 2020. We intend to increase our API manufacturing capabilities by enhancing the existing production capacities at our Ankleshwar facility during the financial year 2022 and our Dahej facility during the financial years 2022 and 2023. Also see “ – _Internal Risk Factors – We intend to utilize a portion of the Net Proceeds for funding our capital expenditure_ requirements” on page 35. We intend to develop a new manufacturing facility in India for the manufacture of APIs from the financial year 2022 which is expected to become operational in the fourth quarter of the financial year 2023. The new facility will also provide a platform for the growth of our CDMO business and also add 

29 

capacity for our generics API business. The enhancement of existing capacities and the opening of new manufacturing facilities are subject to certain risks that could result in delays or cost overruns, which could require us to expend additional capital and, as a result, adversely affect our business and operating results. These risks include: 

- shortages and late delivery of building materials and facility equipment; 

- delays in the delivery, installation, commissioning and qualification of our manufacturing equipment; 

- delays or failure in securing the necessary governmental and other regulatory approvals; 

- design or construction changes with respect to building spaces or equipment layout; 

- insufficient demand for our products resulting in under-utilization of our expanded capacities; and 

- technological capacity and other changes to our plans necessitated by changes in market conditions. 

Although we have historically derived a significant percentage of our revenue from our generics API business, we intend to grow our CDMO, specialty and complex API businesses. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully compete in these business lines or that our products would gain consumer acceptance. 

Our inability to manage our expansion effectively and execute our growth strategy in a timely manner, or within budget estimates, or our inability to optimally utilize our additional manufacturing facilities, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

# **18.** **_The acquisition of other companies, businesses or technologies could result in operating difficulties, dilution and other adverse consequences._** 

As part of our growth strategy, we may from time to time pursue strategic acquisitions of companies, products and technologies or enter into partnerships to strengthen our product and technology infrastructure. We cannot assure you that we will be able to identify suitable acquisition, strategic investment or joint venture opportunities at acceptable cost and on commercially reasonable terms, obtain the financing necessary to complete and support such acquisitions or investments, integrate such businesses or investments or that any business acquired or investment made will be profitable. If we attempt to acquire companies outside of India, we may not be able to satisfy certain regulatory requirements for such acquisitions. 

In addition, acquisitions and investments involve a number of risks, including possible adverse effects on our operating results, exposure to future funding obligations, diversion of management’s attention, failure to retain key personnel, currency risks, risks associated with unanticipated events or liabilities, possible contravention of applicable laws in relation to investment and transfer of shareholding, including any pre-emptive rights of existing shareholders of such entities and difficulties in the assimilation of the operations, technologies, systems, services and products of the acquired businesses or investments, as well as other economic, political and regulatory risks. While we have not undertaken any acquisitions historically, failure to achieve successful integration of any future acquisitions or investments could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Future acquisitions could result in potentially dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses, or write-offs of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial condition and may have an adverse impact on the price of our Equity Shares. 

# **19.** **_Our inability to meet our obligations, including financial and other covenants under our debt financing arrangements could adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Our ability to meet our debt service obligations and repay our outstanding borrowings will depend primarily on the cash generated by our business. Further, our financing agreements contain certain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to undertake certain types of transactions, any of which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. For instance, we are required to repay amounts to our Promoter only through proceeds of a fresh equity infusion. We are required to obtain prior approval from our lenders or provide prior intimation for, among other things: 

- effecting any change in the ownership or control of our Company; 

- effecting any change in the capital structure of our Company; 

- 

   - entering into any schemes of mergers, amalgamations, demerger or reconstruction; 

- declaring and paying dividends, in case of an event of default; and 

30 

- undertaking any material change in the management of business. 

In the event we breach any financial or other covenants contained in any of our financing arrangements or in the event we had breached any terms in the past which is noticed in the future, we may be required to immediately repay our borrowings either in whole or in part, together with any related costs. Our failure to meet our obligations under the debt financing agreements could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. For details in connection with our indebtedness please see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 254. 

# **20.** **_Our Promoter is yet to obtain consent from one of its lenders and is subject to certain conditions under the financing arrangements which restricts its ability to participate in the Offer for Sale._** 

The financing arrangements entered into by our Promoter contain restrictive covenants which require our Promoter to obtain prior consent of its lenders to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its assets. Our Promoter will participate in the Offer through an Offer for Sale pursuant to which it will sell its Equity Shares held in our Company. In this regard, our Promoter has sought to obtain consent from one of its lenders which is pending as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Our Promoter proposes to obtain such consent prior to filing the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC. 

# **21.** **_We have availed certain unsecured borrowings which are repayable on demand. Any such demand may adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We have currently availed certain unsecured borrowings which are repayable on demand, with or without the existence of an event of default. For further details in relation to our indebtedness, please see section titled “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 254. In the event that our lenders seek a repayment of their respective loans, we would need to find alternative sources of financing, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we are unable to procure such financing, we may not have adequate funds to undertake new initiatives or complete our ongoing strategies. As a result, any such demand for repayment of unsecured borrowings may adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **22.** **_Reforms in the healthcare industry and the uncertainty associated with pharmaceutical pricing and reimbursement could adversely affect the pricing and demand for our products._** 

Our success will depend, in part, on the extent to which government and health administration authorities, private health insurers and other third party purchasers will pay for drugs that contain our products. Increasing expenditures for healthcare have been the subject of considerable public attention in almost every jurisdiction where we conduct business. In many countries in which we currently operate, including India, pharmaceutical prices are subject to regulation. Any restriction on the ability of our customers to freely set prices for their drugs that contain our products, may in turn adversely affect our ability to freely price our products and consequently reduce our profits. 

# **23.** **_Non-compliance with and changes in, safety, health, environmental and labor laws and other applicable regulations, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

We are subject to laws and government regulations, including in relation to safety, health, environmental protection and labor. These laws and regulations impose controls on air and water discharge, noise levels, storage handling, employee exposure to hazardous substances and other aspects of our manufacturing operations. Further, our products, including the process of manufacture, storage and distribution of such products, are subject to numerous laws and regulations in relation to quality, safety and health. For details on regulations and policies applicable to our business, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 141. We handle and use hazardous materials in our R&D and manufacturing activities and the improper handling or storage of these materials could result in accidents, injure our personnel, property and damage the environment. We try to prevent such hazards by training our personnel, conducting industrial hygiene assessments and employing other safety measures. However, we cannot assure you that we will not experience accidents in the future. Any accident at our facilities may result in personal injury or loss of life, substantial damage to or destruction of property and equipment resulting in the suspension of operations. For example, in May 2018 and January 2019, certain of our contract employees were involved in reportable safety incidents which resulted in personal injury but not a loss of life. 

In particular, the environmental approvals obtained for our manufacturing facilities prescribe certain conditions, including limits on a facility’s aggregate production output, the output of specific products and effluent discharge amounts. Any failure to comply with such conditions could result in revocation of the licenses and lead to shut down of our facilities. 

Further, laws and regulations may limit the amount of hazardous and pollutant discharge that our manufacturing facilities may release into the air and water. The discharge of materials that are chemical in nature or of other hazardous substances into the air, soil or water beyond these limits may cause us to be liable to regulatory bodies or third parties. 

31 

Any of the foregoing could subject us to litigation, which could lower our profits in the event we were found liable, and could also adversely affect our reputation. Additionally, the government or the relevant regulatory bodies may require us to shut down our manufacturing plants, which in turn could lead to product shortages that delay or prevent us from fulfilling our obligations to customers. 

We are also subject to the laws and regulations governing employees, including in relation to minimum wage and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and termination of employees, contract labor and work permits. We have incurred and expect to continue incurring costs for compliance with such laws and regulations. We have also made and expect to continue making capital expenditures on an on-going basis to comply with all applicable environmental, health and safety and labor laws and regulations. These laws and regulations have, however, become increasingly stringent and it is possible that they will become significantly more stringent in the future. We cannot assure you that we will not be found to be in non-compliance with, or remain in compliance with all applicable environmental, health and safety and labor laws and regulations or the terms and conditions of any consents or permits in the future or that such compliance will not result in a curtailment of production or a material increase in the costs of production. We do not carry any insurance to cover environmental losses and liabilities in India. 

# **24.** **_If we inadvertently infringe on the patents or intellectual property rights of others, we may be subjected to legal action and our business and reputation may be adversely affected._** 

We operate in an industry characterized by extensive patent litigation, including both litigation by innovator companies relating to purported infringement of innovative products and processes by generic pharmaceuticals and litigation by competitors or innovator companies to delay the entry of a product into the market. Patent litigation can result in significant damages being awarded and injunctions that could prevent the manufacture and sale of certain products or require us to pay significant royalties in order to manufacture or sell such products. While it is not possible to predict the outcome of patent litigation, we believe any adverse result of such litigation could include an injunction preventing us from selling our products or payment of significant damages or royalty, which would affect our ability to sell current or future products or prohibit us from enforcing our patent and proprietary rights against others. The occurrence of any of these events could subject us to legal action and adversely affect our business, reputation, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **25.** **_We are dependent on a number of key personnel, including our senior management, and the loss of or our inability to attract or retain such persons could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our performance depends largely on the efforts and abilities of our senior management and other key personnel. We believe that the inputs and experience of our senior management and key managerial personnel are valuable for the growth and development of business and operations and the strategic directions taken by our Company. We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain these employees or find adequate replacements in a timely manner, or at all. We may require a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when qualified personnel terminate their employment with our Company. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting employees that our business requires. The loss of the services of such persons may have an adverse effect on our business, our results of operations and our cash flows. For further details, see “ _Our Management_ ” and “ _Our Promoter and Promoter Group_ ” on pages 151 and 164, respectively. 

The continued operations and growth of our business is dependent upon our ability to attract and retain personnel, including our scientists, who have the necessary and required experience and expertise. Competition for qualified personnel with relevant industry expertise in India is intense. A loss of the services of our key personnel may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, plant managers at each of our manufacturing facilities, who exercise significant oversight over the operations of each facility, change from time to time, which adds to the operational risk at each facility. 

# **26.** **_Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or adequate to protect us against all material hazards, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our operations are subject to hazards inherent in manufacturing facilities such as risk of equipment failure, work accidents, fire, earthquakes, flood and other force majeure events, acts of terrorism and explosions including hazards that may cause injury and loss of life, severe damage to and the destruction of property and equipment and environmental damage. We may also be subject to product liability claims if the products that we manufacture are not in compliance with regulatory standards and the terms of our contractual arrangements. Our principal types of coverage include insurance for industrial all risk, product liability, public liability, directors’ and officers’ liability, group medical claim, group personal accident and business travel accident. As of December 31, 2020, our gross block of total fixed tangible assets and inventory was ₹6,355.40 million and ₹5,081.27 million, respectively, and the insurance coverage on such assets and inventory was ₹6,995.89 million and ₹5,340.00 million, respectively, or 110.08% and 105.09%, respectively. 

32 

While we believe that the insurance coverage which we maintain would be reasonably adequate to cover the normal risks associated with the operation of our business, we cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honored fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage, for which we have not obtained or maintained insurance, or which is not covered by insurance, which exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, cash flows and financial performance could be adversely affected. 

# **27.** **_We have certain contingent liabilities, which, if they materialize, may affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

The following table sets forth our contingent liabilities as of December 31, 2020: 

|**Particulars**|**As of December 31, 2020**<br>_(_₹ **_in million)_**|
|---|---|
|Claim against us not acknowledged as debts–Disputed taxes and duties|22.16|



If a significant portion of our contingent liabilities materialize, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. For details, see “ _Financial Information_ – _Restated Financial Information – Note 29_ ” on page 212. 

# **28.** **_The pharmaceutical industry is intensely competitive and our inability to compete effectively may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and cash flows._** 

The pharmaceutical industry is a highly competitive market with several major pharmaceutical companies present, and therefore it is challenging to improve market share and profitability. In addition, the major pharmaceutical companies may set up pure play API businesses similar to ours, which may impact our market share and profit margins on our products. Many of our competitors may have greater financial, manufacturing, R&D, marketing and other resources, more experience in obtaining regulatory approvals, greater geographic reach, broader product ranges or a stronger sales force. Our competitors may succeed in developing products that are more effective, popular or cheaper than ours, which may render our products uncompetitive and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **29.** **_We face foreign exchange risks that could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows._** 

A significant portion of our total revenues is denominated in currencies other than Indian Rupees. For the nine months ended December 31, 2020, exports to regions outside India accounted for 42.36% of our revenue from operations based on the Restated Financial Information. Although we closely follow our exposure to foreign currencies and selectively enter into hedging transactions in an attempt to reduce the risks of currency fluctuations, these activities are not always sufficient to protect us against incurring potential losses if currencies fluctuate significantly. In addition, the policies of the RBI may also change from time to time, which may limit our ability to effectively hedge our foreign currency exposures and may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. 

# **30.** **_Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. Additionally, our ability to pay dividends may also be restricted by the terms of financing arrangements that we may enter into. For details, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 253. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. For further details, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 172. 

# **31.** **_We are currently entitled to certain incentives and export promotion schemes. Any decrease in or discontinuation of such incentives or export promotion schemes may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

We are currently entitled to certain incentives and export promotion schemes. According to the requirement under such schemes, we are required to export goods of a defined amount, failing which we may have to pay the Government of India a sum equivalent to the duty benefit enjoyed by us under such schemes along with interest. We currently enjoy 

33 

benefits under the Merchandise Exports from India Scheme (“ **MEIS** ”), the objective of which is to compensate exporters who offset infrastructural inefficiencies and associated costs involved in export of products being produced or manufactured in India, especially those having high export intensity and employment potential, thereby enhancing India’s export competitiveness. Under the MEIS, the Government of India provides duty benefits depending on the product and the country of export. However, the amount available under the MEIS has been reduced to ₹20 million for the period from September 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020, and the MEIS has been discontinued since January 1, 2021. 

Any newly introduced or revised policies in relation to tax duties or other such levies issued by the Directorate General of Foreign Trade or relevant tax authorities may deprive us of our existing benefits. Further, our facility at Dahej is located in a special economic zone. New or revised policies in relation to the special economic zone or policies related to tax, duties or other such levies promulgated from time to time by relevant tax authorities may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. We cannot predict the current or future initiatives and there can be no assurance that we will continue to enjoy tax benefits. Any further reduction or withdrawal of such tax incentives or export promotion schemes or our inability to meet any of the conditions prescribed under any of the schemes would adversely affect our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **32.** **_We have commissioned an industry report from Frost & Sullivan which have been used for industry related data in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and such data has not been independently verified by us._** 

We have commissioned Frost & Sullivan to produce a report on the API industry. Frost & Sullivan has provided us with a report titled “The Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (API) Industry Report” dated March 2021 (“ **Frost & Sullivan Report** ”), which has been used for industry related data that has been disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. This report uses certain methodologies for market sizing and forecasting. Neither we nor the Lead Managers have independently verified such data. Accordingly, investors should read the industry related disclosure in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus in this context. Investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on this information. 

# **33.** **_Any failure in our information technology systems could adversely affect our business._** 

We use information and communication technology systems for our business operations. The size and complexity of our computer systems make them potentially vulnerable to breakdown, malicious intrusion and computer viruses. Although we have not experienced any significant disruptions to our information technology systems, we cannot assure you that we will not encounter disruptions in the future. Any such disruption may result in the loss of key information and disruption of production and business processes, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

In addition, our systems are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches, whether by employees or others that may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. Such data security breaches could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, or could lead to the public exposure of personal information (including sensitive personal information) of our employees, customers (including information shared by our CDMO clients for contract manufacturing) and others. Any such security breaches could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **34.** **_Our Promoter and Directors may have interests other than reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration or benefits._** 

Our Promoter may be interested in our Company to the extent of the Equity Shares held by it in our Company, and any dividends, bonuses or other distributions on such Equity Shares. and to the extent of the Trademark License Agreement entered into by our Company with our Promoter. For details of shareholding of our Promoter in our Company, see “ _Capital Structure – Pre-Offer Shareholding of our Promoter and the Promoter Group”_ on page 19. For details regarding the Trade Mark License Agreement see “ _Our Business- Intellectual Property”_ on page 139. We have also entered into business transactions with our Promoter. For details on our related party transactions, see “ _Restated Financial Information_ ” on page 173. Further, our Directors may be interested in our Company to the extent of their shareholding, as nominees on behalf of our Promoter, in the Company. For details of shareholding of our directors in our Company, see “ _Capital Structure- Details of Equity Shares held by our Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, Promoter Group and directors of our Promoter”_ on page 71. 

**35.** **_We intend to use a portion of the Net Proceeds of the Fresh Issue to pay outstanding purchase consideration for the Spin-off under the Business Purchase Agreement to our Promoter. Our Promoter will also sell Equity Shares in the Offer and we will not receive any proceeds from such sale of such Equity Shares by the Promoter. Also, management_** 

34 

# **_has discretion in how it may use a portion of the Net Proceeds of the Fresh Issue. Any variation in the utilization of our Net Proceeds would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders’ approval._** 

We intend to use a portion of the Net Proceeds of the Fresh Issue to pay outstanding purchase consideration for the spin-off of the API business from the Promoter into our Company under the Business Purchase Agreement to our Promoter. Our Promoter will also sell Equity Shares in the Offer and we will not receive any proceeds from such sale of such Equity Shares by the Promoter. 

A portion of the use of the Net Proceeds of the Fresh Issue of Equity Shares in the Issue is at the discretion of the management of our Company. As described in the section titled “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 74, we intend to use the Net Proceeds for various purposes, including but not limited to, (i) payment of outstanding purchase consideration to the Promoter Selling Shareholder for the spin-off of the API business; (ii) funding capital expenditure requirements; and (iii) general corporate purposes. We have estimated the total cost of such capital expenditure to be ₹1,527.64 million. However, we have not entered into any definitive agreements and do not have any definite and specific commitments towards the aforementioned purposes for which our Company intends to use the Net Proceeds. Our Company may have to revise its management estimates from time to time on account of various factors, including factors beyond its control such as market conditions, competition, cost of commodities and interest, and consequently its requirements may change. Additionally, various risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in this section, may limit or delay our Company’s efforts to use the Net Proceeds to achieve profitable growth in its business The planned use of the Net Proceeds is based on current conditions and is subject to changes in external circumstances, costs, other financial conditions or business strategies. Any variation in the planned use of the Net Proceeds would require Shareholders’ approval and may involve considerable time or cost overrun and in such an eventuality it may adversely affect our operations or business. Further, none of the objects of this Issue, for which the Net Proceeds will be utilized, have been appraised by any bank or financial institution or other agency. 

# **36.** 

# **_We intend to utilize a portion of the Net Proceeds for funding our capital expenditure requirements._** 

We intend to utilize a portion of the Net Proceeds for funding our capital expenditure requirements which includes, _inter alia_ , the expansion of capacity at the Dahej manufacturing site to meet the anticipated future demand of our generic API products. Such expansion of our manufacturing capacity may be subject to regulatory restrictions and we may face other challenges. Further, we cannot assure you that such expansion plans will be successfully implemented. Any delay or increase in the costs of construction and equipment could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 

We have yet to place orders for the total capital expenditure. We have not entered into any definitive agreements to utilize the Net Proceeds for this object of the Offer and have relied on the quotations received from third parties for estimation of the cost. While we have obtained the quotations from various vendors in relation to such capital expenditure, most of these quotations are valid for a certain period of time and may be subject to revisions, and other commercial and technical factors, including our financial and market condition, business and strategy, competition, negotiation with suppliers, variation in cost estimates on account of factors, including changes in design or configuration of the equipment and interest or exchange rate fluctuations and other external factors including changes in the price of the equipment due to variation in commodity prices (including steel) which may not be within the control of our management. We cannot assure you that we will be able to undertake such capital expenditure within the cost indicated by such quotations or that there will not be cost escalations. For details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” at page 74. 

# **37.** **_Certain portion of the Net Proceeds are proposed to be paid to the Promoter of our Company._** 

Our Company entered into a Business Purchase Agreement with our Promoter pursuant to which the API business was spun off into our Company from our Promoter. The aggregate consideration for the spin off in accordance with the Business Purchase Agreement is ₹11,621.94 million. As on December 31, 2020, our Company had paid ₹3,035.51 million (inclusive of interest) to the Promoter, and our outstanding liability towards the Promoter was ₹9,585.12 million (inclusive of interest). As part of the objects of the Offer, our Company proposes to pay an amount of ₹9,000 million from the Net Proceeds towards payment of remaining purchase consideration to our Promoter. In addition to such payment, our Promoter shall also receive proceeds pursuant to the Offer for Sale. For further details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 74. 

**38.** **_Our manufacturing facilities, R&D facilities, Registered and Corporate Offices are situated on leasehold lands. Failure to comply with the conditions of the use of such land could result in an adverse impact on our business and operations. Further, there can be no assurance that these lease agreements will be renewed upon termination or that we will be able to obtain other premises on lease on same or similar commercial terms._** 

Our manufacturing facilities located in Dahej and Ankleshwar in Gujarat, and Mohol and Kurkumbh in Maharashtra are situated on leasehold lands. Further, our R&D facilities in Dahej, Ankleshwar and Mahape are also situated on 

35 

leasehold lands. For further details, see “ _Our Business – Manufacturing Facilities and Approvals” and “Our Business – Immovable Properties_ ” on pages 132 and 139. 

Under the terms of some of our lease arrangements, we are required to comply with certain ongoing conditions which include _inter alia_ (i) using the leased premises for only authorized purposes (ii) complying with pollution control norms and (iii) employing local persons. If we fail to meet any such conditions, we may be required to incur liability. Termination of such lease/ license arrangements due to any breach, or our failure to renew such agreements on favorable conditions and in a timely manner, or at all, could require us to vacate such facilities, and could materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. Such lease/license agreements also include escalation clauses that provide for an increase in license fee payable by us during the term of such agreements. In addition to such terms and conditions, our facility in Dahej is also governed by the provisions of the Special Economic Zones Act, 2005 and the Special Economic Zones Rules. Any adverse change to these laws could materially affect our business and operations. 

Further, our Registered Office and Corporate Office are located on leased premises, and our Promoter has permitted us to use these premises. These arrangements may be terminated in accordance with their respective terms, and any termination or non-renewal of leases or arrangements could adversely affect our operations. We cannot assure you that we will be able to renew any such arrangements when the term of the original arrangement expires, on similar terms or on terms reasonable for us or that such arrangements will not be prematurely terminated (including for reasons that may be beyond our control). The failure to identify suitable premises for relocation of existing properties, if required, could have an adverse effect on our production, prospects, business and results of operations. 

# **39.** **_Our Company, Promoter and Directors are or may be involved in certain legal and regulatory proceedings. Any adverse decision in such proceedings may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations_ .** 

There are outstanding legal and regulatory proceedings involving our Company, Promoter and Directors which are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and other authorities. Such proceedings could divert the management’s time and attention and consume financial resources in their defense or prosecution. The amounts claimed in these proceedings have been disclosed to the extent that such amounts are ascertainable and quantifiable and include amounts claimed jointly and severally, as applicable. Any unfavorable decision in connection with such proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The summary of such outstanding material legal and regulatory proceedings as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is set out below: 

|**Types of Proceedings**|**Number of Cases**|**Amount (in ₹ million)***|
|---|---|---|
|**_Litigation against our Company_**|||
|Material civil litigation|5|1.21|
|Indirect tax|4|52.98|
|**_Litigation by our Company_**|||
|Criminal proceedings|1|Not applicable|
|**_Litigation against our Promoter_**|||
|Criminal proceedings|6|Not applicable|
|Actions by regulatory and statutory authorities|11|641.19|
|Direct tax|19|1,156.64|
|Indirect tax|16|1,250.67|
|**_Litigation by our Promoter_**|||
|Criminal litigation|2|4.29|
|**_Litigation against our Directors_**|||
|Actions by regulatory and statutory authorities|1|0.89|



_* To the extent quantifiable._ 

We cannot assure you that any of these matters will be settled in favor of our Company, Promoter or Directors, respectively, or that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. An adverse outcome in any of these proceedings may have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, prospects, results of operations and our reputation. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 283. 

Further, companies promoted by our Promoter may also be parties to legal or regulatory proceedings from time to time. For example, Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Inc., USA (“ **Glenmark USA** ”), is currently defending an allegation by the US Department of Justice relating to fixing of prices of generic drugs sold in the United States. Our Company is neither a party nor are there any allegations against our Company in the proceedings. For details on our related party transactions with Glenmark USA, see “ _Restated Financial Information_ .” 

36 

# **40.** **_The Pro Forma Financial Information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus to reflect the spin-off of the API business of Glenmark into our Company is not indicative of our expected results or operations in the future periods or our future financial position or a substitute for our past results._** 

On July 10, 2018, our Company became a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Promoter, Glenmark, when Glenmark acquired 100% equity interest in our Company. On January 1, 2019, the API business of Glenmark comprising of, inter alia, the manufacturing facilities, movable assets, intellectual property, employees and all the liabilities attributable to the API business was spun off into our Company (the “ **Spin-off** ”). For further details on the Spin-off, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Basis of Preparation of the Pro Forma Financial Information” on page 268; “History and Certain Corporate Matters – _Material acquisitions or divestments of business or undertakings, mergers, amalgamations or revaluation of assets in the last 10 years_ ” on page 149; 

Our Pro Forma Financial Information as at and for the nine months ended December 31, 2020 and the financial years 2020, 2019 and 2018 present a theoretical situation to demonstrate the effects of the Spin-off on our Company, including the results of operations and the financial position that would have resulted as if the Spin-off had taken place at the earliest of the periods presented (i.e. April 1, 2017). For further details, see “ _Financial Information_ – _Pro Forma Financial Information_ ” on page 223. Our Pro Forma Financial Information does not include all of the information required for financial statements under Indian GAAP or Ind AS and should be read in conjunction with the “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Basis of Preparation of the Pro Forma Financial Information_ ” on page 269 and “ _Accounting policies_ ” appearing in the Restated Financial Information and Pro Forma Financial Information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Further, our Pro Forma Financial Information were not prepared in connection with an offering registered with the SEC under the U.S. Securities Act and consequently do not comply with the SEC’s rules on presentation of the Pro Forma Financial Information. Accordingly, the Pro Forma Financial Information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is not intended to be indicative of expected results or operations in the future periods or the future financial position of our Company or a substitute for our past results, and the degree of reliance placed by investors in other jurisdictions on our Pro Forma Financial Information should be limited. 

# **41.** **_The COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency, could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Since first being reported in December 2019, the outbreak of COVID-19 has spread globally. The World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 to be a public health emergency of international concern on January 30, 2020, and a global pandemic on March 11, 2020. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency could have, repercussions across regional and global economies and financial markets. The outbreak of COVID-19 in many countries, including India and the United States, has significantly and adversely impacted economic activity and has contributed to significant volatility and negative pressure in financial markets, and it is possible that the outbreak of COVID-19 will cause a prolonged global economic crisis, recession or depression, despite monetary and fiscal interventions by governments and central banks globally. 

The global impact of the outbreak has been rapidly evolving. As cases of COVID-19 have continued to be identified in additional countries, many jurisdictions, including the governments of India, the United States and the other markets in which we conduct business, have reacted by instituting restrictive measures including invoking lock downs and quarantines, requiring the closure of non-essential businesses and placing restrictions on the types of businesses that may continue to operate, mandating restrictions on travel, implementing “shelter-in-place” rules and “stay-at-home” orders, and enforcing remote working regulations. No prediction can be made of when any of the restrictions currently in place will be relaxed or expire, or whether or when further restrictions will be announced. Although some governments are beginning to ease or lift these restrictions, the impacts from the severe disruptions caused by the effective shutdown of large segments of the global economy or localized lockdowns remain unknown. 

On March 24, 2020, the Government of India ordered a national lockdown in response to the spread of COVID-19. Our business was determined to be operating in an essential industry, which allowed us to continue our operations subsequent to the introduction of the lockdown in India, subject to certain adjustments in working patterns. 

There can be no assurance that there will not be any material impact on our operations if the outbreak of COVID-19 is not effectively controlled. Although some restrictions have been eased, it is not yet clear when the lockdown conditions will be fully lifted in India. Further, although we were declared an essential business and were able to adjust our business to continue operating during the lockdown, there can be no assurance that further restrictions will not be introduced or that we will continue to retain such essential status. Further, we may be required to quarantine employees that are suspected of being infected of COVID-19, as well as others that have come into contact with those employees or shut down our manufacturing facilities as a health measure, which could have an adverse effect on our business operations 

37 

or result in a delay in the production and supply of products to our customers in a timely manner. If any of our suppliers are affected by COVID-19 to the extent our supply chain is disrupted, this may affect our ability to meet the demand of our customers. For instance, we have experienced some disruptions in the supply of raw materials from our suppliers in China as well as an increase in transport costs as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak. 

The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency impacts our business, operations and financial results will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including the scope, severity, and duration of the pandemic; actions taken by governments, business and individuals in response to the pandemic; the effect on customer demand for and ability to pay for our products; the impact on our capital expenditure and drug development projects; disruptions or restrictions on our employees’ and suppliers’ ability to work and travel; volatility in foreign exchange rates; any extended period of remote work arrangements; and strain on our or our customers’ business continuity plans, and resultant operational risk. 

The COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency could therefore materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **42.** **_We have had negative net cash flows from operations in the past and may continue to have negative cash flows in the future._** 

The following table sets forth our cash flow for the period indicated (prior to the acquisition of our Company by Glenmark) based on our Restated Financial Information: 

||**_(in ₹ million)_**|
|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Financial Year 2018**|
|Net cash (used in) operating activities|(4.81)|



Negative cash flows over extended periods or significant negative cash flows in the short term, could materially impact our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans. For further details, see “ _Financial Information_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” beginning on pages 173 and 254, respectively. 

# **43.** **_We reported a restated loss in the financial year 2018 and may incur additional losses in the future._** 

We reported a restated loss of ₹4.34 million in the financial year 2018 (prior to the acquisition of our Company by Glenmark) based on our Restated Financial Information. We may incur losses after tax in the future. Our failure to generate profits may adversely affect the market price of our Equity Shares, restrict our ability to pay dividends and impair our ability to raise capital and expand our business. 

# **External Risk Factors** 

# **_Risks Related to India_** 

# **44.** **_Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

The Indian economy and capital markets are influenced by economic, political and market conditions in India and globally. We currently manufacture only in India and, as a result, are dependent on prevailing economic conditions in India. Our results of operations are significantly affected by factors influencing the Indian economy. Factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy, and hence our results of operations, may include: 

- the macroeconomic climate, including any increase in Indian interest rates or inflation; 

- any exchange rate fluctuations, the imposition of currency controls and restrictions on the right to convert or repatriate currency or export assets; 

- any scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing for our expansions; 

- prevailing income conditions among Indian consumers and Indian corporates; 

- 

   - volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; 

- changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies; 

38 

- political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighboring countries; 

- occurrence of natural or man-made disasters (such as typhoons, flooding, earthquakes and fires) which may cause us to suspend our operations; 

- civil unrest, acts of violence, terrorist attacks, regional conflicts or situations or war; and 

- epidemic, pandemic or any other public health in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighboring countries, such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID-19 pandemic; 

- prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; 

- any downgrading of India’s debt rating by a domestic or international rating agency; 

- international business practices that may conflict with other customs or legal requirements to which we are subject, including anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws; 

- protectionist and other adverse public policies, including local content requirements, import/export tariffs, increased regulations or capital investment requirements; 

- logistical and communications challenges; 

- financial instability in financial markets; 

- difficulty in developing any necessary partnerships with local businesses on commercially acceptable terms or on a timely basis; 

- being subject to the jurisdiction of foreign courts, including uncertainty of judicial processes and difficulty enforcing contractual agreements or judgments in foreign legal systems or incurring additional costs to do so; and 

- other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India or its construction sector. 

Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **45.** **_Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of corporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes, including the instances mentioned below, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. 

For instance, the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2019, a tax legislation issued by India’s Ministry of Finance effective as of September 20, 2019, prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. According to this legislation, companies can henceforth voluntarily opt in favour of a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which reduces the rate of income tax payable to 22% subject to compliance with conditions prescribed, from the erstwhile 25% or 30% depending upon the total turnover or gross receipt in the relevant period. Any such future amendments may affect our other benefits such as exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemption for interest received in respect of tax free bonds, and long-term capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. 

Further, the Government of India has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2022, pursuant to which the Finance Bill, 2021 (“ **Finance Bill** ”), has introduced various amendments. The Finance Bill has received assent from the President of India on March 28, 2021, and has been enacted as the Finance Act, 2021 (“ **Finance Act** ”). We have not fully determined the impact of these recent and proposed laws and regulations on our business. We cannot predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Act would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. Uncertainty 

39 

in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

The Finance Act has also clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. 

As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act may have on our Company’s business and operations. Further, our Company cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **46.** **_A downgrade in credit ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. India’s sovereign rating decreased from Baa2 with a “negative” outlook to Baa3 with a “negative” outlook by Moody’s and from BBB with a “stable” outlook to BBB with a “negative” outlook (Fitch) in June 2020; and from BBB “stable” to BBB “negative” by DBRS in May 2020. India’s sovereign ratings from S&P is BBB- with a “stable” outlook in September 2020. Any further adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for reasons beyond our control such as, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **47.** **_If inflation rises in India, increased costs may result in a decline in profits._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increasing inflation in India could cause a rise in the costs of rent, wages, raw materials and other expenses. High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our clients, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. If we are unable to increase our revenues sufficiently to offset our increased costs due to inflation, it could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, the GoI has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

# **48.** **_Investors may have difficulty in enforcing foreign judgments against our Company or our management._** 

Our Company is a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of India. All of our directors and executive officers are residents of India. All of our Company’s assets are located in India. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process upon us or such persons in India or to enforce judgments obtained against our Company or such parties outside India. 

India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions, which includes, the United Kingdom, Singapore, UAE, and Hong Kong. A judgment from certain specified courts located in a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908, as amended (“ **Civil Procedure Code** ”). The United States has not been notified as a reciprocating territory. 

In order to be enforceable, a judgment obtained in a jurisdiction which India recognizes as a reciprocating territory must meet certain requirements of the Civil Procedure Code. Section 13 of the Civil Procedure Code provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated on except (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case, (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable, (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice, (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. Under the Civil Procedure Code, a court in India shall, on the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgment, presume that the judgment was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record; 

40 

such presumption may be displaced by proving want of jurisdiction. The Civil Procedure Code only permits the enforcement of monetary decrees, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, or other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalty and does not provide for the enforcement of arbitration awards even if such awards are enforceable as a decree or judgment. A foreign judgment rendered by a superior court (as defined under the Civil Procedure Code) in any jurisdiction outside India which the Government of India has by notification declared to be a reciprocating territory, may be enforced in India by proceedings in execution as if the judgment had been rendered by a competent court in India.. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. 

However, the party in whose favor such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the United States or other such jurisdiction within three years of obtaining such final judgment. It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Moreover, it is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages to the extent awarded in a final judgment rendered outside India if it believes that the amount of damages awarded were excessive or inconsistent with public policy in Indian. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain the prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered, and we cannot assure that such approval will be forthcoming within a reasonable period of time, or at all, or that conditions of such approvals would be acceptable. Such amount may also be subject to income tax in accordance with applicable law. 

Consequently, it may not be possible to enforce in an Indian court any judgment obtained in a foreign court, or effect service of process outside of India, against Indian companies, entities, their directors and executive officers and any other parties resident in India. Additionally, there is no assurance that a suit brought in an Indian court in relation to a foreign judgment will be disposed of in a timely manner. 

# **49.** **_Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Foreign investment in Indian securities is subject to regulation by Indian regulatory authorities. Under the FDI Policy notified by the DPIIT effective from October 15, 2020, as amended and the FEMA Non-debt Instrument Rules, FDI in the pharmaceutical sector is permitted (i) up to 100% in greenfield investments under the automatic route; and (ii) up to 100% (automatic route up to 74% and government route beyond 74%) in brownfield investments. Further, the Government of India may incorporate appropriate conditions for FDI in brownfield investments at the time of granting approval. FDI in the pharmaceutical sector is subject to conditions such as non-compete which is not allowed except in special circumstances with governmental approval. Further, the Government of India on April 22, 2020 amended the FEMA Non-debt Instruments Rules pursuant to which any investment into India by an entity of a country which shares a land border with India, or the beneficial owner of an investment into India who is situated in or is a citizen of any such country, shall require the approval of the Government of India. 

In addition, under foreign exchange regulations which are currently in force in India, transfer of shares between nonresidents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the valuation and reporting requirements specified under applicable law. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and does not fall under any of the exceptions, then prior approval of the relevant regulatory authority is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. Further, this conversion is subject to the shares having been held on a repatriation basis and, either the security having been sold in compliance with the pricing guidelines or, the relevant regulatory approval having been obtained for the sale of shares and corresponding remittance of the sale proceeds. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained with or without any particular terms or conditions. 

For further information, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 333. Our ability to raise any foreign capital under the FDI route is therefore constrained by Indian law, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects. 

# **50.** **_Our ability to raise foreign capital may be constrained by Indian law._** 

As an Indian company, we are subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies. Such regulatory restrictions limit our financing sources and could constrain our ability to obtain financings on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, we cannot assure you that any required regulatory approvals for 

41 

borrowing in foreign currencies will be granted to us without onerous conditions, or at all. Limitations on foreign debt may have an adverse effect on our business growth, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **51.** **_Investors can be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares or dividend paid thereon._** 

Under current Indian tax laws and regulations, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realized on the sale of equity shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold using any other platform other than on a recognized stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, are subject to long-term capital gains tax in India. Until March 31, 2018, any gain realized on the sale of equity shares, listed on a stock exchange and held for more than 12 months was not subject to capital gains tax in India if STT was paid on the transaction. However, with the enactment of the Finance Act, 2018 the exemption previously granted in respect of payment of long-term capital gains tax has been withdrawn and such taxes are now payable by the investors with effect from April 1, 2018. The Finance Act, 2018 provides that existing investors are eligible for relief on such capital gains accrued until January 31, 2018 and any long-term capital gains made after January 31, 2018 shall be subject to taxation. 

The Finance Act, 2019 amended the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 with effect from July 1, 2020 clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2019 may have on our Company’s business and operations. 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short-term capital gains tax in India. In cases where the seller is a non-resident, capital gains arising from the sale of the equity shares will be partially or wholly exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. 

Further, the Government of India has announced the union budget for the fiscal 2022, pursuant to which the Finance Bill, 2021 (“ **Finance Bill** ”) has introduced various amendments. The Finance Bill has received assent from the President of India on March 28, 2021, and has been enacted as the Finance Act, 2021 (“ **Finance Act** ”). We have not fully determined the impact of these recent and proposed laws and regulations on our business. We cannot predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Act would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. 

The Finance Act has also clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer of consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. 

Historically, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the equity shares. 

Further, we cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **52.** **_Increasing employee compensation in India may erode some of our competitive advantage and may reduce our profit margins, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Employee compensation in India has historically been significantly lower than employee compensation in the United States and Western Europe for comparably skilled professionals, which has been one of our competitive strengths. However, compensation increases in India may erode some of this competitive advantage and may negatively affect our profit margins. Employee compensation in India is increasing at a faster rate than in the United States and Western Europe, which could result in increased costs relating to scientists and engineers, managers and other mid-level professionals. We may need to continue to increase the levels of our employee compensation to remain competitive and manage attrition. Compensation increases may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

42 

# **53.** **_Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be different from laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. 

# **54.** **_We may be affected by competition law in India and any adverse application or interpretation of the Competition Act could in turn adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act prohibits any anti competition agreement or arrangement, understanding or action in concert between enterprises, whether formal or informal, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. 

The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. The combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to, and preapproved by, the Competition Commission of India, or CCI. Any breach of the provisions of Competition Act, may attract substantial monetary penalties. 

The Competition Act aims to, among other things, prohibit all agreements and transactions, which may have an appreciable adverse effect in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside of India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an appreciable adverse effect in India. We are not currently party to any outstanding proceedings, nor have we ever received any notice in relation to non-compliance with the Competition Act. Any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI in future, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**55.** **_Significant differences exist between Ind AS used to prepare our financial information and other accounting principles, such as IFRS and U.S. GAAP, with which investors may be more familiar._** 

Our Restated Consolidated Financial Information for Fiscal Years 2018, 2019 and 2020 and the nine months ended December 31, 2020 included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are presented in conformity with Ind AS, in each case restated in accordance with the requirements of Section 26 of part I of the Companies Act, 2013, the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note on “Reports in Company Prospectus (Revised 2019)” issued by the ICAI. Ind AS differs from accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar, such as Indian GAAP, IFRS and U.S. GAAP. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP or IFRS. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS and Indian GAAP. Accordingly, the degree to which the Ind AS and Indian GAAP financial statements, which are restated as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

# **_Risks Related to the Issue_** 

**56.** **_Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and may experience price and volume fluctuations following the completion of the Offer. Further, our Equity Shares may not result in an active or liquid market and the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price or at all._** 

We cannot guarantee that an active trading market will develop or be sustained after the offering. Nor can we predict the prices at which the Equity Shares may trade after the offering. 

The Offer Price of our Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. If you purchase the Equity Shares in our initial public offering, you may not be able to resell them at or above the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that the Offer Price of the Equity Shares, or the market price following our initial public offering, will equal or exceed prices in privately negotiated transactions of our shares that may have occurred from time to time prior to our initial public offering. The market price of the Equity Shares may decline or fluctuate significantly due to a number of factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including: 

- developments with respect to the spread or worsening of the COVID-19 pandemic; 

43 

- the impact of COVID-19 on our business operations and our ability to be able to service customers, and the consequential impact on our operating results; 

- actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 

- announcements about our earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations; 

- the public’s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements in relation to us or our affiliates and filings with the regulator; 

- significant liability claims, complaints from our customers, shortages or interruptions in the availability of raw materials, or reports of incidents of tampering of raw materials; 

- changes in senior management or key personnel; 

- macroeconomic conditions in India; 

- fluctuations of exchange rates; 

- the operating and stock price performance of comparable companies; 

- changes in our shareholder base; 

- changes in our dividend policy; 

- issuances, exchanges or sales, or expected issuances, exchanges or sales; 

- changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; and 

- changes in the regulatory and legal environment in which we operate; or 

- market conditions in the construction and development industry and the domestic and worldwide economies as a whole, including in relation to the COVID-19 crisis. 

Any of these factors may result in large and sudden changes in the volume and trading price of the Equity Shares. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, shareholders have often instituted securities class action litigation against that company. If we were involved in a class action suit, it could divert the attention of management, and, if adversely determined, have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **57.** **_Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked securities by us may dilute your shareholding and any sale of Equity Shares by our Promoter may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any future issuance of the Equity Shares or securities linked to the Equity Shares by our Company, including issuance of Equity Shares to eligible employees (as defined in ESOP 2021) , may dilute your shareholding. Any such future issuance of the Equity Shares or future sales of the Equity Shares by any of our significant shareholders may also adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and impact our ability to raise funds through an offering of our securities. Any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. Additionally, the disposal, pledge or encumbrance of the Equity Shares by any of our significant shareholders, or the perception that such transactions may occur, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that our existing Shareholder (i.e. our Promoter) will not dispose of further Equity Shares after the completion of the Issue (subject to compliance with the lock-in provisions under the SEBI ICDR Regulations) or pledge or encumber its Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of shareholder’s investment in the Equity Shares and adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. Such securities may also be issued at prices below the Offer Price. We may also issue convertible debt securities to finance our future growth or fund our business activities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. 

# **58.** **_Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company incorporated in India must offer its equity shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to 

44 

issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by shareholders of such company. 

However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares, your proportional interests in our Company may be reduced. 

# **59.** **_QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Bidders and Eligible GPL Shareholders Bidding in the Shareholders Reservation Portion can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Issue within six Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date, or such other timeline as may be prescribed under applicable law, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Issue or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

45 

