# **SECTION II – RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, the industry in which we operate or to India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not currently known to us or that we currently do not deem material may also adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are not currently deemed material, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected, the price of our Equity Shares could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. In order to obtain a complete understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Restated Financial Statements” beginning on pages 181, 146, 300 and 246, respectively, of this Red Herring Prospectus, as well as the other financial and statistical and other information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of our Company and our business and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved._ 

_Prospective investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are unable to quantify the financial or other impact of any of the risks described in this section. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 22 of this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information included herein is based on or derived from our Restated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Restated Financial Statements” beginning on page 246 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Unless the context otherwise requires, in this section, references to “we”, “us”, “our”, “our Company”, or “the Company” refers to Global Surfaces Limited._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the report titled “Report on Natural and Engineered Stone Industry” dated December 2022 (the “_ **_CARE Report_** _”) prepared and issued by CARE Advisory Research and Training Limited commissioned by us. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the CARE Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year._ 

# **RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS** 

**_1. The continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations is uncertain and it may be significant and continue to have an adverse effect on our business, operations and our future financial performance._** 

The World Health Organization declared the novel coronavirus disease (“ **COVID-19** ”) outbreak a Public Health Emergency of International Concern on January 30, 2020, and a pandemic on 

33 

March 11, 2020. The rapid and diffused spread of COVID-19 and global health concerns relating to this pandemic have had a severe negative impact on, among other things, financial markets, liquidity, economic conditions and trade and could continue to do so or could worsen for an unknown period of time, that could in turn continue to have a material adverse impact on our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition, including liquidity and growth. The Company’s average monthly net sales during the financial year 2019-20 was Rs. 135.55 million, however with the onset of the Covid-19 pandemic, our Company experienced a fall in the revenue in the month of April 2020 and May 2020 to Rs. 30.25 million and Rs. 61.54 million respectively. The same impacted the profitability of our Company as there was minimal change in the fixed cost of the Company. Further, production activities at our manufacturing facilities were halted for a few days in the months of March 2020 and April 2020 which resulted in our production capacity being unutilized during this said period. The average monthly collection from our debtors which was Rs. 149.62 million during the financial year 2019-20, experienced a decline as we could receive only Rs. 77.15 million and Rs 37.36 million in the months of April and May, 2020 respectively. 

Additionally, we cannot predict the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our customers, suppliers and other business partners, and each of their financial conditions; however, any material effect on any of these parties could in turn have an adverse impact on us. As a result of these uncertainties, the impact may vary significantly from that estimated by our management from time to time, and any action to contain or mitigate such impact, whether governmentmandated or opted by us, may not have the anticipated effect or may fail to achieve its intended purpose altogether. Our existing insurance coverage may not provide protection or coverage for any costs that may arise from all such possible events. 

The COVID-19 pandemic may cause us to continue to experience the foregoing challenges in our business in the future and could have other effects on our business, including disrupting our ability to develop new offerings enhance existing offerings, market, and sell our products and conduct business activities generally. 

The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may impact our business and results of operations will also depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the disease, the duration and spread of the outbreak, the scope of travel restrictions imposed in geographic areas in which we operate, mandatory or voluntary business closures, the impact on businesses and financial and capital markets and the extent and effectiveness of the development and distribution of vaccines and other actions taken throughout the world to contain the virus or treat its impact. An extended period of global supply chain and economic disruption as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic could have a material negative impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

# **_2. We are dependent on a few customers for a major part of our revenues. Further we do not enter into long-term arrangements with our customers and any failure to continue our existing arrangements could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our sales are concentrated to a few customers with our top 3 customers contributing 67.38%, 73.08%, 65.41% and 60.11% respectively and our top 10 customers contributing 83.63%, 86.04%, 82.77% and 83.14% respectively, of our revenues during the Fiscal 2020, 2021 and 2022 and the period ended September 30, 2022, respectively. However, there is no direct/ indirect relationship between such entities and our Company, our Promoter, Directors and Promoter Group members. We presently do not have any long-term or exclusive arrangements with any of our customers and we cannot assure you that we will be able to sell the quantities we have historically supplied to such customers. In the event our competitors’ products offer better margins to such customers or otherwise incentivize them, there can be no assurance that our customers will continue to place orders with us. Most of our transactions with our customers are 

34 

typically on a purchase order basis without any commitment for a fixed volume of business. There can also be no assurance that our customers will place their orders with us on current or similar terms, or at all. Further, our customers could change their business practices or seek to modify the terms that we have customarily followed with them, including in relation to their payment terms. While we negotiate product prices and payment terms with our customers, in the event our customers alter their requirements, it could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, our customers may also cancel purchase orders at short notice or without notice, which could have an impact on our inventory management. In the event of frequent cancellations of purchase orders, the same could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Although our Company maintains long-term relationship with our major customers, there can be no assurance that we will continue to maintain such relationship with our customers. Further, in the event our customers experience any delays in placing orders with us, or if they prefer to buy the products of our competitors, it could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our inability to maintain our existing customer network could have a negative impact on our sales, business growth prospects, result in slowdown of operation, financial conditions and cash flows. Further, the performance of our customers, their sales network and their ability to expand their businesses are crucial to the future growth of our business and directly affect our sales volume and profitability. If any of the customers fails to sell our products to the end customers, or if our relationships with our customers are affected, our profitability could be significantly affected. 

# **_3. We do not have long-term agreements with our suppliers for raw materials and an inability to procure the desired quality, quantity of our raw materials in a timely manner and at reasonable costs, or at all, may have a negative impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our purchases of raw materials are concentrated from a few suppliers with our top 10 suppliers contributing 67.01%, 67.95%, 76.99% and 66.38% of the total purchases of raw materials during the Fiscal 2020, 2021 and 2022 and the period ended September 30, 2022, respectively. The top 3 domestic suppliers contributed 44.05%, 33.91%, 43.71% and 41.99% and top 3 foreign suppliers contributed 0.24%, Nil, 1.16% and Nil of the total purchases of raw materials during the Fiscal 2020, 2021 and 2022 and the period ended September 30, 2022, respectively. However, there is no direct/ indirect relationship between such entities and our Company, our Promoter, Directors and Promoter Group members. Our ability to remain competitive, maintain costs and profitability depend, in part, on our ability to source and maintain a stable and sufficient supply of raw materials at acceptable prices. Our major raw materials include blocks of stones, grit, powder, pigments, resins and other chemicals. For further information, see _“Our Business – Procurement of Raw Materials”_ on page 196 of this Red Herring Prospectus. We depend on external suppliers for all the raw materials required and typically purchase raw materials on a purchase order basis and place such orders with them in advance based on our projected requirements. As a result, the success of our business is significantly dependent on maintaining good relationships with our raw material suppliers. The absence of long-term supply contracts subjects us to risks such as price volatility caused by various factors viz. commodity market fluctuations, currency fluctuations, climatic and environmental conditions, production and transportation cost, changes in domestic as well as international government policies, regulatory changes and trade sanctions. Some portion of our raw materials and consumables are also imported. We had imported 0.24%, Nil, 1.16% and Nil% of our total purchases of raw materials during the Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022 and the period ended September 30, 2022 respectively. Vietnam, Belgium and Spain constituted the countries from which the raw materials were imported during the last three financial years. As a result, we continue to remain susceptible to the risks arising out of raw material price, foreign exchange rate fluctuations as well as import duties, which could result in a decline in our operating margins. If we cannot fully offset the 

35 

increase in raw material prices with increase in the prices for our products, we will experience lower profit margins, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and ultimately lead to a liquidity crunch. In the absence of such contracts, we are also exposed to the risk of unavailability of certain raw materials in desired quantities and qualities, in a timely manner. 

Although we have not faced significant disruptions in the procurement of raw materials in the past, COVID-19 pandemic temporarily affected our ability to source raw materials from certain vendors who were unable to transport raw materials to us. There can thus, be no assurance that in future we will be able to procure the required quantities and quality of raw materials commensurate with our requirements. In Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022 and the period ended September 30, 2022, the cost of raw materials and components consumed represents 43.72%, 45.25%, 51.82% and 50.17% respectively, of our revenue from operations. There can also be no assurance that a particular supplier will continue to supply us with raw materials in the future. Any delay in supplying finished products to customers in accordance with the terms and conditions of the purchase orders, such as delivery within a specified time, as a result of delayed raw material supply, could result in the customer refusing to accept our products, which may have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. Further, we cannot assure you of our ability to enter into fresh agreements or renew our existing arrangements with suppliers on terms acceptable to us, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to source raw materials in a commercially viable and timely manner as well as the commitments to our customers, which may impact our business and profitability. 

Further, as we generally receive purchase orders for supply of our products to customers, we rely on historical trends and other indicators to purchase the required quantities of raw materials. We, therefore, run the risk of purchasing more raw materials than necessary, which could expose us to risks associated with prolonged storage of some of these materials, and materially affect our results of operations. Conversely, if our customers place orders for greater quantities of products compared to their historical requirements, we may not be able to adequately source the necessary raw materials in a timely manner and may not have the required available manufacturing capacity to meet such demand. In addition, if all or a significant number of our suppliers for any particular raw material are unable or unwilling to meet our requirements or if our estimates fall short of the demand, we could suffer shortages or significant cost increases. Continued supply disruptions could exert pressure on our costs, and we cannot assure you that all or part of any increased costs can be passed along to our customers in a timely manner or at all, which could negatively affect our business, overall profitability and financial performance. 

**_4. Major portion of our revenues are derived from exports to the United States of America and any adverse developments in this market or restrained economic or political relations of India with the United States of America could adversely affect our business._** 

We have historically derived a significant portion of our revenues from exports to the United States of America. In Fiscal 2022 and period ended September 30, 2022, the revenue generated from exports to the USA represented 99.13% and 94.85% respectively of our operating revenue. Accordingly, any materially adverse social, political or economic development, natural calamities, civil disruptions, regulatory developments or changes in the policies of the government in the USA could adversely affect our manufacturing and distribution activities, result in modification of our business strategy or require us to incur significant capital expenditure, which will in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, our sales from this region may decline as a result of increased competition, regulatory action, pricing pressures, fluctuations in the demand for or supply of our products or services, the outbreak of an infectious disease such as COVID-19, antidumping/ trade policies or geopolitical tensions. For instance, sales of engineered quartz surface products from India are presently subject to anti-dumping duty of 3.19 applicable from July 2022 and counter-vailing duty ranging from 2.34% to 1.57% with effect from June 2020. Our failure 

36 

to effectively react to these situations or to successfully introduce new products or services in this market could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The occurrence of, or our inability to effectively respond to, any such events or effectively manage the competition in the region, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and future business prospects. 

# **_5. Under-utilization of our production capacities could have an adverse effect on our business, future prospects and future financial performance._** 

As of September 30, 2022, we are operating out of two Units in Jaipur, Rajasthan with an aggregate estimated installed production capacity of 4,71,164 sq. mtr. per annum for natural stones and 5,21,643 sq. mtr. per annum for engineered quartz. Our ability to maintain our profitability depends on our ability to optimize the product mix to support high-margin products and products with consistent long-term demand and the demand-supply balance of our products in the principal and target markets. In particular, the level of our capacity utilization can impact our operating results. Capacity utilization is also affected by our product mix and the demand and supply balance. 

In Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022, our overall capacity utilization for natural stones was 63%, 57.20% and 28.74%, respectively and for engineered quartz was 70.38%, 64.01% and 68.96%, respectively. For further information, see _“Our Business – Capacity and Capacity Utilization”_ on page 195 of this Red Herring Prospectus. These rates are not indicative of future capacity utilization rates, which are dependent on various factors, including demand for our products, availability of raw materials, shipping cost, our ability to manage our inventory and improving operational efficiency. Under-utilization of our production capacities over extended periods or significant under-utilization in the short-term could materially and adversely impact our business, growth prospects and future financial performance. 

Our capacity utilization levels are dependent on our ability to carry out uninterrupted operations at Units, the availability of raw materials, industry/ market conditions, as well as by the product requirements of, and procurement practice followed by our customers. In the event we face prolonged disruptions at our facilities including due to interruptions in the supply of electricity, water or as a result of labour unrest, or are unable to procure sufficient raw materials, we would not be able to achieve full capacity utilization of our current Units, resulting in operational inefficiencies which could have a materially adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Further, we intend to use a part of the Net Proceeds towards setting up of our Proposed Facility located at Dubai, UAE. Our proposed expansion plans are based on demand forecasts that are subject to various assumptions including product trends in the industry, seasonality in the industry and end-customer spending preferences, that are based on prevailing economic conditions. Adequate utilization of capacities at the Proposed Facility is therefore subject to various factors beyond our control and in case of oversupply in the industry or lack of demand, we may not be able to utilise our expanded capacities efficiently. The success of any capacity expansion and expected return on investment on capital invested is subject to, among other factors, the ability to procure requisite regulatory approvals in a timely manner; recruit and ensure satisfactory performance of personnel; ability to absorb additional infrastructure costs and develop new expertise while also utilizing the expanded capacities as anticipated. Please also see “ _Risk Factor No.  7 – If  there are delays in setting up the Proposed Facility or if the costs of setting up and the possible time or cost overruns related to the Proposed Facility or the purchase of plant and machinery for the Proposed Facility are higher than expected, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects_ .” on page 38 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_6. Our business is working capital intensive. If we experience insufficient cash flows from our operations or are unable to borrow to meet our working capital requirements, it may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

37 

Our business requires significant amount of working capital primarily as a considerable amount of time passes between purchase of raw materials and collection of receivables post sales to customers. As a result, we are required to maintain sufficient stock at all times in order to meet manufacturing requirements as well as extend credit period to customers as per the industry practice, thus increasing our storage and working capital requirements. Consequently, there could be situations where the total funds available may not be sufficient to fulfil our commitments and hence we may need to incur additional indebtedness in the future or utilize internal accruals to satisfy our working capital needs. Our future success depends on our ability to continue to secure and successfully manage sufficient amounts of working capital. Further, our ability to arrange financing and the costs of capital of such financing are dependent on numerous factors, including general economic and capital market conditions and the effect of events such as the pandemics, outbreak of wars, credit availability from banks, investor confidence, the continued success of our operations and other laws that are conducive to our raising capital in this manner. 

As we pursue our growth plan, we may be required to raise additional funds by incurring further indebtedness or issuing additional equity to meet our capital expenditures in the future. If we experience insufficient cash flows or are unable to borrow funds on a timely basis, or, at all, to meet our working capital and other requirements, or to pay our debts, it could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Management of our working capital requirements involves the timely payment of, or rolling over of, our short-term indebtedness and securing new and additional loans on acceptable terms, or re-negotiation of our payment terms for our trade payables, collection of trade receivables and preparing and following accurate and feasible budgets for our business operations. If we are unable to manage our working capital requirements, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. There can be no assurance that we will be able to effectively manage our working capital. Should we fail to effectively implement sufficient internal control procedures and management systems to manage our working capital and other sources of financing, we may have insufficient capital to maintain and grow our business and we may breach the terms of our financing agreements with banks, face claims under cross-default provisions and be unable to obtain new financing, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. For further information on the working capital facilities currently availed of by us, please see _“Financial Indebtedness”_ on page 319 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_7. If there are delays in setting up the Proposed Facility or if the costs of setting up and the possible time or cost overruns related to the Proposed Facility or the purchase of plant and machinery for the Proposed Facility are higher than expected, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects._** 

We are in the process of setting up the Proposed Facility, which will be housed in Global Surfaces FZE, our wholly owned Subsidiary and will be utilised for the manufacturing of engineered quartz. 

The Proposed Facility is expected to commence commercial operations by FY 2023-24. The completion of the setting up of the Proposed Facility is dependent on our ability to arrange finance through Net Proceeds or otherwise, the performance of external agencies which are responsible for _inter alia_ construction of buildings, installation and commissioning of plant and machinery and supply and testing of equipment. We cannot assure you that we will be able to arrange for such finance on time, or at all. Further, we cannot assure you that the performance of external agencies will meet the required specifications or performance parameters. We may not be able to identify suitable replacement external agencies in a timely manner. If the performance of these agencies is inadequate in terms of the requirements, this may result in incremental cost and time overruns. 

38 

Certain plant, machinery and equipment purchased are to be shipped to the Proposed Facility from other regions. Any delay in the transportation of such assets or damage to the assets acquired due to _inter alia_ defaults by transportation agencies, may further result in cost and time overruns in the commissioning of the Proposed Facility. 

The estimated costs for setting up the Proposed Facility are based on the certificate dated December 23, 2022 given by Haripriya Associates Private Limited, Independent Chartered Engineers, management’s estimates and current conditions and are subject to change, owing to prospective changes in external circumstances, costs and other financial conditions. There could be delays in setting up the Proposed Facility as a result of, amongst other things, requirement of obtaining approvals from statutory or regulatory authorities, contractors’ or external agencies’ failure to perform, exchange rate fluctuations, unforeseen engineering problems, disputes with workers, increase in input costs of construction materials and labour costs, incremental preoperative expenses, taxes and duties, interest and finance charges, cost escalation and/ or force majeure events (including the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical tensions, etc.), any of which could give rise to cost overruns and delays in our implementation schedules. 

If the actual capital expenditures on setting up the Proposed Facility significantly exceed our budgets, we may not be able to achieve the intended economic benefits of the Proposed Facility, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete the aforementioned expansion or commissioning of our plants and additions in accordance with the proposed schedule of implementation and any delay could have an adverse impact on our growth, prospects, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_8. Our Units and office premises are located on leasehold basis. If these leasehold agreements are terminated or not renewed on terms acceptable to us, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Our Unit II (along with our Registered Office) and Unit I are located on parcel of land that we have taken leasehold basis from Mahindra World City (Jaipur) Limited and RIICO Industrial Area, Bagru Extn., Bagru, Jaipur Rajasthan for a period valid upto August 17, 2105 and June 20, 2092, respectively. Similarly, the Proposed Facility at Dubai is intended to be constructed on leasehold land which has been given by JAFZA in favour of our wholly owned subsidiary, Global Surfaces FZE. These properties have been taken by our Company and Global Surfaces FZE on long-term lease basis with an option to renew for a further period and are subject to compliance with certain terms and conditions. For instance, under the lease deed for the Proposed Facility, Global Surfaces FZE is required to achieve minimum shipment volume of 6,300 TEU (Twenty Equipment Unit) in the block of first five years and 12,500 TEU in each subsequent block of five years from year 6 to year 20, failing which Global Surfaces FZE will be liable to pay additional rent of AED 991,441 for the relevant block of five years to the authority, JAFZA. If we fail to meet any such conditions, we may be required to incur liability. Further, according to the various statutory rules governing SEZ, SEZ also retains the power to cancel allotment of land in the event of breach of any rules of allotment. Cancellation of the land allotted/ leased out to us due to _inter alia_ non-compliance of the conditions of the offer letter, allotment letter or lease deed, as the case may be, could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_9. We are in the process of expanding our operations and establishing a network of customers, particularly for engineered stone product category, in regions where we do not have a significant presence or prior experience. Any failure to expand into these new regions could adversely affect our sales, financial condition, result of operations and cash flows._** 

In order to cater to the growing market demand for our products, specifically for engineered quartz, and expand our presence in new regions, we are in the process of deepening our presence 

39 

in the Middle East through our wholly owned subsidiary Global Surfaces FZE. We may not possess the same level of familiarity with the economic condition, customer network, endcustomer base and commercial operations in the new regions we propose to enter into and therefore, we will be initially exposed to a degree of risk in realization and volume of sales. There can be no assurance that our expansion plans in these new regions will be successful, as our competitors may have a more established reputation, more experience in trends and deeper relationships with customers in these regions. Further, having limited or no presence in such new regions as compared to some of our competitors, may lead to lower product pricing due to lack of presence and higher expenditure on reputation building. As a result, it may be more expensive for us to manufacture or distribute engineered stones in these new regions and it may take longer to reach the expected sales and profit levels than anticipated, which could affect the viability of these operations or our overall profitability. There can be no assurance that our products will gain market acceptance or meet the particular requirements of customers in these new markets and regions. If we do not successfully establish our operations, reputation and image in these new markets and regions, our sales, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 

# **_10. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the equity shareholders._** 

We have in the past entered into transactions with certain our related parties. All such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, however, we cannot assure you that we could not have obtained more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. 

We have taken on lease second floor premises admeasuring about 2,785 sq. ft. or thereabouts situated on Plot No. 18 and 19, Income Tax Colony, Suraj Nagar West, Civil Lines, Jaipur, Rajasthan belonging to Mrs. Sweta Shah, our Executive Director, for a period of 118 months effective from July 1, 2022 for the purpose of providing residential accommodation to our KMPs and their family members. Our Company was granted a rent-free period of twenty-four months (upto June 30, 2022) to construct the aforesaid premises. For further information, please see _“Our Management – Interest of our Directors”_ on page 223. 

As on September 30, 2022, we have given interest bearing unsecured loans aggregating to ₹ 24.46 million to our related parties for general corporate purposes with a tenure of three years. Although, as on date, the tenure of loans has not expired, there can be no assurance that such parties shall repay the loans on their respective due date. Any failure to recover these loans in part or at all, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and cashflows. 

Further, it is likely that we may enter into additional related party transactions in the future. Such related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. We cannot assure you that any such future transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will always be in the best interests of our minority shareholders and will not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Related party transactions with our Promoter, some of our Directors, their entities and relatives and our Subsidiaries primarily relate to remuneration, loan and sales. Below table describes the related party transactions as percentage of revenue of operations 

**Sr. Type of Related Party 2019-20 2020-21 2021-22 September 30,** **<u>No. Transactions 2022</u>** 

40 





<!-- Start of picture text -->
a ee ee<br>ee eee<br>po<br>~*~ © Losavavaerz Gio.<br>GLosaLauarrz<br><!-- End of picture text -->



<!-- Start of picture text -->
GLosaLauarrz<br><!-- End of picture text -->

to us. Such an action may also become a lengthy and costly exercise for us and may not always be in our favor. 

Further, unauthorized parties may infringe upon or misappropriate our services or proprietary information. While our domain names cannot be copied, we may be unable to renew registration of our domain names and other parties could create an alternative domain name resembling ours that could be passed off as our domain name. In addition, despite our efforts to comply with the intellectual property rights of others, we cannot determine with certainty whether we are infringing any existing third-party intellectual property rights which may force us to alter our processes, obtain additional licenses or cease significant portions of our operations. We may also be susceptible to claims from third- parties asserting infringement and other related claims. Regardless of their merits, such claims could materially and adversely affect our relationships with current or future customers, result in costly litigation, delay or disrupt provision of services, divert management’s attention and resources, subject us to significant liabilities, require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements or require us to cease certain activities. Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_12. We have incurred borrowings from commercial banks and an inability to comply with repayment and other covenants in our financing agreements could adversely affect our business and financial condition._** 

We have entered into agreements with banks for short-term and long-term borrowings. These borrowings include secured fund based and non-fund based facilities. As of September 30, 2022, we had Total Borrowings (consisting of borrowings under non-current liabilities, current maturities of long-term debts and borrowings under current liabilities) of ₹ 505.19 Million, which comprises of secured loans from HDFC Bank and Kotak Mahindra Bank and vehicle loans. We have taken necessary approvals from the concerned lenders for the proposed Offer. The financing agreements that we have entered into for availing the secured loans contain negative covenants, including for availing fresh credit facility, giving fresh loans and advances, issuing corporate guarantee, etc. Any failure to service such indebtedness, or otherwise perform any obligations under such financing agreements may lead to termination of one or more of our credit facilities or incur penalties and acceleration of payments under such credit facilities, foreclosure on our assets, trigger cross-default provisions under certain of our other financing agreements which may adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to conduct and implement our business plans. 

Further, we are required to, amongst other obligations, comply with certain financial covenants including maintaining the prescribed inventory margins, insurance covers on the hypothecated properties and lien creation. Our hypothecated assets comprise of our stock of raw materials, semi-finished and finished goods, consumable stores and spares and such other movable current assets including book debts, bills whether documentary or clean, outstanding monies, receivables, both present and future. We have also mortgaged our immovable assets in favour of the banks to secure the aforesaid facilities. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with these financial or other covenants or that we will be able to obtain consents necessary to take the actions that are required to operate and grow our business. Any fluctuations in the interest rates may directly impact the interest costs of such loans and affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our ability to make repayments and refinance our indebtedness will depend on our continued ability to generate cash from our future operations. We may not be able to generate enough cash flow from operations or obtain enough capital to service our debt. For further information, please see _“Financial Indebtedness”_ beginning on page 319 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_13. We, through our wholly owned subsidiary Global Surfaces FZE, are in the process of setting up the Proposed Facility for manufacturing of engineered stone in Dubai, United Arab_** 

42 

# **_Emirates. Such venture may not be profitable or achieve the profitability that justifies our investment, which may have an adverse impact on our prospects, growth, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We intend to make investments in our wholly owned subsidiary Global Surfaces FZE incorporated in Dubai, UAE to aid our growth efforts and expand our presence in the international markets. We intend to use a part of the Net Proceeds towards this investment. For further information, see _“Our Business – Proposed Expansion Plans”_ and _“Objects of the Offer”_ on pages 196 and 115 respectively. 

Our expansion plans remain subject to the potential problems and uncertainties including cost overruns or delays. Problems that could adversely affect our expansion plans include labour shortages,  increased costs of equipment or manpower, inadequate performance of the equipment and machinery installed in the Proposed Facility, delays in completion, defects in design or construction, the possibility of unanticipated future regulatory restrictions, delays in receiving governmental, statutory and other regulatory approvals, incremental pre- operating expenses, taxes and duties, interest and finance charges, working capital margin and other external factors which may not be within the control of our management. There can be no assurance that the proposed expansion will be completed as planned or on schedule, and if it is not completed in a timely manner, or at all, our budgeted costs may be insufficient to meet our proposed capital expenditure requirements. If our actual capital expenditures significantly exceed our budgets, or even if our budgets are sufficient to cover the proposed expansion, we may not be able to achieve the intended economic benefits of the proposed expansion, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete the aforementioned expansion in accordance with the proposed schedule of implementation and any delay could have an adverse impact on our growth, prospects, cash flows and financial condition. 

The proposed expansion will require us to obtain various approvals, which are routine in nature. In addition to such pending approvals, we may also need to apply for certain additional approvals required for investment in a foreign country. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain these registrations and approvals in a timely manner or at all. Further, in the event of any unanticipated delay in receipt of such approvals, the proposed schedule implementation and deployment of the Net Proceeds may be extended or may vary accordingly. 

# **_14. The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by our Promoter and Selling Shareholders may be lower than the Floor Price._** 

The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by Mr. Mayank Shah, the Promoter and Selling Shareholder being ₹ 2.46 and by Mrs. Sweta Shah, the Selling Shareholder, being ₹ 0.60, may be lower than the Floor Price. For further details regarding the average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by the Promoters and Selling Shareholders in our Company, please see “Summary of the Offer Document – Average Cost of Acquisition” on page 29 of the RHP **_._** 

# **_15. Some of our records are not traceable._** 

In the past, certain old statutory records and registers required to be maintained by our Company under the Companies Act, 1956 and Companies Act, 2013, such as the share transfer forms pertaining to transfers prior to the year 2020, statutory registers maintained under the Companies Act pertaining to the period prior to 2014, share application forms pertaining to allotments dated March 30, 1992, November 30, 1992 and February 11, 2005 and other miscellaneous documents maintained under the Companies Act, could not be traced despite conducting searches of our internal records. Consequently, an Information Report has been filed by the Company with Cyber Crime Police Station, Jaipur with regard to the missing documents on December 15, 2021. We 

43 

had also published public notice in regional and national newspapers on March 17, 2022 and March 18, 2022 in relation to the missing secretarial records and documents. 

Further, we may not have maintained all the statutory records in the proper manner or at all, in the past. While no legal proceedings or regulatory action has been initiated against our Company in relation to such statutory records as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we cannot assure you that such legal proceedings or regulatory actions will not be initiated against our Company in future. Although no regulatory action/ litigation is pending against us in this regard, we cannot assure you that we will not be subject to penalties imposed by regulatory authorities in this respect. 

# **_16. Information relating to the installed production capacity and capacity utilization of our production Units included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates and future production and capacity may vary._** 

Information relating to the installed production capacity and capacity utilization of our Units included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates of our management that have been considered by an independent chartered engineer while calculating the installed production capacity of, and actual production volumes at, our Units. The assumptions and estimates include the standard capacity calculation practices of the natural stones and engineered quartz industry after examining the period during which the Units were operational during the year, the expected operations, availability of raw materials, downtime resulting from scheduled maintenance activities, unscheduled breakdowns, as well as expected operational efficiencies, and taking into account the number of working days in a year, number of days in a month, number of shifts in a day and average number of batches per day. Actual capacity utilization of natural stones was 63%, 57.20% and 28.74%, and of engineered quartz was 70.38%, 64.01% and 68.96% for the Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Actual production capacity, production levels and utilization rates may therefore vary from the information of our Units included in the chapter titled _“Our Business”_ under the sub-head _‘Capacity and Capacity Utilization’_ on page 195 of this Red Herring Prospectus or from the historical installed production capacity information of our Units depending on the product type. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on our historical installed capacity information for our existing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_17. Any unscheduled or prolonged disruption of our manufacturing operations could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Any unscheduled or prolonged disruption of our manufacturing operations, including power failure, fire and unexpected mechanical failure of equipment, obsolescence, labour disputes, strikes, lock-outs, earthquakes and other natural disasters, industrial accidents or any significant social, political or economic disturbances, or infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could reduce our ability to manufacture our products and adversely affect our revenues from operations in such period. There have not been any material disruptions in the last three Financial Years having impact on our business operations and financials except the anti-dumping and countervailing duties imposed on the import of quartz surface products from India by the USA from June 2020. Any such disruption may interrupt our operations, which may interfere with the manufacturing process, requiring us to either stop our operations or repeat activities that may involve additional time and costs. Our customers rely on the timely delivery of our products and our ability to provide an uninterrupted supply of our products is critical to our business. Although we take precautions to minimize the risk of any significant operational problems at our Units, our customer relationships, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected by any disruption of operations at our Units, including due to any of the factors mentioned above. 

44 

Disruptions in our operations could delay production or require us to temporarily cease operations at our Units. We may be subject to manufacturing disruptions due to contraventions by us of any of the conditions of our regulatory approvals, which may require our Units to cease, or limit, production until the disputes concerning such approvals are resolved. As regulatory approvals are site specific, we may be unable to transfer production activities to another location immediately. Similarly, there is no assurance that those of our Units unaffected by an interruption will have the capacity to increase their output to manufacture products for the affected Units, to the extent that all outstanding orders will be fulfilled in a timely manner. In the event of prolonged interruptions in the operations of our Units, we may have to make alternate arrangements for supplies and products in order to meet our production requirements, which could affect our profitability. 

# **_18. Our Company, its Promoter, Promoter group members and our Directors are party to certain legal proceedings. Any adverse outcome in such proceedings may have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

The summary of outstanding litigation involving our Company, Promoter, Promoter group members and Directors as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus have been provided below in accordance with the materiality policy adopted by our Board. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there are no outstanding litigation proceedings involving our Group Companies, the outcome of which could have a material impact on our Company. For details, please see _“Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments”_ on page 322. 

|**Name of the**<br>**Entity**|**Criminal**<br>**proceedings**|**Tax**<br>**proceedings**|**Statutory**<br>**or**<br>**regulatory**<br>**proceedings**|**Disciplinary**<br>**actions by**<br>**SEBI or**<br>**stock**<br>**exchanges**<br>**against our**<br>**Promoter**|**Material**<br>**civil**<br>**litigations**|**Aggregate**<br>**amount**<br>**involved**<br>**(INR in**<br>**Million)**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Company**|||||||
|By the Company|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|Against<br>the<br>Company|-|23|-|-|-|52.40|
|**Directors**|||||||
|By theDirectors|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|Against<br>the<br>Directors|-|4|-|-|-|0.24|
|**Promoter**|||||||
|By the Promoter|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|Against<br>the|||||||
|Promoter|-|7|-|-|-|38.85|
|**Subsidiaries**|||||||
|By<br>the<br>Subsidiaries|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|Against<br>the<br>Subsidiaries|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|PromoterGroup|1|-|-|-|-|-|



The amounts mentioned above may be subject to additional interest/ penalties being levied by the concerned authorities which have not been included above as not being ascertainable as on date of this Red Herring Prospectus. We cannot assure you that these proceedings will be decided in favour of our Company, Promoter or our Directors, as the case may be. Any adverse decision in 

45 

such proceedings may render us liable to penalties and may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and financial condition. Additionally, during the course of our business we are subject to risk of litigation in relation to contractual obligations, employment and labour laws, personal injury and property damage, etc. 

Our Company, Promoter, Promoter group members and some of our Directors are currently involved in certain legal proceedings. These legal proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and other authorities. In the event of any adverse rulings in these proceedings or the consequent levying of penalties, we may need to make payments or make provisions for future payments, which may increase our expenses and current or contingent liabilities. On December 29, 2020, a search and seizure under Section 132 of the IT Act was conducted by the Deputy Director of Income Tax (Inv.), Kolkata at our Unit I & II premises and also at the personal residence of our Promoter, Mr. Mayank Shah and our Executive Director, Mrs. Sweta Shah. Subsequently, notices under Section 153A of the IT Act were issued to our Company, Mr. Mayank Shah and Mrs. Sweta Shah requiring them to prepare their respective true and correct return of income for the Assessment Years 2015-16, 2016-17, 201718, 2018-19, 2019-20 and 2020-21 and additionally, for AY 2013-14 and 2014-15 in the case of our Company. For further details, please refer to ‘Material Tax Matters’ appearing on page 325 of the chapter titled “ _Outstanding Litigations and Material Developments”_ in the RHP. 

Furthermore, if we get involved in disputes with third-parties in the course of our operations such as suppliers, customers and sub- contractors, the same may lead to legal or other proceedings and may result in substantial costs, delays in our development and operation schedule, and the diversion of resources and management’s attention, regardless of the outcome. We may also have disagreements with regulatory authorities in the course of our operations, which may subject us to legal proceedings and unfavourable decisions that may result in penalties or delay or disrupt our development and operations. 

# **_19. Our Statutory Auditors have included certain emphasis of matter in their examination report on the Restated Financial Statements._** 

Our Statutory Auditors have included emphasis of matter in their examination report on the Restated Financial Statements indicating that their audit reports for the Fiscals 2021 and 2020 included emphasis of matter forming part of the notes thereunder, on the issues relating to implementation and integration of ERP system and the management assessment of the impact of COVID-19 on the business operations. 

There can be no assurance that any similar emphasis of matter or remarks will not form part of our financial statements for the future fiscal periods, or that such remarks will not affect our financial results in future fiscal periods. Investors should consider the remarks and observations in evaluating our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Any such remarks or emphasis of matter in the auditor’s report and/ or CARO report on our financial statements in the future may also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_20. Industry information included in this Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from an industry report commissioned by us for such purpose. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical, financial and other industry information is either complete or accurate._** 

We have availed the services of an independent third-party research agency, CARE Advisory Research and Training Limited, to prepare an industry report titled “Report on Natural and Engineered Stone Industry” dated December 2022, for purposes of inclusion of such information in this Red Herring Prospectus. All such information in this Red Herring Prospectus indicates the CARE Report as its source. Industry sources and publications generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources generally believed to be reliable, but that their accuracy, completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed and their reliability 

46 

cannot be assured. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which we conduct our business, and methodologies and assumptions vary widely amongst different industry sources. Furthermore, such assumptions may change based on 

various factors. We cannot assure that the CARE Report assumptions are correct or will not change and, accordingly, our position in the market may differ from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. Furthermore, the commissioned report is not a recommendation to invest or disinvest in our Company and shall not be construed as an expert advice or investment advice. Prospective investors are advised not to unduly rely on the CARE Report or extracts thereof as included in this Red Herring Prospectus, when making their investment decisions. 

We have taken reasonable care in the reproduction of the information. Further, there is no assurance that such information is stated or compiled on the same basis or with the same degree of accuracy as may be the case elsewhere. In addition, statements from such third parties that involve estimates are subject to change, and actual amounts may differ materially from those included in Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_21. Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds are based on third party certification and management’s estimates which may be subject to change based on various factors, some of which are beyond our control._** 

Our funding requirements and deployment of the Net Proceeds are based on the certificate dated December 23, 2022 issued by Haripriya Associates Private Limited, Independent Chartered Engineers and internal management’s estimates which are based on current market conditions and have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. Our funding requirements may be subject to change based on various factors which are beyond our control. While we intend to deploy the Net Proceeds towards the Objects from listing of the Equity Shares pursuant to the Offer till FYE 2023, as more particularly disclosed in the chapter titled _“Objects of the Offer”_ on page 115 of this RHP, the actual deployment of funds will depend on a number of factors including market conditions, our Board’s analysis of economic trends and business requirements, competitive landscape, as well as general factors affecting our results of operations, financial condition and access to capital. We cannot assure you that the deployment of Net Proceeds will take place within the aforesaid period, as currently intended. Depending upon the above factors, we may have to reduce or extend the deployment period for the stated Objects beyond the estimated period, at the discretion of our management. For further details, please see _“Objects of the Offer”_ beginning on page 115 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_22. Our inability to collect receivables from our customers or default in payment by them could result in the reduction of our profits and affect our cash flows._** 

Our operations involve extending credit for extended periods of time to our customers in respect of our products and consequently, we face the risk of non-receipt of these outstanding amounts in a timely manner or at all, particularly in the absence of long-term arrangements with our customers. While we have not adopted any credit policy, we typically operate on pre-sanctioned credit limits with customers and cannot guarantee that our customers will not default on their payments. While we generally monitor the ability of our customers to pay these open credit arrangements and limit the credit to reasonable extent based on an evaluation of each customer’s financial condition and payment history, we may still experience losses because of a customer being unable to pay. As a result, while we maintain a reasonable allowance for doubtful receivables for potential credit losses based upon our historical trends and other available information, there is a risk that our estimates may not be accurate. As majority of our customers operate from foreign jurisdictions, pursuing legal remedies to collect the trade receivables may involve paying higher legal fees and other expenses. Our inability to collect receivables from our 

47 

customers in a timely manner or at all in future, could adversely affect our working capital cycle and cash flows. In Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022 and period ended September 30, 2022, our trade receivables were ₹ 280.68 Million, ₹ 398.01 Million, ₹ 389.78 Million and ₹ 436.41 Million respectively, which represented 17.19%, 22.70%, 20.48% and 44.54% of our revenues from operations for such periods, respectively. Macroeconomic conditions could also result in financial difficulties, including insolvency or bankruptcy of our customers and as a result could cause customers to delay payments to us, request modifications to their payment arrangements, that could increase our receivables or affect our working capital requirements or default on their payment obligations to us. During the Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022 and period ended September 30, 2022, our bad debts were ₹ 3.94 Million, ₹ 6.64 Million, Nil and Nil respectively. An increase in bad debts or in defaults by our customers may compel us to utilize greater amounts of our operating working capital and result in increased financing costs, thereby adversely affecting our results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_23. We are dependent on third-party transportation providers for the supply of raw materials and delivery of our finished products._** 

Our success depends on the supply and transport of the various raw materials required for our Units and of our finished products from our Units to our customers, which are subject to various uncertainties and risks. We rely on third-party freight and transportation providers for the delivery of our products to customers with whom we have no formal arrangement, to provide rail, road and other transportation facilities. We also depend on sea borne freight in respect of import and export operations. Such transportation providers are arranged on an as-needed basis. We maintain marine cargo open insurance policy to cover any damage to our products during transit. Transportation strikes, if any, could have an adverse effect on supplies and deliveries to and from our customers and suppliers. In addition, we undertake our import/ export facilities majorly from Mundra port situated in Gujarat and are therefore heavily dependent on the smooth functioning of the Mundra port for our export activities. Also, we are situated far away from the port which increases the transportation cost and time required to complete any order. Further to the transportation cost, it also increases the insurance cost and the risk faced in conveyance to and from the ports to our Units. 

Raw materials and finished products may be lost or damaged in transit for various reasons including occurrence of accidents or natural disasters. There may also be a delay in delivery of raw materials and products which may also affect our business and results of operations negatively. Our average stock of finished goods and semi finished goods for the Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022 and period ended September 30, 2022 was ₹ 152.57 Million, ₹ 191.65 Million, ₹ 285.13 Million and ₹ 361.36 Million respectively which was 9.34%, 10.93%, 14.98% and 18.44% (annualized) of revenue from operations respectively and raw material and consumables for the Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022 and period ended September 30, 2022 was ₹ 94.84 Million, ₹ 95.53 Million, ₹ 115.13 Million and ₹ 112.57 Million which was 5.81%, 5.45%, 6.05% and 5.74% (annualized) of revenue from operations respectively. In the event we fail to maintain a sufficient volume of raw materials and delivery of such materials to us is delayed, we may be unable to meet customer orders in a timely manner or at all. Any such inability may result in loss of sales opportunities that our competitors may capitalize on, thereby adversely affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Any compensation received from insurers or third-party transportation providers may be insufficient to cover the cost of any delays and will not repair damage to our relationships with our affected customers and the goodwill of the Company in the market. The current war between Ukraine and Russia has resulted in various global sanctions being levied on Russia which is a major exporter of fossil fuels and natural gas, these sanctions have corresponded in an economic slowdown and an increase in fuel costs throughout the world. We may also be affected by an increase in fuel costs, as it will have a corresponding impact on freight charges levied by our third- party transportation providers. Our freight and forwarding charges were ₹ 63.61 Million, ₹ 68.62 Million, ₹ 83.39 Million and ₹ 42.65 Million in Fiscal 2020, 2021 and 2022 and period ended September 30, 2022 respectively. 

48 

A continued rise in the cost of fuels could require us to expend considerable resources in addressing our distribution requirements, including by way of absorbing these excess freight charges to maintain our selling price, which could adversely affect our results of operations or passing these charges on to our customers, which could adversely affect demand for our products. 

# **_24. Our Restated Financial Statements disclose certain contingent liabilities which if materialize, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operation._** 

As of September 30, 2022, our contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37 – Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets, were as follows: 

# **<u>Contingent Liabilities</u>** 

|<br>**Sr. No.**|<br>**Particulars**|**_(₹ in Millions)_**<br>**As at**<br>**September 30,**<br>**2022**|
|---|---|---|
|1.|Income tax demand for which company has preferred appeal|49.89|
|2.|GST related matter|0.15|
|3.|Claims against the Group not acknowledged as Debt|0.45|
||**_Total_**|**_50.49_**|



- _a) A search under Section 132 of the Income Tax Act, 1961 was conducted on December 29, 2020 on the parent company, Promoters and their group entities. The parent company has not surrendered any undisclosed income pursuant to return filed u/s 153A of Income Tax Act, 1961. Assessments has also been completed for the block period with certain additions against which the parent company has preferred appeal. The amount of tax demand has been duly shown under contingent liabilities._ 

- _b) The Code on Social Security, 2020 (‘Code’) relating to employee benefits during employment and post-employment benefits received Presidential assent in September 2020. The Code has been published in the Gazette of India. However, the date on which the Code will come in to effect has not been notified. The Group will assess the impact of the Code when it comes into effect and will record any related impact in the period when the Code becomes effective._ 

If a significant portion of these liabilities materialize, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For further information on our contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37, see _“Restated Financial Statements – Note 47 – Contingent Liabilities and Capital Commitments”_ beginning on page 292 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_25. We are required to obtain, renew or maintain certain statutory and regulatory permits and approvals required to operate our business and if we fail to do so in a timely manner or at all and our business, financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected._** 

Our operations are subject to government and statutory regulations and we are required to obtain and maintain several permits, consents and regulations and approvals under central, state and local government rules for operating our business generally for our Units. We have obtained the necessary and material approvals, licenses, registrations and permits from the relevant authorities, however there could be instances where we may not have applied, obtained or applied with a delay for certain requisite approvals applicable to us. For instance, registration under Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970 was not in place prior to 2021. Further, we may have breached certain limits as permitted in the approvals, licenses, registrations or permits previously obtained. For instance, we have breached the production limit as sanctioned by the 

49 

pollution control board, by 166,935.29 sq. mtr. per annum, 139,780.90 sq. mtr. per annum and 5,393.61 sq. mtr. per annum, on an average, during the Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022 respectively. While an application has been made by us to the concerned authority for increasing the production limit so that it is in line with our current production capacity, we cannot assure you that no action will be taken against us for such breach. Penalties may be levied against our Company for the breach of limits which may adversely affect the financial position of our Company. We also need to apply for renewal, from time to time, of some of such approvals, licenses, registrations and permits, which expire or seek fresh approvals, as and when required, in the ordinary course of our business. While we generally apply for the renewal of approvals in a timely manner, we cannot assure that such approvals will be issued or granted to us in a timely manner, or at all. If we do not receive such approvals or are not able to renew the approvals in a timely manner, our business and operations may be adversely affected. Further, there may also be delay in applying for renewal or receiving the grant of such approval due to COVID-19 pandemic. For further details please see the chapter titled _“Government and Other Approvals”_ on page 328 of this RHP. 

There can be no assurance that the relevant authority will issue an approval or renew expired approvals within the applicable time period or at all. Any delay in receipt or non-receipt of such approvals, licenses, registrations and permits could adversely affect our related operations. Further, under such circumstances, the relevant authorities may initiate penal action against us, restrain our operations, impose fines/ penalties or initiate legal proceedings for our inability to renew/obtain approvals in a timely manner or at all. 

The approvals required by us are also subject to numerous conditions including, among others, quantum of raw materials to be used, fire and safety measures, etc. Further, in some cases, consent of relevant authorities is required in case there is any modification/ alteration/ change in product mix. The conditions and the obligation to renew the approval or license at regular intervals are also prescribed in such approvals and licenses. We cannot assure you that the approvals, licenses, registrations and permits issued to us will not be suspended or cancelled or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations, any terms or conditions of the licenses/approvals or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial conditions, results of operations, and cashflows. 

Environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations, and the interpretation and enforcement thereof, are subject to change and have tended to become stricter over time, in India and internationally. While we are not aware of any outstanding material claims or obligations, we may incur substantial costs, including clean up or remediation costs, fines and civil or criminal sanctions, and third-party property damage or personal injury claims, as a result of violations of or liabilities under environmental or health and safety laws or non-compliance with permits required at our facilities, which, as a result, may have an adverse effect on our business and financial conditions. We cannot assure you that non-compliances will not occur in the future or that we may not be subject to any penalties in relation to such non-compliances which may affect our profitability, business, financial conditions and results of operations. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_26. We have not received consent from Promoter Group members for including their name in the Red Herring Prospectus._** 

Our Company has _vide_ letter dated May 15, 2022 sought the consent from our Promoter Group member, Glittek Infrastructure Private Limited (“GIPL”), to be named in the Red Herring 

50 

Prospectus as well as other requisite information and certifications in order to make true and accurate disclosures in the Red Herring Prospectus. We have subsequently also sent reminder letters dated June 02, 2022, June 15, 2022 and November 19, 2022 to GIPL however, no response has been received from GIPL till date. Further, Glittek Granites Limited (“GGL”) had _vide_ its letters dated May 20, 2022 given its consent for being disclosed as our Promoter Group member in our offer document and providing other relevant information. Subsequently, GGL has on February 15, 2023 revoked its consent to be disclosed as our Promoter Group member. In the absence of any positive consent from GIPL and GGL for being disclosed as our Promoter Group member, there can be no assurance regarding the accuracy of information in this Red Herring Prospectus pertaining to GIPL and GGL or that they will not object to their name being included in this Red Herring Prospectus without their express consent. GIPL and GGL have not entered into any financial or business transaction with our Company and do not have any interest in the equity or debt of our Company. 

# **_27. We rely on only one port for the majority of our exports. Disruption of transportation from this port may interrupt our exports which could impact our sales and results of operations._** 

Majority of our exports are from the Mundra Port located in Gujarat. In the event of any disruption at the Mundra port, due to natural or man-made disasters, workforce disruptions, delay in regulatory approvals, fire, failure of machinery, changes in the policies of the states or local government or authorities or any significant social, political or economic disturbances or civil disruptions in and around the port could seriously hamper our ability to export our products. This may obstruct the exports temporarily or for a long period, which may adversely affect our operations and financial performance. However there have been no instances during the last three financial years (Fiscal 2019 to Fiscal 2021) where we have faced issues in disruption of transportation. 

We also run the risk of the finished products being lost or damaged in transit for various reasons including occurrence of accidents or natural disasters. However, we maintain marine cargo open insurance policy to cover any damage to our products during transit. There may also be a delay in delivery of products to the port which may also affect our business and results of operations negatively. 

# **_28. All our production Units are located in one geographic area and therefore, any localized social unrest, natural disaster or breakdown of services or any other natural disaster in and around Jaipur, Rajasthan or any disruption in production at, or shutdown of, our production Units could have material adverse effect on our business and financial condition._** 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our operational Units are located in and around Jaipur, Rajasthan with a proximity of less than twenty kilometres from each other. Accordingly, our current manufacturing operations are concentrated in one geographic area. 

Our manufacturing operations and consequently our business is dependent upon our ability to manage the Units, which is subject to operating risks, including those beyond our control. In the event of any disruptions at our Units, due to natural or man-made disasters, workforce disruptions, delay in regulatory approvals, fire, failure of machinery, lack of continued access to assured supply of electrical power and water at reasonable costs, changes in the policies of the states or local government or authorities or any significant social, political or economic disturbances or civil disruptions in and around Jaipur, Rajasthan, our ability to manufacture our products may be adversely affected. 

Disruptions in and around our Units could delay production or require us to shut down the Units. Any contravention of or non-compliance with the terms of various regulatory approvals applicable to the Units may also require us to cease or limit production until such non-compliance is remedied to the satisfaction of relevant regulatory authorities. We cannot assure you that we 

51 

will not experience work disruptions in the future resulting from any dispute with our employees or other problems associated with our employees and the labour involved in our Units, which may hinder our regular operating activities and lead to disruptions in our operations, which could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

Further, any materially adverse social, political or economic development, civil disruptions, or changes in the policies of the state government or state or local governments in this region could adversely affect our manufacturing operations, and require a modification of our business strategy, or require us to incur significant capital expenditure or suspend our operations. Any such adverse development affecting continuous operations at our manufacturing facilities could result in significant loss due to an inability to meet customer contracts and production schedules, which could materially affect our business reputation within the industry. The occurrence of or our inability to effectively respond to, any such events or effectively manage the competition in the region, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and future business prospects. Further, continuous addition of industries in and around our Units without commensurate growth of its infrastructural facilities may put pressure on the existing infrastructure therein, which may adversely affect our business. Further, the spiralling cost of living around our manufacturing facilities may push our manpower costs higher, which may reduce our margin and cost competitiveness. 

# **_29. We may not be able to identify or effectively respond to evolving preferences, expectations or trends in a timely manner and a failure to derive the desired benefits from our product development efforts may impact our competitiveness and profitability._** 

The success of our business depends in part on our ability to anticipate, identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in demographics and preferences, customer expectations, needs and demands, and develop new products to meet these requirements. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, and other trends that affect demographic and end- customer preferences in a variety of our stones categories. 

We cannot assure you that our future product development initiatives will be successful or be completed within the anticipated period or budget, or that our newly developed or improvised products will achieve wide market acceptance from our customers. Even if these products have been successfully developed, there is no guarantee that they will be accepted by our customers and achieve anticipated sales targets in a profitable manner, which may affect our ability to grow our network of customers and gain market share. In addition, there can be no guarantee that the time and effort that we spend in developing these products would be beneficial to our Company. This could also adversely affect our ability to pursue our growth strategy of continuing to develop niche and products to grow our market share. Further, we cannot assure you that our existing or potential competitors will not develop products that are similar or superior to our products. It is often difficult to estimate the time to market new products and there is a substantial risk that we may have to abandon a potential product that is no longer commercially viable, even after we have invested significant resources in the development of such product. If we fail in our product launching efforts, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be materially and adversely affected. 

Further, as we continue to grow our business by expanding our products, offerings and our geographic reach, maintaining quality and consistency may be more difficult and there can be no assurance that the customers’ confidence in our products will not diminish. Failure or any delay on our part to identify such trends, to align our business successfully and maintain quality could negatively affect our image, our relationship with our customers, the rate of growth of our business, our market share and our prospects. 

52 

We must, on a regular basis, keep pace with the preferences and quality requirements of our consumers, invest continuously in new technology and processes to provide products having the desired qualities and characteristics, and continually monitor and adapt to the changing market demand. An unanticipated change in consumer demand and any sudden change in Government regulations may adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. 

# **_30. Inability to protect, strengthen and enhance our existing reputation could adversely affect our business prospects and financial performance._** 

Our business reputation is critical to the success of our business. While we have been making consistent efforts to strengthen our image, various factors, some of which are beyond our control, are critical for maintaining and enhancing our reputation and if not managed properly, may negatively affect our brand and reputation. These include our ability to effectively manage the quality of our products, increase brand awareness among existing and potential customers, adapt our advertising and promotion efforts to emerging industry standards and protect the intellectual property related to our brand. Please also see Risk Factor No. 11 _“We may not be able to adequately protect or continue to use our intellectual property. In addition, the use of our brands or similar trade names by third parties could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.”_ on page 41. 

Our success in marketing our existing and new products depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing marketing and media environment, including our increasing reliance on direct promotional initiatives. There can be no assurance that our marketing efforts will be successful in maintaining our reputation and its perception with customers and/ or result in increased sales in the future. Also, we may not necessarily increase or maintain our sales promotion spending in proportion to our growth in the future, which may result in limited marketing initiatives. Our inability to adapt to evolving marketing trends at the same pace as our competitors may adversely affect our ability to effectively compete in terms of our image value. 

Our reputation could also be negatively impacted if we fail to maintain our established standards of service, or if our products fail to meet the expectation of our customers. Any allegations of deterioration in product quality even when false or unfounded, could tarnish our image and may cause our customers to choose other competing products. Any negative publicity regarding us, our reputation, our products or the stones industry generally could adversely affect our business and our results of operations. Other risks associated with our industry include improper disclosure of proprietary information, negative comments about our brands or standard of service, exposure of personally identifiable information, fraud, hoaxes or malicious exposure of false information. The inappropriate use of social media by our customers, employees, suppliers or other third parties could also harm our reputation thereby increasing our costs, lead to litigation or result in negative publicity that could damage our reputation and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, counterfeit products, product defects and ineffective promotional activities are all potential threats to the image and potency of our brand. Our failure to develop, maintain and enhance our brand may result in decreased revenue and loss of customers and in turn adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_31. Our ability to grow our business depends on our relationships with our customers and any adverse changes in these relationships, or our inability to enter into new relationships and thereby expand our customer network, could negatively affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our business is dependent on the decisions and actions of our customers which is determined by our ability to maintain and strengthen our relationships and arrangements with existing customers. We have exported 97.93%, 98.54%, 98.27% and 94.85% of our operational revenues in the Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022 and period ended September 30, 2022 to the USA, 0.51%, 0.73%, 

53 

0.50% and 1.32% of our operational revenues in the Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022 and period ended September 30, 2022 to Canada, 0.79%, 0.10%, 0.17% and 2.22% of our operational revenues in the Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022 period ended September 30, 2022 to the UAE, and 0.10% of our operational revenue in the Fiscal 2021 to Australia. Our relationship with our customers is dependent to a large extent on our ability to regularly meet their requirements, including by introducing products with greater marketability, price competitiveness, efficient and timely product deliveries and consistent product quality. In the event we are unable to meet such requirements in the future, it may result in decrease in orders or cessation of business from affected customers. There are also a number of factors relating to our customers beyond our control that might result in the termination of our arrangement or the loss of a customer relationship, including change in preferences of our customers as well as a demand for price reductions. Further, the deterioration of the financial condition or business prospects of these customers could affect their ability to maintain inventory and thus reduce demand for our products and could result in a significant decline in the revenues we derive from such customers. Adverse changes in our relationships with our customers or the inability to develop new products for existing customers or to successfully establish relationships with new customers, could therefore limit our business prospects, which could adversely affect our financial performance. Please also see “ _Risk Factor No. 9 – We are in the process of expanding our operations and establishing a network of customers, particularly for engineered stone product category, in regions where we do not have a significant presence or prior experience. Any failure to expand into these new regions could adversely affect our sales, financial condition, result of operations and cash flows._ ” on page 39 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

We may also face disruptions in the delivery of our products for various reasons beyond our control, including poor freight forwarding of our products, transportation bottlenecks, natural disasters, infectious disease outbreaks such as the pandemics, acts of war and labour issues, which could lead to deliveries being delayed or lost, resulting in insufficient inventories with our customers. If we fail to deliver products to our customers in a timely manner our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

# **_32. There have been some instances of delay/ default in payment of statutory dues by our Company in the past._** 

There have been some instances of delay/ default in payment of statutory dues by our Company in the past which were not material in nature and the same were regularised subsequently. For the last three Fiscals and the period ended September 30, 2022, our Company has generally been regular in depositing undisputed statutory dues such as Provident Fund, Employee State Insurance, Tax deducted at source, Income Tax, Good and Service Tax etc. and other statutory dues applicable to it (except delay in deposition of Employees’ State Insurance for FY 2021-22). As at on March 31, 2020, March 31, 2021, March 31, 2022 and the period ended September 30, 2022, there were no outstanding amounts of such undisputed statutory dues for a period exceeding six months from the date they became due for payment (except for TDS demand of INR 0.53 million for FY 2021-22 for which appropriate details/reasons were not provided at that point of time). 

There can be no assurance that delays or default with respect to payment of statutory dues will not occur in the future or that our audit reports for any future financial years will not contain any qualifications, matters of emphasis or other observations on account of such delay/default which in turn may affect our reputation and financial results. 

# **_33. There have been some instances of delayed filing/ incorrect filings in the past with the Registrar of Companies which may attract penalties._** 

There have been some instances of delayed filing/ incorrect filing, non-filing of prescribed forms in the past with the Registrar of Companies including Form MSME, Form MGT-14, Form PAS- 

54 

3, Form GNL-2, Form 32 which may attract penalties. For instance, there was an error in the number of shares allotted to the extent of 300 equity shares in Form-2 filed for allotment made on March 30, 1992. 

Although, no regulatory action or penalty has been taken/ levied on the Company for such delays/ defaults, however, it cannot be assured that no such regulatory action or penalty will be taken/ levied in the future. Further, we cannot assure you that such non-compliances will not occur in the future. Therefore, if the concerned authorities impose monetary penalties on us or take certain punitive actions against our Company or its directors/ officers in relation to the same, our business and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

# **_34. Stringent environmental, health and safety laws and regulations or stringent enforcement of existing environmental, health and safety laws and regulations may result in increased liabilities and increased capital expenditures._** 

Our operations are subject to environmental, health and safety and other regulatory and statutory requirements in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We are subject to various national, state, municipal and local laws and regulations concerning environmental protection in India. Noncompliance with these laws and regulations could expose us to civil penalties, criminal sanctions and revocation of key business licenses. Environmental laws and regulations in India are becoming more stringent and the scope and extent of new environmental regulations, including their effect on our operations, cannot be predicted with any certainty. In case of any change in environmental or pollution regulations, we may be required to invest in, among other things, environmental monitoring, pollution control equipment and emissions management. 

As a consequence of unanticipated regulatory or other developments, future environmental and regulatory related expenditures may vary substantially from those currently anticipated. We cannot assure you that our costs of complying with current and future environmental laws and other regulations will not adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. In addition, we could incur substantial costs, our products could be restricted from entering certain markets and we could face other sanctions, if we were to violate or become liable under environmental laws or if our products become non-compliant with applicable regulations. Our potential exposure includes fines and civil or criminal sanctions, third-party property damage or personal injury claims and clean-up costs. The amount and timing of costs under environmental laws are difficult to predict. 

**_35. Our manufacturing activities are dependent on the delivery of adequate and uninterrupted supply of electrical power at a reasonable cost. Any shortage or any prolonged interruption or increase in the cost of power could adversely affect our business, result of operations, financial conditions and cash flows._** 

Adequate and cost effective supply of electrical power is critical to our operations. We have our Units in Jaipur, Rajasthan which depend on the delivery of an adequate supply of electrical power. We also have rooftop PV solar power panels installed at both units. We rely upon diesel generator sets to ensure continuity of operations in case of power outage. There have been no major instances of power failure in the last three years. There can however be no assurance that electricity supplied to our existing Units will be sufficient to meet our requirements or that we will be able to procure adequate and uninterrupted power supply in the future at a reasonable cost. If the per unit cost of electricity is increased by the state electricity board our power cost will increase. An interruption in or limited supply of electricity may result in suspension of our manufacturing operations. A prolonged suspension in production could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

**_36. We appoint contract labour for carrying out some of our operations and we may be held responsible for paying the wages of such workers, if the independent contractors through_** 

55 

**_whom such workers are hired default on their obligations, and such obligations could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

We engage independent contractors through whom we engage contract labourers for performance of certain functions at our Units. Further, contractors and contract labourers will also be engaged in the construction of the Proposed Facility. Although we do not engage these labourers directly, we are responsible for any wage and statutory payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractors. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and our financial conditions. In addition, we may be liable for or exposed to litigations, sanctions, penalties or losses arising from accidents or damages caused by our workers or contractors. 

# **_37. Improper storage, processing and handling of raw materials and finished products may cause damage to our inventory leading to an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Our inventory primarily consists of raw materials including blocks of stones, grit, powder, pigment, resins and other chemicals, and finished products. Some of our raw materials are susceptible to damage, if they come in contact with the air and water, which may affect the quality of the finished product. In the event such a contamination is detected during quality checks, we may be required to discard the batches resulting in lower capacity utilizations, which could affect our financial condition or results of operations. Also, improper storage may result in higher than usual wastage of inventory due to mishandling, which may also require us to incur additional expenses in replacing or reprocessing that portion of the inventory and/ or incur additional expenses in maintenance and improvement of our storage infrastructure, which may adversely affect our profit margins. 

# **_38. Our inability to effectively manage our growth or to successfully implement our business plan and growth strategy could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

While we have experienced significant growth and have expanded our operations over the years, we cannot assure you that our growth strategy will continue to be successful or that we will be able to continue to expand further or at the same rate. The success of our business will depend greatly on our ability to effectively implement our business and growth strategy. Our growth strategy includes growing our product portfolio, strengthening our brand, deepening our penetration in existing markets and expanding our presence in select new territories and expanding our manufacturing capacities. For further information, see _“Our Business – Strategies”_ on page 185 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Our ability to sustain growth depends primarily upon our ability to manage key issues such as our ability to sustain existing relationships with our clients, ability to obtain raw materials at better prices, ability to compete effectively, ability to scaling up our operations, adhering to high quality and execution standards, our ability to expand our manufacturing capabilities and our presence in India as well as globally, the effectiveness of our marketing initiatives, selecting and retaining skilled personnel. Sustained growth also puts pressure on our ability to effectively manage and control historical and emerging risks. Our inability to effectively manage any of these issues may adversely affect our business growth and, as a result, impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our success in implementing our growth strategies may be affected by our ability to identify new market opportunities, develop products, increase our existing network of customers and ability to adapt to changes in the Indian or international regulatory environment applicable to us. Many of these factors are beyond our control and there can be no assurance that we will succeed in implementing our strategy. Any change in government policies and regulations including any ban imposed on a particular product by the respective governments, or any duties, pre-conditions or ban imposed by countries from where 

56 

we source certain raw materials may have an adverse impact on our operations. In addition, there may be delays in the anticipated timing of activities related to such growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans; increased difficulty and cost in implementing these efforts; and the incurrence of other unexpected costs associated with operating the business. Any of these factors could adversely impact our results of operations. If, for any reason, the benefits we realize are less than our estimates or the implementation of these growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans adversely affect our operations or cost more or take longer to effectuate than we expect, or if our assumptions prove inaccurate, our results of operations may be materially adversely affected. Please also see “ _Risk Factor No. 7 – If there are delays in setting up the Proposed Facility or if the costs of setting up and the possible time or cost overruns related to the Proposed Facility or the purchase of plant and machinery for the Proposed Facility are higher than expected, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects_ .” on page 38 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_39. We may be subject to unionization, work stoppages or increased labour costs, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our industry is labour intensive. The success of our operations depends on availability of labour and maintaining a good relationship with our workforce. As of January 31, 2023, we employed about 302 employees across our Units and registered office. We do not have any trade union registered under the Trade Unions Act, 1926. In the past three years, we have not experienced any labour dispute. We do not have any formal policy for redressal of labour disputes. Although we have not experienced any major interruption to our operations as a result of labour disputes in the recent past, there can be no assurance that we will not experience any such disruption in the future as a result of disputes or disagreements with our work force, which may adversely affect our ability to continue our business operations. We may also have to incur additional expense to train and retain skilled labour. We are also subject to a number of stringent labour laws that protect the interests of workers, including legislation that imposes financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment. There can be no assurance that we will not experience labour unrest in the future, which may delay or disrupt our operations. Any labour unrest including labour disputes, strikes and lockouts, industrial accidents, experienced by us could directly or indirectly prevent or hinder our normal operating activities and, if not resolved in a timely manner, could lead to disruptions in our operations. In the event of any prolonged delay or disruption of our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

# **_40. Our inability to accurately forecast demand or price for our products and manage our inventory may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our business depends on our estimate of the demand for our products from customers. We estimate demand for our products based on past sales and advance purchase order. If we overestimate demand, we may purchase more raw materials and manufacture more products than required. If we underestimate demand, we may manufacture fewer quantities of products than required, which could result in delayed or non-fulfilment of purchase orders resulting in loss of customers, goodwill and business. In addition, if our products do not achieve widespread acceptance or our customers, change their procurement preferences, we may be required to incur significant inventory markdowns or may not be able to sell the products at all, which would affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. As such, our inability to accurately forecast demand for our products and manage our inventory may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_41. Fluctuations in the average selling prices of natural and engineered stones could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

57 

The average selling prices of our products may be subject to fluctuations depending on the market conditions. The average selling prices of our products are affected by the general market conditions, such as pricing by competition and raw material costs, which could have an impact on the businesses of our distributors and, in turn, their demand for our products. While, we have not experienced any material fluctuation in our average selling prices, we cannot assure you that we will not experience declining average selling prices for our products or that our average selling prices can remain at the same level in the future. A decline in the average selling prices for our products could adversely affect our business and financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 

# **_42. We may be subject to significant risks and hazards when operating and maintaining our Units, for which our insurance coverage might not be adequate._** 

As of September 30, 2022, we operate from two Units in India. We generally perform scheduled and unscheduled maintenance and operating and other asset management services. We also subcontract certain maintenance services to third-parties who may not perform their services adequately. Manufacturing natural stones and engineered quartz involves handling of certain very heavy material which, if not handled properly, can be dangerous. In addition to natural risks such as earthquake, flood, lightning, cyclones and wind, other hazards, such as fire, structural collapse and machinery failure are inherent risks in our operations. They can cause significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property, plant and equipment and may result in the suspension of operations. The occurrence of any one of these events may result in our being named as a defendant in lawsuits asserting claims for substantial damages, including for cleanup costs, personal injury and property damage and fines and/ or penalties. 

We maintain an amount of insurance protection that we consider adequate including insurance policy covering fire, damage to buildings, plant and machinery, stocks (raw materials and finished goods), vehicles and policy covering damage to finished goods in transit. We may not have identified every risk and further may not be insured against every risk because such risks are either uninsurable or not insurable on commercially acceptable terms, including operational risk that may occur and the occurrence of an event that causes losses in excess of the limits specified in our policies, or losses arising from events or risks not covered by insurance policies such as COVID-19 and other pandemics, or due to the same being inadequate, could materially harm our cash flows, financial condition and future results of operations. However, we cannot provide any assurance that our insurance will be sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which we may be subject. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. Our total insurance cover for property, plant and equipment, and inventory, as of March 31, 2020, March 31, 2021, March 31, 2022 and September 30, 2022 was ₹ 827.39 Million, ₹ 759.02 Million, ₹ 715.12 Million and ₹ 882.22 Million respectively, which was 111.27%, 96.63%, 83.71%, and 96.05% respectively of our net block of property, plant and equipment, and inventory. The assets covered under insurance constitute 91.33%, 79.27%, 70.71% and 74.38% as of March 31, 2020, March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2022 and September 30, 2022 respectively, of the total assets of our Company. There have been no instances in the past where the insurance claims have exceeded insurance cover. However, there can be no assurance that such instances will not occur in future. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage, or successful assertion of one or more large claims against us for events for which we are not insured, or which exceeds our insurance coverage, or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, financial performance and cash flows could be adversely affected. For further information on our insurance arrangements, see _“Our Business – Insurance”_ beginning on page 201 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

58 

# **_43. We are dependent on our Promoter, Directors and a number of key managerial personnel and the loss of or our inability to attract or retain such persons could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

We are dependent on our Promoter, Directors and key managerial personnel for setting our strategic business direction and managing our business. Our Promoter, being Managing Director of our Company and several of our key managerial personnel have extensive experience in the natural and engineered stones sector. Our ability to meet continued success and future business challenges depends on our ability to attract, recruit and retain experienced, talented and skilled professionals. Without a sufficient number of skilled employees, our operations and manufacturing quality could suffer. The attrition rate of Key Personnel of our Company for the Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022 and the period ended September 30, 2022 was Nil, Nil, Nil and Nil respectively. As regards resignation by our Directors, there were no such resignations in the last three financial years except in the case of Mr. Rajiv Shah who had resigned from our Board with effect from February 12, 2020 due to personal reasons. The attrition rate in respect of our employees was 12.56%, 9.19%, 12.13% and 11.59% and in respect of labour was 30.62%, 19.97%, 29.21% and 39.15% for the Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022 and period ended September 30, 2022, respectively. We may experience similar attrition rates in the future. A significant increase in the attrition rate among skilled employees could decrease our operating efficiency and productivity and could lead to a decline in the profitability of our Company. Competition for qualified technical personnel and operators is intense, both in retaining our existing employees and when replacing or finding additional suitable employees. If we cannot hire additional qualified personnel or retain them, our ability to expand our business will be impacted. 

We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting and retaining suitable employees. The loss of the services of our key personnel or our inability to recruit or train a sufficient number of experienced personnel or our inability to manage the attrition levels in different employee categories may have an adverse effect on our financial results and business prospects. 

# **_44. An inability to renew quality accreditations in a timely manner or at all, or any deficiencies in the quality of our products may give rise to product liability claims and negatively affect our business prospects and financial performance._** 

We obtain and maintain quality certifications and accreditations from independent certification entities and also comply with prescribed specifications and standards of quality approved by certification issuing agencies. If we fail to comply with applicable quality standards or if we are otherwise unable to obtain such quality accreditations in the future in a timely manner or at all, our business prospects and financial performance may be negatively affected. 

Further, if our products are alleged or found to be defective, we may be subject to product liability claims. While there have been no instances during the last three financial years (Fiscal 2020 to Fiscal 2022) where we have faced issues in product liability claims. There could be instances in which our products do not meet the specifications. We have, at some times, encountered certain claims with respect to the quality of our products and we may be subject to product liability claims and litigation for compensation in the future also which could result in substantial and unexpected expenditure and could materially affect our cash flow and operating results. Further, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully defend such claims. If any such claims against us are ultimately successful, we could be required to pay substantial damages, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_45. Our Company’s name has been wrongly used in the past._** 

59 

Our Company was incorporated with the name ‘Swastic Niwas Private Limited’ which was changed in 2004 to ‘Global Stones Private Limited’ in light of the change in the business of the Company. However, our previous name has been interchangeably used as “Swastik Niwas Private Limited” in various official records and documents. Although, there has been no instance of objection or action from any third-party or regulatory authority, no assurance can be given that there will be no legal implications for such use of name by the Company in the past. If any thirdparty raises any objection or any concerned authorities takes any action against our Company, the operations of our Company may be impacted. However, no such objection has been raised by any third party till the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_46. Restrictions on import of raw materials may adversely impact our business and results of operations._** 

We currently import a minor portion of our raw materials. Raw material imports are regulated by certain specific laws and regulations that permit concerned authorities to stop any import if it is deemed that the goods proposed to be imported may be hazardous. While the raw materials we import may not be hazardous in nature, we cannot assure you that such regulations will not be made applicable to us or that such regulations will not evolve into more stringent regulations, which would place onerous requirements on us and consequently restrict our ability to import raw materials. While we have not in the recent past experienced any challenges in importing such materials, we cannot assure you that we will not experience any such challenges in the future. In light of the COVID-19 pandemic and the current war scenario in Eastern Europe, the import of raw materials could be affected in the future. In the event we are unable to import these materials, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in identifying alternate suppliers for raw materials or we will be able to source the raw materials at favourable terms in a timely manner or at all. Any change in law or applicable governmental policies relating to imports, change in international geo-political situations, restriction on import of raw materials could have an adverse effect on our ability to deliver products to our distributors, business and results of operations. 

# **_47. Any downgrading of our credit rating by a domestic or international credit rating agency may increase interest rates for our future borrowings, which would increase our cost of borrowings, and adversely affect our ability to borrow on a competitive basis._** 

Acuite Ratings & Research Limited has on March 31, 2022 assigned ACUITE A-; Outlook: Stable rating for the long-term bank facilities and ACUITE A2+ rating for the short-term bank facilities of our Company. 

We have been assigned the following credit ratings in the last three years: 

|**Particulars**|**_31-M_**|**_ar-22_**|**_09-M_**|**_ar-21_**|**_04-N_**|**_ov-19_**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Long Term**<br>**Instruments**|**_Short_**<br>**_Term_**<br>**_Instruments_**|**_Long_**<br>**_Term_**<br>**_Instruments_**|**_Short Term_**<br>**_Instruments_**|**_Long Term_**<br>**_Instruments_**|**_Short Term_**<br>**_Instruments_**|
|**Rating**|ACUITE A-|ACUITE A2+|ACUITE<br>BBB+|ACUITE A2|BBB-|BWR A3|
|**Rating**<br>**Agency**|A|cuité Ratings &|Research Limite|d|Brickwor|k Rating|



Our credit rating may be downgraded in the future due to various factors, including factors which may be beyond our control. Any future downgrade of our credit ratings may increase interest rates for refinancing our borrowings, which would increase our cost of borrowings, and may have an adverse effect on our future issuances of debt and our ability to borrow on a competitive basis. Further, any downgrade in our credit ratings may also trigger an event of default or acceleration of repayment of certain of our borrowings. If any of these risks materialise, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 

60 

**_48. Uncertainty regarding the infrastructure industry, housing and other real estate market, economic conditions and other factors beyond our control could adversely affect demand for our products and services, our costs of doing business and our financial performance._** 

Our financial performance depends significantly on the stability of the real estate, infrastructure and other related industries, as well as general economic conditions, including changes in gross domestic product. Adverse conditions in or uncertainty about these markets or the economy could adversely impact our end-customers’ confidence or financial condition, causing them to determine not to invest in real estate or delay purchasing or payment for real estate. The state of the credit markets, including mortgages and consumer credit and other conditions beyond our control, could further adversely affect demand for our products, our costs of doing business and our financial performance. Any slowdown in these industries and economy is a major risk for the natural and engineered stones industry. 

# **_49. The industry segment in which we operate being fragmented, we face competition from other players, which may affect our business operations and financial conditions._** 

We compete in natural and engineered stone industry on the basis of the quality of our products, price, and distribution. The industry in which we operate is highly competitive. Factors affecting our competitive success include, amongst other things, price, demand for our products, availability of raw materials, brand recognition and reliability. Our competitors vary in size, and may have greater financial, production, marketing, personnel and other resources than us and certain of our competitors have a longer history of established businesses and reputations in the global natural and engineered stone industry as compared with us. Competitive conditions may cause us to incur lower net selling prices and reduce gross margins and net earnings. These conditions may continue indefinitely. Changes in the identity, ownership structure, and strategic goals of our competitors and the emergence of new competitors in our target markets may impact our financial performance. Our failure to compete effectively, including any delay in responding to changes in the industry and market, together with increased spending on advertising, may affect the competitiveness of our products, which may result in a decline in our revenues and profitability. Also, see _“Business - Competition”_ on page 201 of this RHP. 

**_50. We have in this Red Herring Prospectus included certain Non-GAAP Measures and certain other industry measures related to our operations and financial performance. These NonGAAP Measures and industry measures may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across the natural and engineered stone industry, and therefore may not be comparable with financial or industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other companies._** 

Certain Non-GAAP Measures and certain other industry measures relating to our operations and financial performance have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. We compute and disclose such Non-GAAP Measures and such other industry related statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance as we consider such information to be useful measures of our business and financial performance, and because such measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and others to evaluate the operational performance of Indian natural and engineered stones companies, many of which provide such Non-GAAP Measures and other industry related statistical and operational information. Such supplemental financial and operational information is therefore of limited utility as an analytical tool and investors are cautioned against considering such information either in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our audited financial statements as reported under applicable accounting standards disclosed elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

These Non-GAAP Measures and such other industry related statistical and other information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and are not measures of operating 

61 

performance or liquidity defined by generally accepted accounting principles, and therefore may not be comparable to financial measures and industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other manufacturing companies. 

# **_51. Our Promoter will continue to retain majority shareholding in the Company after the Offer, which will allow him to exercise significant influence over us and potentially create conflicts of interest._** 

As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoter hold approximately 73.55% of the preOffer paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company and will continue to hold [●]% of the postOffer paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. Accordingly, our Promoter will continue to exercise significant influence over our business policies and affairs and all matters requiring shareholders’ approval, including the composition of our Board, the adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation, the approval of mergers, strategic acquisitions or joint ventures or the sales of substantially all of our assets, and the policies for dividends, lending, investments and capital expenditures. This concentration of ownership also may delay, defer or even prevent a change in control of our Company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of these stockholders. The interests of the Promoter as our controlling shareholder could conflict with our interests or the interests of our other shareholders. in which event, we cannot assure you that the Promoter will act to resolve any conflicts of interest in our favour or the interests of our other shareholders. 

# **_52. Any failure or disruption of our information technology systems could adversely impact our business and operations._** 

Our business is dependent upon increasingly complex and interdependent information technology systems, including internet-based systems, to support business processes as well as internal and external communications. For instance, we have implemented an accounting software across our offices and Units, to handle manufacturing, sales, purchase, inventory and financial reporting. The complexity of our computer systems may make us potentially vulnerable to breakdown, malicious intrusion and computer viruses. Our Company does not have any formal data security policy. While we have not experienced any disruptions to our information technology systems in the past or breach in Company’s database in last three years, we cannot assure you that we will not encounter disruptions in the future. Any such disruption may result in the loss of key information or disruption of our business processes, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, our systems are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches, whether by employees or others that may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. 

# **_53. Changes in technology may affect our business by making our Units or equipment less competitive._** 

Our profitability and competitiveness are to a certain extent dependent on our ability to respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis. Changes in technology may make newer generation manufacturing equipment more competitive than ours or may require us to make additional capital expenditures to upgrade our Units. Our inability to continue to invest in new and more advanced technologies and equipment, may result in our inability to respond to emerging industry standards and practices in a costeffective and timely manner that is competitive with other natural and engineered stone manufacturing companies and other methods of manufacturing. The development and implementation of such technology entails technical and business risks. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully implement new technologies or adapt our processing systems to emerging industry standards. If we are unable to adapt in a timely manner to changing market conditions or technological changes, our business and financial performance could be adversely affected. 

62 

**_54. Our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale portion, and the Selling Shareholders shall be entitled to the Offer Proceeds to the extent of the Equity Shares offered by them in the Offer for Sale. Our Promoter are therefore interested in the Offer in connection with the Equity Shares offered by them in the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer includes an offer for sale of such number of Equity Shares aggregating up to 2,550,000 by the Selling Shareholders, which includes the Promoter and member of the Promoter Group of our Company. The Promoter and member of the Promoter Group are, therefore, interested in the Offer Proceeds to the extent of the Equity Shares offered by them in the Offer for Sale. The entire proceeds (net of offer expenses) from the Offer for Sale will be paid to the Selling Shareholders in proportion to their respective portions of the Offered Shares transferred pursuant to the Offer for Sale, and our Company will not receive any such proceeds. Further, except for listing fees of the Offer, which will be borne by our Company, all cost, fees and expenses (including all applicable taxes) in respect of the Offer will be shared amongst our Company and the Selling Shareholders on a pro-rata basis, in proportion to the Equity Shares issued and allotted by our Company in the Fresh Issue and the Offered Shares sold by the Selling Shareholders in the Offer for Sale, upon successful completion of the Offer. See _“Capital Structure”_ and _“Objects of the Offer”_ on pages 90 and 115, respectively of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_55. We may undertake strategic acquisitions or investments, which may prove to be difficult to integrate and manage or may not be successful._** 

In the future, we may consider making strategic acquisitions of other natural and engineered stones manufacturing companies or other companies whose resources, capabilities and strategies are complementary to and are likely to increase our product portfolio and expand our distribution network. We may also enter into strategic alliances or joint ventures to explore such opportunities or make significant investments in entities that we do not control to capitalize on such business opportunities and there can be no assurance that such strategic alliances, joint ventures or investments will be successful. 

It is also possible that we may not identify suitable acquisition or investment candidates or that if we do identify suitable candidates, we may not complete those transactions on terms commercially acceptable to us or at all. The inability to identify suitable acquisition targets or investments or the inability to complete such transactions may adversely affect our competitiveness or our growth prospects. 

If we acquire another company, we could face difficulty in integrating the acquired operations. In addition, the key personnel of the acquired company may decide not to work for us. These difficulties could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and employees and increase our expenses. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve the strategic purpose of such acquisition or operational integration or our targeted return on investment. 

# **_56. We have issued Equity Shares at prices that may be lower than the Offer Price in the last 12 months._** 

We have issued and allotted 14,512,208 equity shares, at prices which may be lower than the Offer Price. For further details, please see _“Capital Structure – Notes to the Capital Structure – Equity Share capital history of our Company”_ beginning on page 91 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_57. Our Promoter has provided personal guarantee for loans availed by us. In the event of default of the debt obligations, the personal guarantees may be invoked thereby adversely affecting our Promoter’s ability to manage the affairs of our Company and our Company’s profitability and consequently this may impact our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations._** 

63 

Our Company has availed loans in business. Our Promoter has provided personal guarantee in relation to certain loans availed by our Company, for details please see _“Financial Indebtedness”_ on page 319. In the event of default in repayment of the loans by the Company, the personal guarantee extended by our Promoter may be invoked by our lenders thereby adversely affecting our Promoter’s ability to manage the affairs of our Company and this, in turn, could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_58. If we are subject to any frauds, theft, or embezzlement by our employees, suppliers or customers, it could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our operations may be subject to incidents of theft. We may also encounter some inventory loss on account of employees/ supplier/ customer fraud, theft, or embezzlement. Although we have set up various security measures in our office premises and Units such as deployment of security guards and operational processes such as periodic stock taking, there can be no assurance that we will not experience any fraud, theft, employee negligence, loss in transit or similar incidents in the future, which could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

# **_59. We face foreign exchange risks that could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows._** 

We have foreign currency receivables and payables for sale of our products and supply of certain raw materials and equipment and are therefore, exposed to foreign exchange risk between the Indian Rupee and U.S. Dollars and other foreign currencies, if applicable. While we have been adopting foreign exchange risk mitigation measures like forward exchange contract, there can be no assurance that we will be able to avoid the effect of any adverse fluctuations in the value of the Indian Rupee against other relevant foreign currencies. We have in the past experienced net foreign currency exchange gains to the extent of ₹ 43.35 million, ₹ 26.08 million and ₹ 14.26 million during the Fiscals 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively and net foreign currency exchange loss to the extent of ₹ 0.16 million during the period ended September 30, 2022, which represents 2.28%, 1.49%, 0.87% and (0.02)% of our revenues from operations for and period ended September 30, 2022 respectively. However, there can be no assurance that we shall not be subject to foreign currency exchange losses in the future. Further, volatility in exchange rates would result in an increase in the cost of our products. We may not be able to pass on such increase in costs to our customers. Any significant fluctuation in the value of the Indian Rupee against such currencies may result in reduction of our margins and consequently have an adverse effect on business and result of operations. 

# **_60. Our Promoter, also being the Managing Director, and some other Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of our Company, hold Equity Shares in our Company and are therefore interested in the Company’s performance in addition to their remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Our Promoter, also being the Managing Director, and some other Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of our Company, are interested in our Company, in addition to their remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses, to the extent of their shareholding in our Company. Our Promoter, Directors and KMPs shall abide by the provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and protect the interests of the Company. However, in case of any conflict of interest our Promoter, Directors and KMPs shall keep the interests of our Company first over their personal interest, we cannot assure you that they will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. Our Promoter, Directors and KMPs may take or block actions with respect to our business which may conflict with the best interests of our Company or that of minority shareholders. For further information on the 

64 

interest of our Promoter, Directors and KMPs of our Company, other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or remuneration or benefits, please see the chapters titles _“Our Management”_ and _“Our Promoter and Promoter Group”_ beginning on pages 218 and 237, respectively, of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_61. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

We have not declared dividend in the past. For further information, see _“Dividend Policy”_ on page 245 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. The declaration and payment of dividends will be recommended by the Board of Directors and approved by the Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act. We may retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of the business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board in accordance with the dividend distribution policy as may be adopted by our Board from time to time and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our Company’s profitability, capital requirements, financial commitments and requirements, including business and expansions plans, applicable legal restrictions and any other financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. Accordingly, realization of a gain on Shareholders’ investments will depend on the appreciation of the price of the Equity Shares. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will appreciate in value. 

# **<u>RISKS RELATING TO INDIA</u>** 

# **_62. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia, Russia and elsewhere in the world in recent years has adversely affected the Indian economy. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby negatively affect the Indian economy. Financial disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on our principal markets. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. Following the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union (“ **Brexit** ”), there remains significant uncertainty around the terms of their future relationship with the European Union and, more generally, as to the impact of Brexit on the general economic conditions in the United Kingdom and the European Union and any consequential impact on global financial markets. For example, Brexit could give rise to increased volatility in foreign exchange rate movements and the value of equity and debt investments. The full scale military invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the subsequent sanctions placed on Russia by various countries has substantially affected the economic stability of the world and such volatility could impact the Company’s growth. 

65 

In addition, the USA is one of India’s major trading partners and any possible slowdown in the American economy as well as a strained relationship with India could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term effect of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. Any significant financial disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation, and cash flows. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_63. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or outbreak of global pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war in India or globally, including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine following Russia’s full-scale military invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, volatility in interest rates, volatility in commodity and energy prices, an increase in oil prices, a loss of investor confidence in other emerging market economies and other political and economic development may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_64. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located elsewhere, including India. Adverse economic developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficit, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 

We are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in which we operate. There have been periods of slowdown 

66 

in the economic growth of India. Demand for our products may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional and global economies. Economic growth in the countries in which we operate is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements namely export demand and movements in key imports, global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall which affects agricultural production. Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Also, a change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could adversely affect economic conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular and high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our revenues, and as such decrease our operating margins. 

# **_65. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as Indian GAAP, U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which investors may be more familiar with and may consider material to their assessment of our financial condition._** 

Our Restated Financial Statements as at and for the financial year ended March 31, 2022 have been derived from our consolidated audited financial statements as at and for the financial year ended March 31, 2022 prepared in accordance with Ind AS. Our Restated Financial Statements as at and for the financial year ended March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020 have been derived from our consolidated audited financial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2021 and standalone audited financial statements as at and for the years ended March 31, 2020 prepared in accordance with Accounting Standards and restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the ICAI Guidance Note. 

Ind AS differs in certain significant respects from Indian GAAP, IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. If our Restated Financial Statements were to be prepared in accordance with such other accounting principles, our results of operations, cash flows and financial position may be substantially different. Prospective investors should review the accounting policies applied in the preparation of our Restated Financial Statements and consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between these accounting principles and those with which they may be more familiar. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

# **_66. If there is any change in laws or regulations, including taxation laws, or their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect our financial statements._** 

Any change in Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. Any future amendments may affect our benefits such as exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemption for interest received in respect of tax-free bonds, and long-term capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. 

In addition, we are subject to tax related inquiries and claims. We may be particularly affected by claims from tax authorities on account of income tax assessment, service tax, past claims of central excise, state VAT, and GST that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into one unified rate of interest with effect from July 1, 2017. For further information on litigations arising out of such claims, see _“Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments”_ beginning on page 322 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Further, the Government of India has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2023, pursuant to which the Finance Act, 2022 (“ **Finance Act** ”), wherein a few sections have become effective from April 01, 2022 and the remaining shall come into force as and when may be notified by the 

67 

Central Government, has introduced various amendments. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2022 may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. 

# **_67. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between nonresidents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Further, unless specifically restricted, foreign investment is freely permitted in all sectors of the Indian economy up to any extent and without any prior approvals, but the foreign investor is required to follow certain prescribed procedures for making such investment. The RBI and the concerned ministries/ departments are responsible for granting approval for foreign investment. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. 

In addition, pursuant to the Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the DPIIT, which has been incorporated as the proviso to Rule 6(a) of the FEMA Rules, investments where the beneficial owner of the Equity Shares is situated in or is a citizen of a country which shares land border with India, can only be made through the Government approval route, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy dated October 15, 2020 and the FEMA Rules. These investment restrictions shall also apply to subscribers of offshore derivative instruments. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained with or without any particular terms or conditions or at all. 

We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For further information, see _“Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities”_ on page 378 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_68. A downgrade in ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our 

68 

control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_69. Adverse political conditions such as increased tensions between India and USA, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Adverse political conditions such as increased tensions between India and USA resulting in any conflict in the region could adversely affect our business and operations. Such events may lead to countries imposing restrictions on the import or export of products or raw materials, among others, and affect our ability to procure raw materials required for our manufacturing operations. We could also be affected by the introduction of import tariffs in India, or in the countries to which we export our products, or changes in trade agreements between countries. 

# **_70. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us, our Directors, the Book Running Lead Manager or any of their directors and executive officers in India respectively, except by way of a law suit in India._** 

We are incorporated under the laws of India and all our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel reside in India. All our assets are also located in India. Where investors wish to enforce foreign judgments in India, they may face difficulties in enforcing such judgments. India exercises reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions. In order to be enforceable, a judgment obtained in a jurisdiction which India recognises as a reciprocating territory must meet certain requirements of the Civil Procedure Code, 1908 (the “ **CPC** ”). 

India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13, 14 and Section 44A of the CPC on a statutory basis. Section 44A of the CPC provides that where a certified copy of a decree of any superior court, within the meaning of that Section, obtained in any country or territory outside India which the government has by notification declared to be in a reciprocating territory, may be enforced in India by proceedings in execution as if the judgment had been rendered by a district court in India. However, Section 44A of the CPC is applicable only to monetary decrees and does not apply to decrees for amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalties and does not apply to arbitration awards (even if such awards are enforceable as a decree or judgment). 

A judgment of a court of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit upon the judgment under Section 13 of the CPC, and not by proceedings in execution. Section 13 of the CPC provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated upon except: 

(i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction; (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case; (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable; (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice; (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud; and/ or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. The suit must be brought in India within three years from the date of judgment in the same manner as any other suit filed to enforce a civil liability in India. 

It cannot be assured that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it views the amount of damages awarded as excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. A party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior 

69 

approval from the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered pursuant to the execution of such foreign judgment. 

# **_71. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our products at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our clients thereby reducing our margins._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of transportation, wages, raw materials and other expenses relevant to our business. 

High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our clients, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or entirely offset any increases in costs with increases in prices for our products. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Further, the Government has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

# **_72. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time taken for such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares outside India, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

# **<u>RISKS RELATING TO THE OFFER AND THE EQUITY SHARES</u>** 

# **_73. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction where the investors are located in do does not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor's benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emption rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in us would be reduced. 

70 

# **_74. Rights of shareholders of companies under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Our Articles of Association, composition of our Board, Indian laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive and widespread as shareholders' rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

# **_75. Any future issuance of Equity Shares may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by the Promoter may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth, whether organic or inorganic, through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us (including under an employee benefit scheme) or disposal of our Equity Shares by the Promoter or any of our other principal shareholders or any other change in our shareholding structure to comply with minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India or any public perception regarding such issuance or sales may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that our existing shareholders including our Promoter will not dispose of further Equity Shares after the completion of the Offer (subject to provisions of the applicable laws) or pledge or encumber their Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of shareholder’s investment in the Equity Shares and adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. Such securities may also be issued at prices below the Offer Price. We may also issue convertible debt securities to finance our future growth or fund our business activities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. 

# **_76. Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Offer._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately five Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

# **_77. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

71 

Under the current Indian tax laws and regulations, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax (“STT”) is levied both at the time of transfer and acquisition of the equity shares (unless exempted under a prescribed notification) and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realised on the sale of equity shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold using any other platform other than on a recognised stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, are subject to long term capital gains tax in India. Such long-term capital gains exceeding ₹ 100,000 arising from the sale of listed equity shares on the stock exchange are subject to tax at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess). Unrealized capital gains earned on listed equity shares up to January 31, 2018 continue to be tax exempt in such cases. Further, STT will be levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange if the equity shares are sold on a stock exchange. With respect to capital gains arising in an off-market sale, long term capital gains are subject to tax at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) without the exemption of ₹ 100,000. Short-term capital gains, arising from the sale of such equity shares on a stock exchange would be subject to tax at the rate of 15% (plus applicable surcharge and cess), while short term capital gains arising in an off-market sale would be subject to tax at a higher rate of 40% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) in the case of foreign companies and 30% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) in the case of other non-resident taxpayers. 

The Finance Act, 2019 amended the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 with effect from July 1, 2020 and clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2019 may have on our Company’s business and operations. 

Further, any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. In cases where the seller is a non-resident, capital gains arising from the sale of the equity shares will be partially or wholly exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Additionally, the Finance Act, 2020 does not require dividend distribution tax to be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. Historically, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the equity shares. 

Our Company cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect on our Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_78. The requirements of being a publicly listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a publicly listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the Listing Regulations which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited 

72 

quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/ or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. Further, as a publicly listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

# **_79. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and may experience price and volume fluctuations following the completion of the Offer, an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for our Equity Shares will develop or, if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book building process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described in the section _“Basis for Offer Price”_ beginning on page 129 of this RHP. This price may not necessarily be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares after the Offer is completed. You may not be able to re-sell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer price and may as a result lose all or part of your investment. 

Our Equity Shares are expected to trade on NSE and BSE after the Offer, but there can be no assurance that active trading in our Equity Shares will develop after the Offer, or if such trading develops that it will continue. Investors may not be able to sell our Equity Shares at the quoted price if there is no active trading in our Equity Shares. 

There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past, and the trading price of our Equity Shares after this Offer could fluctuate significantly as a result of market volatility or due to various internal or external risks, including but not limited to those described in this Red Herring Prospectus. The market price of our Equity Shares may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 

- the failure of security analysts to cover the Equity Shares after this Offer, or changes in the estimates of our performance by analysts; 

- the activities of competitors and suppliers; 

- future sales of the Equity Shares by us or our shareholders; 

- investor perception of us and the industry in which we operate; 

- our quarterly or annual earnings or those of our competitors; 

- developments affecting fiscal, industrial or environmental regulations; 

- the public’s reaction to our press releases and adverse media reports; and 

- general economic conditions. 

A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

**_80. Future sales of Equity Shares by our Promoter may adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares._** 

73 

After the completion of the Offer, our Promoter will own, directly, more than [●]% of our outstanding Equity Shares. Upon expiry of the lock-in period provided under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, our Promoter will be eligible to sell part or all of the Equity Shares held by it. Future sales of a large number of the Equity Shares by our Promoter, either in one sale or over a series of sales, could adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares. Similarly, the perception that any such primary or secondary sale may occur could adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares. No assurance may be given that our Promoter will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future, or that the market price of the Equity Shares will not be adversely affected by any such disposal, pledge or encumbrance of their Equity Shares. 

# **_81. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid amount) at any stage after submitting a bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after bid/offer closing date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to block the Bid amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of equity shares or the Bid amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Similarly, Retail Individual Investors can revise or withdraw their Bids at any time during the bid/ offer period and until the Bid/ offer closing date, but not thereafter. While we are required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within six Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by the SEBI, events affecting the Investors’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events may limit the Investors’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. Therefore, QIBs and NonInstitutional Investors will not be able to withdraw or lower their bids following adverse developments in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or otherwise between the dates of submission of their Bids and Allotment. 

74 

