# **SECTION II - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only risks relevant to us or the Equity Shares or the industry in which we currently operate. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business prospects, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. In order to obtain a complete understanding about us, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with the sections “Our Business”, “Industry Overview”, “Key Regulations and Policies in India”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments” on pages 143, 119, 166, 302 and 341, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information included in this Red Herring Prospectus. If any of the risks described below, or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial actually occur, our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected, the trading price of the Equity Shares could decline, and investors may lose all or part of the value of their investment. The financial and other related implications of the risk factors, wherever quantifiable, have been disclosed in the risk factors mentioned below. However, there are certain risk factors where the financial impact is not quantifiable and, therefore, cannot be disclosed in such risk factors. You should consult your tax, fi nancial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in this Offer._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. Please see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 20._ 

_Our Fiscal commences on April 1 and ends on March 31 of the immediately subsequent year, and references to a particular Fiscal are to the 12 months ended March 31 of that year. Unless the context otherwise requires, the financial information included herein is based on or derived from our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further details, please see “Financial Statements” on page 202._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the report “Assessing the Market Potential of Information Technology Services Market” dated June 2020 (the “_ **_Frost & Sullivan Report_** _”) prepared and released by Frost & Sullivan and commissioned by us in connection with the Offer. Neither we, nor the BRLMs, nor any other person connected with the Offer has independently verified thirdparty statistical, financial and other industry information in this report. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the Frost & Sullivan Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant fiscal year. For further details, please see “Industry Overview” on page 119._ 

# **INTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

**_Risks related to our Business_** 

**_1. Our revenues from operations are highly dependent on customers located in the United States. Worsening economic conditions or factors that negatively affect the economic conditions of the United States could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

In Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020 and the three months period ended June 30, 2020, our external customers located in the United States contributed 73.5%, 75.5%, 77.5% and 77.3%% of our revenue from contracts with customers, respectively. A single customer located in the United States contributed 11.7%, 13.9%, 12.2% and 14.8% of our total revenues from contracts with customers in Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020 and the three months period ended June 30, 2020, respectively. 

Existing and potential competitors to our businesses may increase their focus on the United States market, which could reduce our market share. The concentration of our revenues from operations from the Unit ed States heightens our exposure to adverse developments related to competition, as well as economic, political, regulatory and other changes. United States political campaigns and any related transitions may also bring a degree of political and social uncertainty which may cause capital flows and domestic investment to become more volatile. Adoption of anti-sourcing laws in many countries, including the United States, may also limit the ability of our customers to engage us. For further details, please see “ _Risk Factors_ - _Anti-outsourcing legislation, if adopted in_ 

28 

_the countries where our customers are based, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and impair our ability to service our customers”_ on page 43. Any adverse development that affects the overall economy of the United States or sectors or industries in which our competitors operate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our reliance on a select group of customers located in the United States may constrain our ability to negotiate our arrangements, which may have an impact on our profit margins and financial performance. The deterioration of the financial condition or business prospects of these customers could reduce their requirement for our services and result in a significant decrease in the revenues we derive from these customers. In addition, we do not have long-term commitments with most of our customers. For further details, please see “ _Risk Factors_ - _“We do not have long-term commitments with our customers, and our customers may terminate contracts before completion, negotiate adverse terms of the contract or choose not to renew contracts, which could materially adversely aff ect our business, financial condition and results of operations”_ on page 32. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain historic levels of business from our customers located in the United States, or that we will be able to significantly reduce customer concentration in the future. 

**_2. Our Company has grown through organic growth as well as through strategic acquisitions. We may be unable to effectively manage such rapid growth, which could place significant demands on our management personnel, systems and resources. We may not be able to achieve anticipated growth, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We have experienced rapid growth and significantly expanded our business in the last three Fiscals. Our total income grew from ₹4,891.2 million in Fiscal 2018 to ₹7,142.3 million in Fiscal 2020. In addition to organic growth, we have also grown through strategic acquisitions. For further details, please see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters_ ” on page 173. As of March 31, 2018, we had 2,044 delivery professionals, which grew to 2,439 delivery professionals as of March 31, 2020 and to 2,448 as of June 30, 2020. We intend to continue our expansion in the foreseeable future to pursue existing and potential opportunities. 

Our rapid growth has placed and will continue to place significant demands on our management and our administrative, operational and financial infrastructure. Continued expansion increases the challen ges we face in: 

- recruiting, training and retaining sufficiently skilled IT professionals and management personnel; 

- adhering to and further improving our high-quality and process execution standards and maintaining high levels of customer satisfaction; 

- managing a larger number of customers in a greater number of industries and locations; 

- maintaining effective oversight of personnel and delivery centres; 

- developing and improving our internal administrative infrastructure, particularly our financial, operational, communications and other internal systems; and 

- preserving our innovative culture, values and entrepreneurial environment. 

Moreover, as we introduce new services or enter into new markets, we may face new market, technological and operational risks and challenges with which we are unfamiliar, and it may require substantial management efforts and skills to mitigate these risks and challenges. As a result of any of these problems associated with rapid expansion, our management personnel may face significant demands which in turn could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, we may not be a ble to achieve anticipated growth, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_3. Our success depends substantially on the continuing services of our Promoter, senior executives and other key personnel. If we are unable to attract and retain senior executives, we may not be able to maintain client relationships and grow effectively, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our future success heavily depends upon the continued services of our Promoter, senior executives and other key employees. While we have taken directors’ & officers’ insurance, we currently do not maintain key man life insurance for our Promoter or Directors and officers. If one or more of our senior executives or key employees are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, it could disrupt our business operations, and we may not be able to replace them easily or at all. In addition, there is extensive competition within the Indian technology market ( _Source: Frost & Sullivan Report_ ), and we may be unable to retain our senior executives and key personnel or attract and retain new senior executives and key personnel in the future, in which case our business may be 

29 

severely disrupted, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If any of our senior executives or key personnel joins a competitor or forms a competing company, we may lose customers, suppliers, know-how and key IT professionals and staff members to them which may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Also, if any of our business development managers, who generally keep a close relationship with our customers, joins a competitor or forms a competing company, we may lose customers, and our revenues may be materially adversely affected. Additionally, there could be unauthorised disclosure or use of our technical knowledge, practices or procedures by such personnel. If any dispute arises between our senior executives or key personnel and us, any non - competition, non-solicitation and non-disclosure provisions in our employment agreements we have with our senior executives or key personnel might not provide effective protection to us. 

In addition, while our Company has a succession plan for our Promoter and our senior executives and key personnel, we need to successfully implement such plans. If we cannot attract and retain qualified personnel or effectively implement appropriate succession plans it may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_4. We will continue to be controlled by our Promoter after the completion of the Offer and any substantial change in our Promoter’s shareholding will have an impact on the trading price of our Equity Shares._** 

Following completion of the Offer, our Promoter, Ashok Soota, will continue to hold a significant percentage of our Equity Share capital. Our Promoter will, therefore, be able to control the outcome of matters submitted to our Board or Shareholders for approval. After the Offer, our Promoter will continue to exercise significant control or influence over our business and major policy decisions. Accordingly, the interests of our Promoter in capacity of a shareholder may conflict with your interests and the interest of our other shareholders. The trading price of our Equity Shares could be adversely affected if potential new investors are disinclined to invest in us because they perceive disadvantages to a large shareholding being concentrated in our Promoter. For details of our Equity Shares held by our Promoter, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 75. 

Further, pursuant to a facility agreement dated July 24, 2019 ( **Facility Agreement** ) Avendus Finance Private Limited ( **Avendus** ) has lent ₹400 million to our Promoter. Pursuant to the Facility Agreement, our Promoter has entered into a security trustee agreement dated July 24, 2019 with Avendus and Vistra ITCL (India) Limited ( **Security Trustee** ). The Facility Agreement was amended on May 28, 2020 whereby Ashok Soota Medical Research LLP ( **ASMR LLP** ), a member of our Promoter Group was made a party to the Facility Agreement. Our Promoter, ASMR LLP and the Security Trustee then entered into an amended and restated share pledge agreement on May 28, 2020 (which is an amendment to the share pledge agreement, dated July 24, 2019 entered into by our Promoter), as per which, our Promoter and Ashok Soota Medical Research LLP have pledged 24,122,331 Equity Shares and 17,948,784 Equity Shares, respectively, in favour of the Security Trustee. 

In the event of non-adherence of the terms under such loan and security arrangements, the pledge on our Promoter’s shares could be invoked, which may also lead to a change in control in our Company. If any of these events were to happen, the trading price of the Equity Shares may be adversely affected. 

**_5. Our Company had restated loss for the year in Fiscal 2018. Any restated loss for the year in future could adversely affect our operations and financial conditions and the trading price of our Equity Shares._** 

In Fiscal 2018, our Company had restated loss for the year of ₹224.7 million. This was due to relatively lower revenue from contracts with customers and higher employee benefit expense and finance costs. Further, to write off accumulated losses, our Company reduced the Securities Premium Account of our Company by ₹1,595.2 million, pursuant to an approval from the National Company Law Tribunal, Bengaluru bench through its order dated November 5, 2019 to the scheme of reduction of capital filed by our Company . For further details, see “ _Capital Structure – Securities Premium Account_ ” on page 75. 

Any loss for the year in future could adversely affect our operations and financial conditions and the trading price of our Equity Shares. For further details, see “ _Financial Statements_ ” on page 202. 

30 

**_6. If we fail to attract and retain highly skilled IT professionals, we may not have the necessary resources to properly staff projects, and failure to successfully compete for such IT professionals could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our success depends largely on the contributions of our IT professionals and our ability to attract and retain qualified IT professionals. 

The total attrition rates among our IT professionals (excluding employees in DBS-PGS in NOIDA) who have worked for us for at least six months were 25.2% and 18.7% for Fiscals 2019 and 2020, respectively. We may encounter higher attrition rates in the future. A significant increase in the attrition rate among skilled IT professionals with specialised skills could decrease our operating efficiency and productivity and could lead to a decline in demand for our services. The competition for highly-skilled IT professionals may require us to increase salaries, and we may be unable to pass on these increased costs to our customers. This would increase our operational costs which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition, our ability to maintain and renew existing engagements and obtain new business will depend, in large part, on our ability to attract, train and retain skilled IT professionals, including experienced management IT professionals, which enables us to keep pace with growing demands for outsourcing, evolving industry standards and changing customer preferences. If we are unable to attract and retain the highly skilled IT professionals we need, we may have to forgo projects for lack of resources or be unable to staff projects optimally. Our failure to attract, train and retain IT professionals with the qualifications necessary to fulfil the needs of our existing and future customers or to assimilate new IT professionals successfully could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, we may be unable to manage knowledge developed internally, which may be lost in the event of our inability to retain employees. 

Our IT professional headcount grew from 2,044 at March 31, 2018 to 2,439 as of March 31, 2020. Our business is people driven and, accordingly, our success depends upon our ability to attract, develop, motivate, retain and effectively utilise highly-skilled IT professionals in our delivery locations across India. We believe that there is significant competition for IT professionals in India where our delivery centres are located and that such competition is likely to continue for the foreseeable future. Increased hiring by technology companies and increasing worldwide competition for skilled IT professionals may lead to a shortage in the availability of suitable personnel in the locations where we operate and hire. Failure to hire, train and retain IT professionals in sufficient numbers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Companies engaged in the technology industry are required to provide a greater deal of employee satisfaction and morale through providing professional incentives and enable digital maturity through collaborative support from the workforce. Further, companies engaged in the technology industry have been struggling with rising attrition rates _(Source: Frost & Sullivan Report)_ . Further, there is a limited pool of individuals who have the skills and training needed to help us grow our Company, including a shortage of employees skilled in emerging technologies like artificial intelligence, machine learning, blockchain, Internet of Things, cybersecurity and data analytics ( _Source: Frost & Sullivan Report_ ). We compete for such talented individuals not only with other companies in our industry but also with companies in other industries, such as software services, engineering services, financial services and technology generally, among others. High attrition rates of IT professionals would increase our hiring, reskilling, upskilling and training costs and could have an adverse effect on our ability to complete existing contracts in a timely manner, meet customer objectives and expand our business. 

**_7. We generate a significant portion of our revenues from a small number of customers, and any loss or reduction of business from these customers could reduce our revenues and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations._** 

We have derived, and believe that in the foreseeable future we will continue to derive, a significant portion of our revenues from a small number of customers which may not be the same every year. 

Our ability to maintain close relationships with these and other major customers is essential to the growth and profitability of our business. However, the volume and nature of work performed for a specific customer is likely to vary from year to year, especially since we are generally not our customers’ exclusive IT services provider and we do not have long-term commitments with most of our customers to purchase our services. Please see “ _Risk Factors_ - _We do not have long-term commitments with our customers, and our customers may terminate contracts before completion, negotiate adverse terms of the contract or choose not to renew contracts, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations_ ” on page 32. A major 

31 

customer in one year may not provide the same level of revenues for us in any subsequent year. The IT services we provide to our customers, and the revenues and net income from those services, may decline or vary as the type and quantity of IT services the customers require changes over time. Furtherm ore, our reliance on any individual customer for a significant portion of our revenues may give that customer a certain degree of pricing leverage against us when negotiating contracts and terms of service. 

In addition, a number of factors other than our performance could cause the loss of or reduction in business or revenues from a customer, and these factors are not predictable. For example, a customer may decide to reduce spending on technology services or sourcing from us due to a challenging economic environment or other factors, both internal and external, relating to its business, may be involved in a litigation or may wind up. Further, factors which are not in our or our customers’ control such as the socio-political situation in a particular country or the outbreak of a contagious disease may also impact our business adversely. These factors, among others, may include customers pursuing a corporate restructuring, facing pricing pressure, changing outsourcing strategy, switching to another IT services provider or returning work in-house. 

The loss of any of our major customers, or a significant decrease in the volume of work they outsource to us or the price at which we sell our services to them, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_8. We do not have long-term commitments with our customers, and our customers may terminate contracts before completion, negotiate adverse terms of the contract or choose not to renew contracts, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our customers generally do not have any long-term commitments with us. The term of the agreements we enter into with our customers typically range from one to five years or in some cases, until such agreements are terminated or as long as there are subsisting statements of works or purchase orders with the customer. A substantial portion of our revenues is generated from repeat business, which we define as revenues from a customer who also contributed to our revenues during the prior Fiscal. In Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, our repeat customers contributed 92.7%, 92.8% and 81.7%, respectively, of our revenue from contracts with customers. However, our engagements with our customers are typically for projects that are singular in nature. In addition, our customers can terminate many of our master services agreements and work orders with or without cause, and in most cases without any cancellation charge. Therefore, we must seek to obtain new engagements when our current engagements are successfully completed or are terminated as well as maintain relationships with existing customers and secure new customers to expand our business. 

Our customers can terminate many of our master services agreements and work orders with or without cause, in some cases. Agreements may be terminated without a cause subject to a prior written notice which typically ranges from 7 to 180 days. In addition, large and complex projects may involve multiple engagements or stages, and a customer may choose not to retain us for additional stages or may cancel or delay additional planned engagements. 

Several factors other than our performance could cause the loss of or reduction in revenues from a customer. For further details, please also see “ _Risk Factors_ - “ _We generate a significant portion of our revenues from a small number of customers, and any loss or reduction of business from these customers could reduce our revenues and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations_ ” on page 31. Even if we successfully deliver on contracted services and maintain close relationships with our customers, a number of factors outside of our control could cause the loss of or reduction in business or revenue from our existing customers. These factors include, among other things: 

- the business or financial condition of that customer or the economy generally; 

- a change in strategic priorities by that customer, resulting in a reduced level of spending on technology services; 

- replacement by our customers of existing software with packaged software supported by licensors; 

- changes in the personnel at our customers who are responsible for procurement of information technology, or IT, services or with whom we primarily interact; 

- a demand for price reductions by that customer; 

- mergers, acquisitions or significant corporate restructurings involving that customer; and 

- a decision by that customer to move work in-house or to one or several of our competitors. 

The loss or diminution in business from any of our major customers could have a material adverse effect on our revenue from operations and results of operations. We may not be able to renew our contracts on favourable terms, 

32 

or to replace any customer that elects to terminate or not renew its contract with us, which could materially adversely affect our revenue and thus our results of operations. Further, terminations or delays in engagements may make it difficult to plan our project resource requirements. 

**_9. We operate in a rapidly evolving industry, which makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and may increase the risk that we will not continue to be successful. If we are not successful, it could materially adversely affect our business, reputation and cash flows._** 

The technology services industry is competitive and continuously evolving, subject to rapidly changing demands and constant technological developments. As a result, success and performance metrics are difficult to predict and measure in our industry. Because services and technologies are rapidly evolving and each company within the industry can vary greatly in terms of the services it provides, its business model, and its results of operations, it can be difficult to predict how any company’s services, including ours, will be received in the market. While businesses have been incurring significant expenditure in the past to adopt emerging technologies and related technological trends, there can be no assurance that they will continue to do so in the future. 

Our revenues, operating results and profitability have varied in the past and are likely to vary in the future. Factors that are likely to cause these variations include: 

- the number, timing, scope and contractual terms of IT projects in which we are engaged; 

- delays in project commencement or staffing delays due to difficulty in assigning appropriately skilled or experienced IT professionals; 

- the accuracy of estimates of resources, time and fees required to complete fixed-price projects and costs incurred in the performance of each project; 

- changes in pricing in response to customer demand and competitive pressures; 

- changes in the allocation of onsite and offshore staffing; 

- the business decisions of our customers regarding the use of our services; 

- the ability to further grow revenues from existing customers; 

- the available leadership and senior technical resources compared to junior engineering resources staffed on each project; 

- seasonal trends, primarily our hiring cycle and the budget and work cycles of our customers; 

- • delays or difficulties in expanding our operational facilities or infrastructure; 

- the ratio of fixed-price contracts to time-and-materials contracts in process; 

- employee wage levels and increases in compensation costs, including timing of promotions and annual pay increases; 

- unexpected changes in the utilisation rate of our IT professionals; 

- unanticipated contract or project terminations; 

- the timing of collection of accounts receivable; 

- the continuing financial stability of our customers; and 

- general economic conditions 

Our future profits may vary substantially from those of other companies and those we have achieved in the past. One or any combination of the above factors may cause our customers’ demand for our services to decline as a result of which our business may suffer and our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_10. If we fail to integrate or manage acquired companies or businesses efficiently, or if the acquired companies or businesses are difficult to integrate, divert management resources or do not perform to our expectations, we may not be able to realise the benefits envisioned for such acquisitions, and our overall profitability and growth plans could be materially adversely affected._** 

In the past, we have expanded our service capabilities and gained new customers through selective acquisitions. In 2017, we completed the acquisition of Cupola Technologies Private Limited and OSS Cube LLC. For details in relation to these acquisitions, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters – Details regarding material acquisition/divestments of business/undertakings, mergers and amalgamation_ ” on page 175. In the future, we may acquire additional businesses that we believe could complement or expand our business. Integrating the operations of acquired businesses successfully or otherwise realising any of the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, including anticipated cost savings and additional revenue opportunities, involves a number of potential challenges. These 

33 

integration activities are complex and time-consuming, and we may encounter unexpected difficulties or incur unexpected costs, including: 

- our inability to achieve the operating synergies anticipated in the acquisitions; 

- diversion of management attention from on-going business concerns to integration matters; 

- consolidating and rationalising IT platforms and administrative infrastructures; 

- complexities associated with managing the geographic separation of the combined businesses and consolidating multiple physical locations; 

- integrating personnel from different corporate cultures while maintaining focus on providing consistent, high quality service; 

- demonstrating to our customers and to customers of acquired businesses that the acquisition will not result in adverse changes in customer service standards or business focus; 

- possible cash flow interruption or loss of revenue as a result of transitional matters; 

- unforeseen or undisclosed liabilities and integration costs; 

- incurring liabilities from the acquired businesses for infringement of intellectual property rights or other claims for which we may not be successful in seeking indemnification; 

- incurring debt, amortisation expenses related to intangible assets, large and immediate write-offs, or issuing common stock that would dilute our existing stockholders’ ownership; 

- generating sufficient revenues and net income to offset acquisition costs; 

- potential loss of, or harm to, employee or customer relationships; 

- properly structuring our acquisition consideration and any related post-acquisition earn-outs and successfully monitoring any earn-out calculations and payments; 

- failing to realise the potential cost savings or other financial benefits and/or the strategic benefits of the acquisition; 

- retaining key senior management and key sales and marketing and research and development personnel, particularly those of the acquired operations; 

- integrating and documenting processes and controls; and 

- entry into unfamiliar markets; 

Acquired businesses may have liabilities or adverse operating issues that we may have failed to discover through due diligence prior to the acquisition. In particular, to the extent that prior owners of any acquired businesses or properties failed to comply with or otherwise violated applicable laws or regulations, or failed to fulfil their contractual obligations to customers, we, as the successor owner, may be financially responsible for these violations and failures and may suffer financial or reputational harm or otherwise be adversely affected. Further, we have in the past sought damages due to breach of contract and guarantee against the sellers of our Erstwhile Subsidiary. While we have executed a settlement agreement with sa id sellers and have received the final settlement amount, we cannot assure that we might not face similar breach of contract and guarantee in our future acquisitions. Similarly, our acquisition targets may not have as robust internal controls over financia l reporting as would be expected of a public company. Acquisitions also frequently result in the recording of goodwill and other intangible assets which are subject to potential impairment in the future that could harm our financial results. We may also become subject to new regulations as a result of an acquisition, including if we acquire a business serving customers in a regulated industry or acquire a business with customers or operations in a country in which we do not already operate. 

As a result, if we fail to properly evaluate acquisitions or investments, we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of any such acquisitions, and we may incur costs in excess of what we anticipate. The failure to successfully integrate the operations or otherwise to realise any of the anticipated benefits of the acquisition could seriously harm our results of operations. 

**_11. Our profitability will suffer if we are not able to maintain our resource utilisation levels and productivity levels._** 

Our profitability is significantly impacted by our utilisation levels of fixed-cost resources, including human resources as well as other resources such as computers and office space, and our ability to increase our productivity levels. We have expanded our operations significantly in recent years through organic growth and strategic acquisitions, which has resulted in a significant increase in our headcount and fixed overhead costs. 

Some of our IT professionals are specially trained to work for specific customers or on specific projects. Our ability to manage our utilisation levels depends significantly on our ability to hire and train high-performing IT professionals and to staff projects appropriately and on the general economy and its effect on our customers and 

34 

their business decisions regarding the use of our services. If we experience a slowdown or stoppage of work for any customer or on any project for which we have dedicated IT professionals or facilities, we may not be able to efficiently reallocate these IT professionals and facilities to other customers and projects to keep their utilisation and productivity levels high. If we are not able to maintain high resource utilisation levels without corresponding cost reductions or price increases, our profitability will suffer, as occurred in Fiscal 2018. In the event of a slowdown due to external factors, or if the number of our customers reduce, we may be over-staffed and required to carry excess employee-related expenses which could affect our financial condition. 

Our profitability and the cost of providing our services are affected by the utilisation rates of our employees in our delivery locations. If we are not able to maintain appropriate utilisation rates for our employees involved in delivery of our services, our profit margin and our profitability may suffer. Our utilisation rates are affected by a number of factors, including: 

- our ability to promptly transition our employees from completed projects to new assignments; 

- our ability to forecast demand for our services and thereby maintain an appropriate number of employees in each of our delivery locations; 

- our ability to deploy employees with appropriate skills and seniority to projects; 

- our ability to manage the attrition of our employees and to hire and integrate new employees; and 

- our need to devote time and resources to training, professional development and other activities that cannot be billed to our customers. 

Further, certain of our master services agreements with our customers specify that our IT professionals who have worked on their project cannot work on a competitor’s project for a certain period of time which could typically range from three months to two years post the completion of the project and/or give our customers the right to hire our IT professionals working on their project. These limitations may impact our staffing ability. For further details, please see “ _Risk Factors_ - _Our ability to expand our business and procure new contracts or enter into beneficial business arrangements could be affected by non-competition clauses in our agreements with existing customers_ ” on page 47. 

Employee shortages could prevent us from completing our contractual commitments in a timely manner, taking up new contracts and cause us to lose contracts or customers. Further, to the extent that we lack sufficient employees with lower levels of seniority and daily or hourly rates, we may be required to deploy more senior employees with higher rates on projects without the ability to pass such higher rates to our customers, which could adversely affect our profit margin and profitability. 

**_12. If we are unable to collect our receivables from, or bill our unbilled services to, our customers, our results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected._** 

Our business depends on our ability to successfully obtain payment from our customers of the amounts they owe us for work performed. We usually bill and collect on relatively short cycles. As per our master service agreements, our payment terms are 30 to 90 days from the date when the customer receives the invoice. Our average debtor cycle was 60 days, 80 days and 74 days in Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 

We maintain allowances against receivables and unbilled services. Actual losses on customer balances could differ from those that we currently anticipate and, as a result, we might need to adjust our allowances. There is no guarantee that we will accurately assess the creditworthiness of our customers. Weak macroeconomic conditions and related turmoil in the global financial system could also result in financial difficulties, including limited access to the credit markets, insolvency, or bankruptcy for our customers, and, as a result, could cause customers to delay payments to us, request modifications to their payment arrangements that could increase our receivables balance, or default on their payment obligations to us. Timely collection of customer balances also depends on our ability to complete our contractual commitments and bill and collect our contracted revenues. If we are unable to meet our contractual requirements, we might experience delays in collection of and/or be unable to collect our customer balances, and if this occurs, our results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. Moreover, in the event of delays in payment from our governmental and quasi-governmental customers, we may have difficulty collecting on receivables owed. In addition, if we experience an increase in the time to bill and collect for our services, our cash flows could be adversely affected. 

35 

**_13. We face strong competition from onshore and offshore IT services companies, and increased competition, our inability to compete successfully against competitors, pricing pressures or loss of market share could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

The market for IT services that we operate in is highly competitive, and we expect competition to persist and intensify. We believe that the principal competitive factors in our markets are reputation and track record, industry expertise, breadth and depth of service offerings, quality of the services offered, language, marketing and selling skills, scalability of infrastructure, ability to address customers’ timing requirements and price. 

We face competition from offshore IT services providers in emerging outsourcing destinations with low wage costs or with a more favourable time zone for US customers as well as competition from large, global consulting and outsourcing firms and in-house IT departments of large corporations. Customers tend to engage multiple IT services providers instead of using an exclusive IT services provider, which could reduce our revenues to the extent that customers obtain services from other competing IT services providers. Customers may prefer IT services providers that have more locations or that are based in countries more cost-competitive or in a more favourable time zone than India. 

Our ability to compete successfully also depends in part on a number of factors beyond our control, including the ability of our competitors to recruit and retain highly-skilled IT professionals, the price at which our competitors offer comparable services and our competitors’ responsiveness to customer needs. Some of our present and potential competitors may have substantially greater financial, marketing or technical resources. If our competitors develop and implement methodologies that yield greater efficiency and productivity, they may be able to offer similar services at lower prices than we do without adversely affecting their profit margins. Our current and potential competitors may also be able to respond more quickly to new technologies or processes and changes in customer demands; may be able to devote greater resources towards the development, promotion and sale of their services than we can; and may also make strategic acquisitions or establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties that increase their ability to address the needs of our customers. Buying patterns may change if customers become more price sensitive and accepting of low-cost suppliers. Therefore, we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain our customers while competing against such competitors. Increased competition, our inability to compete successfully, pricing pressures or loss of market share could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_14. We incorporate third-party open source software into our customer deliverables and our failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses could adversely impact our customers and create potential liability on us._** 

Our customer deliverables may contain software licensed by third parties under so-called “open source” licenses. From time to time, there have been claims against companies including our Company that distribute or use open source software in their products and services, asserting that such open source software infringes the claimants’ intellectual property rights. Our customers could be subject to suits by third parties claiming that what we believ e to be licensed open source software infringes such third parties’ intellectual property rights, and we are generally required to contractually indemnify our customers against such claims. Certain customers require us to obtain their consent before we use open source software in the services we provide them and there can be no assurance that such consents will be forthcoming. 

Use of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. In addition, certain open source licenses require that source code for software programs that are subject to the license be made available to the public and that any modifications or derivative works to such open source software continue to be licensed under the same terms. 

Although we monitor our use of open source software in an effort both to comply with the terms of the applicable open source licenses and to avoid subjecting our customer deliverables to conditions we do not intend, the terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by courts in relevant jurisdictions, and there is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a way that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our customers’ ability to use the software that we develop for them and operate their businesses as they intend. The terms of certain open source licenses may require us or our customers to release the source code of the software we develop for our customers and to make such software available under the applicable open source licenses. In the event that portions of customer deliverables are determined to be subject to an open source license, we or our 

36 

customers could be required to publicly release the affected portions of source code or re-engineer all, or a portion of, the applicable software. Disclosing our proprietary source code could allow our customers’ competitors to create similar products with lower development effort and time and ultimately could result in a loss of sales for our customers. Any of these events could create liability for us to our customers and damage our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenue, business, results of operations and financial condition and the market price of our Equity Shares. 

**_15. We rely on certain third-party software to conduct our business. We may face intellectual property infringement claims that could be time-consuming and costly to defend. If we fail to defend ourselves against such claims, we may lose significant intellectual property rights and may be unable to continue providing our existing services._** 

Our success largely depends on our ability to use and develop our technology, tools, code, methodologies and services without infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties, including patents, copyrights, trade secrets and trademarks. We may be subject to litigation involving claims of patent infringement or violation of other intellectual property rights of third parties. We typically indemnify customers who purchase our services and solutions against potential infringement of intellectual property rights, which subjects us to the risk of indemnification claims. These claims may require us to initiate or defend protracted and costly litigation on behalf of our customers, regardless of the merits of these claims and are often not subject to liability limits or exclusion of consequential, indirect or punitive damages. If any of these claims succeed, we may be forced to pay damages on behalf of our customers, redesign or cease offering our infringing services or solutions, or obtain licenses for the intellectual property such services or solutions infringe. If we cannot obtain all necessary licenses on commercially reasonable terms, our customers may be forced to stop using our services or solutions. 

The holders of patents and other intellectual property rights potentially relevant to our service offerings may make it difficult for us to acquire a license on commercially acceptable terms or at all, which could have a material adverse impact on our ability to deliver the relevant service offerings and hence on our business. Also, we may be unaware of intellectual property registrations or applications relating to our services that may give rise to potential infringement claims against us. There may also be technologies licensed to and relied on by us that are subject to infringement or other corresponding allegations or claims by third parties which may damage our ability to rely on such technologies. 

Further, our current and former employees and/or subcontractors could challenge our exclusive rights in the software they have developed in the course of their employment. In India, an employer is deemed to own the copyright in works created by its employees during the course, and within the scope, of their employment, but the employer may be required to satisfy additional legal requirements in order to make further use and dispose of such works. While we believe that we have complied with all such requirements, and have fulfilled all requirements necessary to acquire all rights in software developed by our independent contractors and/or subcontractors, these requirements are often ambiguously defined and enforced. As a result, we cannot assure that we would be successful in defending against any claim by our current or former employees, independent contractors and/or subcontractors challenging our exclusive rights over the use and transfer of works those employees, independent contractors and/or subcontractors created or requesting additional compensation for such works. In addition, our master service agreements provide that intellectual property arising out of the services we provide generally belongs to the customer and that we would be liable to such customer if any of our employees or contractors were to infringe such customer intellectual property. 

We are subject to additional risks as a result of our recent and possible future acquisitions and the hiring of new employees who may misappropriate intellectual property from their former employers. The developers of the technology that we have acquired or may acquire may not have appropriately crea ted, maintained or enforced intellectual property rights in such technology. Indemnification and other rights under acquisition documents may be limited in term and scope and may therefore provide little or no protection from these risks. Parties making infringement claims may be able to obtain an injunction to prevent us from delivering our services or using technology involving the allegedly infringing intellectual property. Intellectual property litigation is expensive and time-consuming and could divert management’s attention from our business. A successful infringement claim against us, whether with or without merit, could, among others things, require us to pay substantial damages, develop non-infringing technology, or rebrand our name or enter into royalty or license agreements that may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all, and would require us to cease making, licensing or using products that have infringed a third party’s intellectual property rights. Protracted litigation could also result in existing or potential customers deferring or limiting their purchase or use of our software product development services or solutions until resolution of such litigation, or could require us to indemnify our customers against infringement 

37 

claims in certain instances. Any intellectual property claim or litigation in this area, whether we ultimately win or lose, could damage our reputation and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_16. We use third-party software, hardware and Software-As-A-Service (SaaS), technologies from third parties that may be difficult to replace or that may cause errors or defects in, or failures of, the services or solutions we provide._** 

We rely on software and hardware from various third parties to deliver our services and solutions, as well as hosted SaaS applications from third parties. If any of these software, hardware or SaaS applications become unavailable due to extended outages, interruptions or because they are no longer available on commercially reasonable terms, it could result in delays in the provisioning of our services until equivalent technology is either developed by us, or, if available, is identified, obtained and integrated, which could increase our expenses or otherwise harm our business. Further, the third-party service providers may face closure, financial difficulty or be involved in major litigation, which may affect our access to their software and technologies. If we lose the licenses which permit us to use such software, they may be difficult to replace and it may be costly to do so. In addition, any errors or defects in or failures of this third-party software, hardware or SaaS applications could result in errors or defects in or failures of our services and solutions, which could harm our business and be costly to correct. Further, we are liable to our customers for any loss faced by them due to our use of these third party software and technologies. Many of these providers attempt to impose limitations on their liability for such errors, defects or failures, and if enforceable, we may have additional liability to our customers or third-party providers that could harm our reputation and increase our operating costs. 

**_17. If we incur serious uninsured loss that significantly exceeds the limit of our insurance policies, it would have an adverse effect on our financial conditions, results of operation and cash flows._** 

We maintain customary insurance policies for our business premises, including buildings and equipm ent, consequential damages such as loss of profit, workers’ compensation insurance, professional liability insurance and commercial general liability insurance. In addition, we also maintain insurance policies covering directors’ and officers’ liability. For further details, please see “ _Our Business – Insurance_ ” on page 164. 

While we believe that the insurance coverage which we maintain would be reasonably adequate to cover the normal risks associated with the operation of our business, we cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. We are also required to maintain certain insurance policies under our customer agreements, such as workers’ compensation, professional liability insurance and commercial liability insurance under our customer agreements. Our insurance policies may not provide adequate coverage in certain circumstances and are subject to certain deductibles, exclusions and limits on coverage. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, and which is not covered by insurance or exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_18. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to successfully manage or accurately report our financial risk._** 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to prepare reliable financial reports and effectively avoid fraud. Moreover, any internal controls that we may implement, or our level of compliance with such controls, may deteriorate over time, due to evolving business conditions. If internal control weaknesses are identified, our actions may not be sufficient to correct such internal control weakness. There can be no assurance that additional deficiencies in our internal controls will not arise in the future, or that we will be able to implement and continue to maintain adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls. Such instances may also adversely affect our reputation, thereby adversely impacting our business, results of operations and financial condition 

38 

**_19. Our business depends on a strong brand and corporate reputation and if we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand, our ability to grow our business and our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected._** 

Since many of our specific customer engagements involve highly tailored solutions, our corporate reputation is a significant factor in our customers’ and prospective customers’ determination of whether to continue engaging us or hire us for prospective services. We believe that our brand name and reputation are important corporate assets that help distinguish our services from those of our competitors and also contribute to our efforts to recruit and retain talented IT professionals. However, our corporate reputation is susceptible to damage by various factors such as actions or statements made by current or former employees or customers, competitors, vendors and adversaries in legal proceedings, as well as members of the investment community and the media. There is a risk that negative information about our company, even if based on false rumours or misunderstandings, could adversely affect our business. Any negative news affecting us might also affect our reputation and brand value. In particular, damage to our reputation could be difficult and time-consuming to repair, especially due to the competitiveness in our industry, which could make potential or existing customers reluctant to select us for new engagements, resulting in a loss of business, and could adversely affect our employee recruitment and retention efforts. Damage to our reputation could also reduce the value and effectiveness of our brand name, could reduce investor confidence in us, affect the price of our Equity Shares and adversely affect our ability to grow our business and our results of operations and financial condition. 

**_20. Undetected software design defects, errors or failures may result in loss of or delay in market acceptance of our services or in liabilities that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our software development solutions involve a high degree of technological complexity and have unique specifications which could contain design defects or software errors such as errors in coding or configuration that are difficult to detect and correct. Errors or defects may result in the loss of current customers and loss of, or delay in, revenues, loss of market share, loss of customer data, a failure to attract new customers or achieve market acceptance, diversion of development resources and increased support or service costs. We cannot assure you that, despite testing by us and our customers, errors will not be found in new software product development solutions, which could result in litigation and other claims for damages against us and thus could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_21. We, our Directors and our Promoter are involved in certain legal proceedings, any adverse developments related to which could adversely affect our reputation, business and cash flows._** 

There are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company, our Directors and our Promoter. These proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and appellate tribunals. We cannot assure you that these proceedings will be decided in our favour. Brief details of material outstanding litigation that have been initiated by and against our Company, our Directors, and our Promoter, as applicable, are set forth below: 

## **_Litigation against our Company_** 

|**Type of proceeding**|**Number of cases**|**Amount, to the extent quantifiable**<br>**(in ₹ million)**|
|---|---|---|
|Criminal cases|NIL|-|
|Material civil cases|1|37.7|
|Taxation matters|NIL|-|
|Actions by regulatory and statutory<br>authorities|NIL|-|



## **_Litigation by our Company_** 

|**Type of proceeding**|**Number of cases**|**Amount involved, to the extent**<br>**quantifiable**<br>**(in ₹ million)**|
|---|---|---|
|Criminal cases|NIL|-|
|Material civil cases|1|Notquantifiable|
|Compoundingapplications|2|Notquantifiable|
|Taxation matters|NIL|-|



39 

## **_Litigation against our Promoter_** 

|**Type of proceeding**|**Number of cases**|**Amount, to the extent quantifiable**<br>**(in ₹ million)**|
|---|---|---|
|Criminal cases|NIL|-|
|Material civil cases|NIL|-|
|Taxation matters|NIL|-|
|Actions by regulatory and statutory<br>authorities|NIL|-|
|Disciplinary actions in the last five<br>years|NIL|-|



## **_Litigation by our Promoter_** 

|**Type of proceeding**|**Number of cases**|**Amount, to the extent quantifiable**<br>**(in ₹ million)**|
|---|---|---|
|Criminal cases|NIL|-|
|Material civil cases|NIL|-|
|Taxation matters|NIL|-|



## **_Litigation against our Directors_** 

|**Type of proceeding**|**Number of cases**|**Amount, to the extent quantifiable**<br>**(in ₹ million)**|
|---|---|---|
|Criminal cases|NIL|-|
|Material civil cases|1|231.9|
|Taxation matters|NIL|-|
|Actions by regulatory and statutory<br>authorities|NIL|-|



## **_Litigation by our Directors_** 

|**Type of proceeding**|**Number of cases**|**Amount, to the extent quantifiable**<br>**(in ₹ million)**|
|---|---|---|
|Criminal cases|NIL|-|
|Material civil cases|NIL|-|
|Taxation matters|NIL|-|



The amounts claimed in these proceedings have been disclosed to the extent ascertainable and include amounts claimed jointly and severally. If any new developments arise, such as a change in Indian law or rulings against us by appellate courts or tribunals, we may need to make provisions that could increase our expenses and current liabilities. Further, such legal proceedings could divert our management’s time and attention and cause us to incur expenses. Any adverse decision in any of these proceedings may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

For further information, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 341. 

**_22. Failure to perform or observe any contractual obligations could result in cancellation or non-renewal of a contract, which could cause us to experience a higher than expected number of unassigned employees and an increase in our expenses as a percentage of revenues, until we are able to reduce or reallocate our headcount and may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The ability of our customers to terminate agreements makes our future revenues from operations uncertain. We may not be able to honour certain contractual obligations, which could lead to termination of agreements and further, we may not be able to replace any customer that elects to terminate or not renew its contract with us, or renew a contract with us on unfavourable terms, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

For example, some of our customer agreements require us to maintain insurances including workers’ compensation insurance, professional liability insurance and commercial general liability insurance throughout the term of such agreements, in addition to maintaining testing facilities and round-the-clock IT infrastructure support. Some of our customer contracts also require us to have non-solicitation and limited exclusivity 

40 

arrangements. In addition, some of our customer agreements specify that if a change of control of our company occurs during the term of the agreement, the customer has the right to terminate the agreement. If we fa il to comply with such contractual obligations in the future, our customers may terminate agreements with us. If any future event triggers any change of control provision in our customer contracts, these master services agreements may be terminated, which would result in loss of business and revenues. 

**_23. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, a long selling and implementation cycle with respect to certain projects that require us to make significant resource commitments prior to realising revenue for our services._** 

We have experienced, and may in the future experience, a long selling cycle with respect to certain projects that require significant investment of human resources and time by both our customers and us. Before committin g to use our services, potential customers may require us to expend substantial time and resources educating them on the value of our services and our ability to meet their requirements. Therefore, our selling cycle is subject to many risks and delays over which we have little or no control, including our customers’ decision to choose alternatives to our services (such as other technology and IT service providers or in-house resources) and the timing of our customers’ budget cycles and approval processes. If our sales cycle unexpectedly lengthens for one or more projects, it would negatively affect the timing of our revenue and hinder our revenue growth. For certain customers, we may begin work and incur costs prior to executing the contract. A delay in our ability to obtain a signed agreement or other persuasive evidence of an arrangement, or to complete certain contract requirements in a particular quarter, could reduce our revenue in that quarter or render us entirely unable to collect payment for work already performed. For more information, please see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Significant Factors Affecting Results of our Operations_ ” on page 304. 

Implementing our services also involves a significant commitment of resources over an extended period of time from both our customers and us. Our customers may experience delays in obtaining internal approvals or delays associated with technology, thereby further delaying the implementation process. Our current and future customers may not be willing or able to invest the time and resources necessary to implement our services, and we may fail to close sales with potential customers to whom we have devoted significant time and resources. Any significant failure to generate revenue or delays in recognising revenue after incurring costs related to our sales or services process could materially adversely affect our business. 

**_24. Our revenues are highly dependent on a limited number of industry verticals, and any decrease in demand for outsourced services in these industry verticals could reduce our revenues and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

A substantial portion of our customers are concentrated in a few specific industry verticals: Edu Tech, HiTech, Retail, TME and BFSI. In Fiscals 2019 and 2020, over 80% of our revenue from contract with customers came from our customers in these verticals alone. Our business growth largely depends on continued demand for our services from customers in these industry verticals. 

A downturn in any of our targeted industry verticals, a slowdown or reversal of the trend to outsource IT services in any of these industries or the introduction of regulations that restrict or discourage companies from outsourcing could result in a decrease in the demand for our services and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, significant consolidation in the banking and financial in dustries may reduce the demand for our services and negatively affect our revenues and profitability. 

Other developments in these industries may also lead to a decline in the demand for our services in these industry verticals, and we may not be able to successfully. For example, consolidation in any of these industries or acquisitions may decrease the potential number of buyers of our services. External risks such as global pandemics could also adversely affect the industry verticals that we operate in. For instance, some of us our customers have requested for extended payment terms due to the outbreak of Novel Coronavirus. For further details, please see “ _Risk Factors_ - _The outbreak of Novel Coronavirus, or outbreak of any other severe communicable disease could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations_ ” on page 52. Further, our customers may experience rapid changes in their prospects, substantial price competition and pressure on their profitability. This, in turn, may result in increasing pressure on us from customers in these key industries to lower our prices, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

41 

**_25. Our business, results of operations and financial condition could be negatively affected if we incur legal liability, including with respect to our indemnification obligations, in connection with providing our solutions and services._** 

If we fail to meet our contractual obligations or otherwise breach obligations to our customers, we could be subject to legal liability. We may enter into non-standard agreements because we perceive an important economic opportunity or because our personnel did not adequately adhere to our guidelines. In addition, the co ntracting practices of our competitors may cause contract terms and conditions that are unfavourable to us to become standard in the marketplace. If we cannot or do not perform our obligations, we could face legal liability and our contracts might not always protect us adequately through limitations on the scope and/or amount of our potential liability. If we cannot, or do not, meet our contractual obligations to provide solutions and services, and if our exposure is not adequately limited through the terms of our agreements, we might face significant legal liability and our business could be materially adversely affected. 

In the normal course of business, we have entered into contractual arrangements through which we may be obligated to indemnify customers or other parties with whom we conduct business with respect to certain matters. These arrangements can include provisions whereby we agree to defend and hold the indemnified party and certain of their affiliates harmless with respect to claims related to matters including our breach of certain representations, warranties or covenants made by us, or out of our intellectual property infringement, our gross negligence or wilful misconduct, and certain other claims. Payments by us under any of these arrangements are generally conditioned on the customer making a claim and providing us with full control over the defence and settlement of such claim. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount under these indemnification agreements due to the unique facts and circumstances involved in an agreement, and any claims under these agreements may not be subject to liability limits or exclusion of consequential, indirect or punitive damages. Historically, we have not made payments under these indemnification agreements. However, if events arise requiring us to make payment for indemnification claims under our indemnification obligations in contracts we have entered, such payments could have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_26. We may not be able to prevent unauthorised use of our proprietary tools and other information and our intellectual property rights may not be adequate to protect our business and competitive position._** 

We rely on trademarks, confidentiality agreements and other methods to protect our technical know-how and intellectual property rights. As of June 30, 2020, we had registered intellectual property consisting of six trademarks registered in India, four trademarks registered in the European Union, five trademarks registered in Singapore, one trademark registered in the United Kingdom, five trademarks registered in the United States and 10 active domain names. For more information, please see “ _Our Business- Intellectual Property Rights_ ” on page 164. Implementation of intellectual property-related laws in India has historically been time consuming, primarily because of ambiguities in the laws and difficulties in enforcement, which in turn makes the entire process expensive. Accordingly, protection of intellectual property rights and confidentiality in India may not be as effective as that in the United States or other countries. 

To protect our and our customers’ proprietary information and other intellectual property, we require our employees, independent contractors, vendors and customers to enter into written agreements with us which include confidentiality obligations. These agreements may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorised use, misappropriation or disclosure of such trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information. Policing unauthorised use of proprietary technology is difficult and expensive. The steps we have taken may be inadequate to prevent the misappropriation of our and our customers’ proprietary technology. Reverse engineering, unauthorised copying or other misappropriation of our and our customers’ proprietary technologies, tools and applications could enable third parties to benefit from our or our customers’ technologies, tools and applications without paying us, and our customers may hold us liable for that act and seek damages and compensation from us, which could harm our business, financial condition and competitive position. 

We rely on our trademarks and brand names to distinguish our services and solutions from the services of our competitors. We have made applications to register our trademarks and as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we had one application each pending in Europe, Singapore and the United States. We cannot assure you that our trademark applications will be approved. Third parties may have objections to our trademark applications, or otherwise challenge our use of our trademarks. For more information, please see “ _Government and other Approvals_ ” on page 346. In the event that our trademarks are successfully challenged, we could be forced to rebrand our services and solutions, which could result in loss of brand recognition, and could require us 

42 

to devote resources to advertising and marketing new brands. Further, we cannot assure you that competitors will not infringe our trademarks, or that we will have adequate resources to enforce our trademarks. 

**_27. Failure or delays in obtaining third party certifications and accreditations may cause delays in our delivery schedules and disruptions in our business which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We are required to obtain several third party certifications and accreditations in relation to our products and services. Depending on the product and requirements of our customers, we may need to obtain specific certifications from a particular agency which may not be forthcoming in a timely manner or at all. As a result, we may experience delays and disruptions in our products and services capability which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_28. We are subject to laws and regulations in the United States and other countries in which we operate concerning our operations, including export restrictions, U.S. economic sanctions and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, and similar anti-bribery laws. If we are not in compliance with applicable legal requirements, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties and other remedial measures, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our operations are subject to laws and regulations restricting our operations, including activities involving restricted countries, organisations, entities and persons that have been identified as unlawful actors or that are subject to U.S. sanctions imposed by the Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC, or other international economic sanctions that prohibit us from engaging in trade or financial transactions with certain countries, businesses, organisations and individuals. We are subject to the FCPA, which prohibits U.S. companies and their intermediaries from bribing foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business or otherwise obtaining favourable treatment, and other laws concerning our international operations. The FCPA’s foreign counterparts contain similar prohibitions, although varying in both scope and jurisdiction. We operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree, and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. 

While we have not developed and implemented formal controls and procedures to ensure that we are in compliance with the FCPA, OFAC sanctions, and similar sanctions, laws and regulations, we have not discovered any noncompliance so far. However, there can be no assurance that we will not discover any issues or violations with respect to the foregoing by us or our employees, independent contractors, subcontractors or agents of which we were previously unaware. 

Any violations of these laws, regulations and procedures by our employees, independent contractors, subcontractors and agents could expose us to administrative, civil or criminal penalties, fines or restrictions on export activities (including other U.S. laws and regulations as well as foreign and local laws) and would adversely affect our reputation and the market for shares of our common stock and may require certain of our investors to disclose their investment in our company under certain state laws. If we are not in compliance with export restrictions, U.S. or international economic sanctions or other laws and regulations that apply to our operations, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties and other remedial measures, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_29. Anti-outsourcing legislation, if adopted in the countries where our customers are based, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and impair our ability to service our customers._** 

The issue of companies outsourcing services to organisations operating in other countries is a topic of political discussion in many countries, including the United States, which is our largest source of revenue from contracts with customers. Many organisations and public figures in the United States and Europe have publicly expressed concern about a perceived association between offshore outsourcing IT services providers and the loss of jobs in their home countries. For example, measures aimed at limiting or restricting outsourcing by U.S. companies are periodically considered in Congress and in numerous state legislatures to address concerns over the perceived association between offshore outsourcing and the loss of jobs in the United Sta tes. A number of U.S. states have passed legislation that restricts state government entities from outsourcing certain work to offshore IT services providers. Given the on-going debate over this issue, the introduction and consideration of other restrictive legislation is possible. If enacted, such measures may broaden restrictions on outsourcing by federal and state 

43 

government agencies and on government contracts with firms that outsource services directly or indirectly, impact private industry with measures such as tax disincentives or intellectual property transfer restrictions, and/or restrict the use of certain business visas. In the event that any of these measures becomes law, our ability to service our customers could be impaired and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

In addition, from time to time, there has been publicity about negative experiences associated with offshore outsourcing, such as theft and misappropriation of sensitive customer data. Current or prospective customers may elect to perform certain services themselves or may be discouraged from transferring services from onshore to offshore IT services providers to avoid negative perceptions that may be associated with using an offshore IT services provider. Any slowdown or reversal of the existing industry trends toward offshore outsourcing would seriously harm our ability to compete effectively with competitors that provide services from within the country in which our customers operate. 

**_30. Restrictions on immigration or work permits may affect our ability to compete for and provide services to customers in the United States or other countries, which could hamper our growth and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We also face risks from our employees’ time at customer facilities in foreign jurisdictions._** 

The vast majority of our employees are Indian nationals. Some of our projects require a portion of the work to be undertaken at our customers’ facilities which may be located outside India. In order for our employees to work in the United States, Europe and other countries outside India they must obtain the necessary visas and work permits. Historically, the process for obtaining visas for Indian nationals to certain countries, including the United States and Europe, has been lengthy and cumbersome. Immigration laws in the United States and in other countries are subject to legislative change, as well as to variations in standards of application and enforcement due to political forces and economic conditions. Recent restrictions on the issuance of employment visas imposed by the United States mean that we are unable to obtain new visas for our employees to work in the United States as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. This could hamper our growth and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Any further changes in existing laws or the enactment of new legislation imposing restrictions on the deployment of work visa holders at customer locations could adversely impact our ability to do business in the jurisdictions in which we have customers. It is difficult to predict the political and economic events that could affect immigration laws (which are subject to continuous change), or the restrictive impact they could have on obtaining or maintaining business visas for our employees. Our reliance on visas for a number of employees makes us vulnerable to such changes and variations and may affect staffing decisions on projects abroad. We may not be able to obtain a sufficient number of visas for our employees or we may encounter delays or additional costs in obtaining or maintaining such visas in which case we may not be able to provide services to our customers on a timely and cost-effective basis or manage our sales and delivery centres as efficiently as we otherwise could. Any of these developments could lead to higher costs or loss of a particular project or cancellation of a new work order thereby materially adversely affecting our business and results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition, we may be subject to taxation in such jurisdictions where we would not otherwise be so subject as a result of the amount of time that our employees spend in any such jurisdiction in any given year. While we seek to monitor the number of days that our employees spend in each country to avoid subjecting ourselves to any such taxation, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in these efforts. 

**_31. Our international sales and operations are subject to many uncertainties and we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations._** 

We may be subject to risks inherently associated with international operations, including risks associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which may cause volatility in our reported income, and risks associated with the application and imposition of protective legislation and regulations relating to import or export or otherwise resulting from foreign policy or the variability of foreign economic conditions. 

We transact business in various currencies other than the Indian rupee and have significant customers abroad, which subject us to currency exchange risks. Any fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may have an asymmetric impact on our profits, results of operations and cash flows and consequently on our business condition and profitability. We have not entered into any hedging arrangements to account for any ad verse changes to the foreign currency exchange rate. As of June 30, 2020, the net foreign currency exposure of our Company, after 

44 

considering the impact of foreign exchange forward contracts, was USD (16.2) million, Euro NIL million, and GBP 0.2 million. 

As we provide IT services to customers throughout the world, we are subject to numerous, and sometimes conflicting, legal rules on matters as diverse as import/export controls, content requirements, trade restrictions, tariffs, taxation, sanctions, government affairs, internal and disclosure control obligations, data privacy and labour relations, particularly in India where we operate. Our systems and operations are located almost entirely in India and laws and regulations that are applicable to us, but not to our competitors, may impede our ability to develop and offer services that compete effectively with those offered by our non-India based competitors and generally available worldwide. For more information in relation laws applicable our Company in India, please see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 166. Violations of these laws or regulations in the conduct of our business could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us or our officers, prohibitions on doing business, damage to our reputation and other unintended consequences such as liability for monetary damages, fines and/or criminal prosecution, unfavourable publicity, restrictions on our ability to process information and allegations by our customers that we have not performed our contractual obligations. Due to the varying degrees of development of the legal systems of the countries in which we operate, local laws might be insufficient to protect our rights. Our failure to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, we have closed some of our international operations in the past. For example, we closed our Singapore branch office in 2018. Additionally, we have wound-up our Erstwhile Subsidiary on June 1, 2020. We cannot assure you that these closures will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Additional risks associated with international operations include difficulties in enforcing intellectual property and/or contractual rights, the burdens of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws, potentially adverse tax consequences, tariffs, quotas and other barriers and potential difficulties in collecting accounts receivable. In addition, we may face competition in other countries from companies that may have more experience with operations in such countries or with international operations. Additionally, such companies may have longstanding or well-established relationships with customers, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage. We may also face difficulties integrating new facilities in different countries into our existing operations, as well as integrating employees that we hire in different countries into our existing corporate culture. There can be no assurance that these and other factors will not impede the success of our international expansion plans, limit our ability to compete effectively in other countries or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_32. If we are not successful in managing increasingly large and complex projects, we may not achieve our financial goals and our results of operations could be materially adversely affected._** 

To successfully market our service offerings and obtain larger and more complex projects, we need to establish close relationships with our customers and develop a thorough understanding of their operations. In addition, we may face a number of challenges managing larger and more complex projects, including: 

- maintaining high-quality control and process execution standards; 

- maintaining planned resource utilisation rates on a consistent basis; 

- maintaining productivity levels and implementing necessary process improvements; 

- ▪ controlling costs; and 

- maintaining close customer contact and high levels of customer satisfaction. 

Our ability to successfully manage large and complex projects depends significantly on the skills of our management personnel and IT professionals, some of whom do not have experience managing large-scale or complex projects. In addition, large and complex projects may involve multiple engagements or stages, and there is a risk that a customer may choose not to retain us for additional stages or may cancel or delay additional planned engagements. Such cancellations or delays may make it difficult to plan our project resource requirements. If we fail to successfully obtain engagements for large and complex projects, we may not achieve our revenue growth and other financial goals. Even if we are successful in obtaining such engagements, a failure by us to effectively manage these large and complex projects could damage our reputation, cause us to lose business, impact our margins and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

45 

**_33. Increases in wages and other employee benefits expense for our IT professionals could prevent us from sustaining our competitive advantage._** 

Wage costs for IT professionals in India are lower than comparable wage costs in more developed countries. However, wage costs in the Indian IT services industry may increase at a faster rate than in the past, which ultimately may make us less competitive unless we are able to increase the efficiency and productivity of our IT professionals as well as the prices we can charge for our services. Increases in wage costs may reduce our profitability. In addition, the issuance of equity-based compensation to our IT professionals would also result in additional dilution to our shareholders. 

# **_34. Our contracts may become unprofitable. This may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We perform our services primarily under time-and-materials contracts (where materials costs consist of travel and out-of-pocket expenses) and in some cases, fixed price contracts or a combination of both. We charge for the services performed by our employees under these contracts at daily or hourly rates that are agreed at the time at which the contract is entered. The rates and other pricing terms negotiated with our customers are highly dependent on our internal forecasts of our operating costs and predictions of increases in those costs influenced by wage inflation and other marketplace factors, as well as the volume of work provided by the customer. Our predictions are based on limited data and could turn out to be inaccurate, resulting in contracts that may not be profitable. Typically, we do not have the ability to increase the rates established at the outset of a customer project, other than on an annual basis which are often subject to caps. Independent of our right to increase our rates on an annual basis, customer expectations regarding the anticipated cost of a project may limit our practical ability to increase our rates for on-going work. 

In addition to our time-and-materials contracts, we undertake some engagements on a fixed-price basis and also provide managed services in certain cases. Revenue from our fixed-price contracts represented 18.4%, 16.8%, 19.0% and 18.8% of our revenue from contracts with customers for the Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020 and the three months period ended June 30, 2020, respectively. Our pricing in fixed-price contracts is highly dependent on our assumptions and forecasts about the costs we expect to incur to complete the related project, which are based on limited data and could turn out to be inaccurate. Any failure by us to accurately estimate the resources, including the skills and seniority of our employees, required to complete a fixed-price contract on time and on budget or meet a service level on a managed service contract, or any unexpected increase in the cost of our employees assigned to the related project, office space or materials could expose us to risks associated with cost overruns and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, any unexpected changes in economic conditions that affect any of the foregoing assumptions and predictions could render contracts that would have been favourable to us when signed unfavourable. 

In addition, a number of our contracts contain pricing terms that condition a portion of the payment of fees by the customer on our ability to meet defined performance goals, service levels and completion schedules set forth in the contracts. Our failure to meet such performance goals, service levels or completion schedules or our failure to meet customer expectations in such contracts may result in less profitable or unprofitable engagements. 

Our profitability and operating results are dependent on the rates we are able to charge for our services. We believe our rates are affected by a number of factors, including: 

- our customers’ perception of our ability to add value through our services; 

- our competitors’ pricing policies; 

- bid practices of customers and their use of third-party advisors; 

- the ability of large customers to exert pricing pressure; 

- employee wage levels and increases in compensation costs; 

- employee utilisation levels; 

- our ability to charge premium prices when justified by market demand or the type of service; and 

- general economic conditions. 

If we are not able to maintain favourable pricing for our services, our profitability could suffer. This may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

46 

**_35. We may not be able to recognise revenues in the period in which our services are performed, which may cause our margins to fluctuate._** 

Our services are performed under both time-and-material and fixed-price contract arrangements, or a combination of both. Revenue is recognised upon transfer of control of products or services to customers to the extent of an amount that reflects the consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for these products or services. 

In instances where final acceptance of the system or solution is specified by the customer, revenues are deferred until all acceptance criteria have been met. Our failure to meet all the acceptance criteria, or otherwise meet a customer’s expectations, may result in our having to record the cost related to the performance of services in the period that services were rendered, but delay the timing of revenue recognition to a future period in which all acceptance criteria have been met. 

**_36. Our ability to expand our business and procure new contracts or enter into beneficial business arrangements could be affected by non-competition clauses in our agreements with existing customers._** 

Some of our agreements with customers contain time-based restrictions on reassigning personnel from those customers’ accounts to the accounts of competitors of such customers. These clauses may restrict our ability to offer services to different customers in a specific industry or market. Moreover, we may in the future enter into agreements with customers that restrict our ability to accept assignments from, or render similar services to, those customers’ customers, require us to obtain our customers’ prior written consent to provide services to their customers or restrict our ability to compete with our customers, or bid for or accept any assignment which our customer is bidding for or is negotiating. These restrictions may hamper our ability to compete for and provide services to other customers in a specific industry in which we have expertise and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_37. Data networks are vulnerable to attacks, unauthorised access and disruptions. Losses or liabilities that are incurred as a result of any of the foregoing could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Data networks are also vulnerable to attacks, unauthorised access and disruptions. For example, in a number of public networks, hackers have bypassed firewalls and misappropriated confidential information, including personally identifiable information. It is possible that, despite existing safeguards, an employee could misappropriate our customers’ proprietary information or data, exposing us to a risk of loss or litigation and possible liability. 

In such cases, if our services cause disruptions to our customers’ businesses or result in us providing inadequate service, our customers may have claims for substantial damages against us, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further details, see “ _Risk Factors_ – _Our business, results of operations and financial condition could be negatively affected if we incur legal liability, including with respect to our indemnification obligations, in connection with providing our solutions and services_ ” on page 42. 

If our IT professionals (including the contract workers we hire) make errors in the course of delivering services to our customers or fail to consistently meet service requirements of a customer, these errors or failures could disrupt the customer’s business, which could result in a reduction in our revenues or a claim for substantial damages against us. In addition, a failure or inability to meet a contractual requirement could seriously damage our reputation and affect our ability to attract new business. 

Our computer networks may be vulnerable to unauthorised access, computer hackers, computer viruses, worms, malicious applications and other security problems caused by unauthorised access to, or improper use of, systems by third parties or employees. Although we have not experienced such attacks in the past other than instances of phishing, malware and virus attacks that we handled effectively, we cannot assure you that our security systems in place can prevent any such attacks in the future or that we will be able to handle such attacks effectively. A hacker who circumvents security measures could misappropriate proprietary information, including personally identifiable information, or cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations. Further, comp uter attacks or disruptions may jeopardise the security of information stored in and transmitted through our computer systems. Actual or perceived concerns that our systems may be vulnerable to such attacks or disruptions may deter our 

47 

customers from using our solutions or services. As a result, we may be required to expend significant resources to protect against the threat of these security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by these breaches. 

The services we provide are often critical to our customers’ businesses. Certain of our customer contracts require us to comply with security obligations including maintaining network security and backup data, ensuring our network is virus-free, maintaining business continuity planning procedures, and verifying the integrity of employees that work with our customers by conducting background checks. Any failure in a customer’s system or breach of security relating to the services we provide to the customer could damage our reputation or result in a claim for substantial damages against us. Any significant failure of our equipment or systems, or any major disruption to basic infrastructure like power and telecommunications in the locations in which we operate, could impede our ability to provide services to our customers, have a negative impact on our reputation, cause us to lose customers, and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Under our contracts with our customers, our liability for breach of our obligations is in some cases limited pursuant to the terms of the contract. Such limitations may be unenforceable or otherwise may not protect us from liability for damages. In addition, certain liabilities, such as claims of third parties for which we may be required to indemnify our customers, are generally not limited under our contracts. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us in amounts greater than those covered by our current insurance policies could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if such assertions against us are unsuccessful, we may incur reputational harm and substantial legal fees. 

**_38. We are required to comply with certain restrictive covenants under our financing agreements. Any non-compliance may lead to, amongst others, accelerated repayment schedule and suspension of further drawdowns, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial conditions._** 

Some of the financing arrangements entered into by us include conditions that require us to obtain respective lenders’ consent prior to carrying out certain activities and entering into certain transactions. Failure to meet these conditions or obtain these consents could have significant consequences on our business and operations. These covenants vary depending on the requirements of the financial institution extending such loan and the conditions negotiated under each financing agreement. 

Some of the corporate actions that require prior consents from certain lenders include, amongst others, altering our capital structure, dilution in shareholding of our Promoter of our Company, effecting any change in the composition of the board of directors of our Company and its management and control, changing the name of the Company including pursuant to the conversion of the Company from a private limited company to a public limited company, and amending constitutional documents. 

A failure to observe the covenants under our financing arrangements or to obtain necessary waivers may lead to the termination of our credit facilities, acceleration of amounts due under such facilities and suspension of further access/ withdrawals, either in whole or in part, for the use of the facility. Pursuant to clauses in certain financing agreements, any defaults under such facilities may also trigger cross default or cross acceleration provisions under our other financing agreements. If the obligations under any of our financing documents are accelerated, we may have to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to make payments under such financing documents, thereby reducing the availability of cash for our long term working capital requirements and other general corporate purposes. In addition, during any period in which we are in default, we may be unable to raise, or face difficulties raising, further financing. 

**_39. There have been certain inadvertent inaccuracies with respect to record keeping, maintenance or delays in making certain regulatory filings by our Company. Any regulatory actions and penalties for any past or future non-compliance may adversely affect our business or reputation, or both._** 

In the past there have been instances of delays in filing of certain forms with the RBI. For instance, there was a delay in filing of Form FC-GPR with the RBI for allotment of equity shares of our Company to certain nonresident employees of our Company due to delay by such non-resident employees in submission of the relevant documents required for such filing. The Company filed a compounding application with the RBI on August 6, 2020, with respect to the aforementioned delay. For details of the compounding application, please see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments – Litigation involving our Company – Compounding and Settlement Applications filed by our Company_ ” on page 342. Owing to the said delay in filing of form FCGPR, there was a consequent delay in filing of related form FC-TRS with the RBI for transfer of Equity Shares 

48 

allotted to certain non-resident employees’ shares to the Happiest Minds Technologies Share Ownership Plans Trust (“ **ESOP Trust** ”), in accordance with the provisions of our Company’s ESOP Schemes. The ESOP Trust also filed a compounding application with the RBI on August 6, 2020, on account of the delay. 

While we have sought to address the irregularities in respect of the aforesaid allotments and transfers involving non-residents by making the necessary representations and filings with the RBI, we cannot assure you that the RBI will condone these irregularities, or not impose any penalty, or that the penalty imposed will be reasonable. 

Further, in the past, there have been certain inadvertent factual inaccuracies in the record keeping in relation certain matters, such as incorrect referencing of ESOP scheme or class of equity shares and noting of approval of amendment to the Memorandum of Association. 

We cannot assure you that such inaccuracies or delays will not happen in the future and that our Company will not be subject to any action, including monetary penalties by statutory authorities on account of any inadvertent discrepancies in, or non-availability of, or delays in filing of, any of its secretarial records and filings, which may adversely affect our reputation. 

**_40. Our Company has made certain allotments of Equity Shares to its employees under its employee stock option schemes where the allotment was made to more than 49 employees_** 

During Fiscal 2013 and Fiscal 2014, our Company made allotments of Equity Shares under the ESOP Scheme 2011 and ESOP Scheme USA, where certain allotments were made to more than 49 employees (the “ **Stated Allotments** ”): 

|**Date of allotment**|**No.**<br>**of**<br>**Equity**<br>**Shares allotted**|**Relevant**<br>**ESOP**<br>**which allotment wa**|**scheme**<br>**s made**|**under**|**No. of employees to whom**<br>**allotment was made**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|April 19, 2012|7,268,750|ESOP Scheme 2011|||151|
||615,000|ESOP Scheme USA|||8|
|October 29,2012|740,000|ESOP Scheme 2011|||99|
|April 25, 2013|1,460,100|ESOP Scheme 2011|||363|
||70,000|ESOP Scheme USA|||2|
|November 7, 2013|826,875|ESOP Scheme 2011|||129|
||1,223,445|ESOP Scheme USA|||2|



In terms of the first proviso to Section 67(3) of the Companies Act, 1956, an offer or invitation for subscription of shares made to more than 49 persons was deemed to be a public offering, requiring compliance with the relevant provisions governing public offerings under applicable law including the Companies Act, 1956, the SEBI Act, the SCRA and the respective rules, regulations, guidelines and circulars issued thereunder. 

Post notification of the Companies Act, 2013 SEBI, by way of its circular #CIR/CFD/DIL3/18/2015, dated December 31, 2015 (the “ **2015 Circular** ”) and circular #CFD/DIL3/CIR/P/2016/53, dated May 3, 2016 (the “ **2016 Circular** ”, and such circulars, together with the press release dated November 30, 2015, the “ **SEBI Circulars** ”), provided that companies involved in issuance of securities to more than 49 persons but up to 200 persons in a financial year may avoid penal action subject to fulfilment of certain conditions. Such conditions include, _inter alia_ , an option to surrender such securities being provided to the current holders of the securities at an exit price, which is not  less than the subscription amount along with interest at the rate of 15% p.a. (net of amounts already paid to such allottees as interest, dividend or otherwise). 

Whilst Section 67(3) of the Companies Act, 1956 did not provide any explicit exclusion for allotments to employees upon exercise of employee stock options which are made to more than 49 persons, the definition of ‘private company’ under the Companies Act, 1956 specifically excluded individuals who are or were in the employment of a company and held shares of such company, from the determination of the maximum number of permissible shareholders of a private company. Further, Section 42 of the Companies Act, 2013 specifically excludes allotments made to employees under an employee stock option scheme from the calculation of the maximum number of allottees to whom an allotment can be made under on a private placement basis in a financial year. Our Company believes that allotments of Equity Shares made by the Company to employees upon exercise of ESOPs granted to employees under employee stock option schemes do not fall within the purview of a public offering as determined under Section 67(3) of the Companies Act, 1956. However, by way of abundant caution and in the interest of time, and in the interest of the Shareholders, the Board, _vide_ a resolution passed at its meeting held on August 4, 2020 voluntarily  decided  to  authorise the Promoter to provide  an  exit offer  in the form of an invitation to offer  to  the  Shareholders who held Eligible Equity Shares as on July 31, 

49 

2020, in accordance with the SEBI Circulars.  The Promoter made the exit offer in compliance with the SEBI Circulars and the same was certified by Manian and Rao, Chartered Accountants on August 18, 2020 (“ **Compliance Certificate** ”). 

<mark>As mentioned above, as the Company has voluntarily undertaken and completed the exit process, it has subsequently filed a compounding application before the National Company Law Tribunal, Bengaluru bench, and a settlement application before the SEBI, voluntarily. For details of the compounding application and the settlement application, please see “</mark> _<mark>Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments – Litigation involving our Company – Compounding and Settlement Applications filed by our Company</mark>_ <mark>” on page 342. Based on the factual position and other factors explained above, our Company does not anticipate that these applications will have any material effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations.</mark> 

There can be no assurance that SEBI or any other regulatory authority or court will not take any action or initiate proceedings against our Company, Promoters, Directors and other officers in respect of the Stated Allotments in the future. Any such proceeding or action which may be initiated in the future may divert management time and attention and may subject us to further regulatory consequences which may have an adverse effect on our business, finances and results of operations. 

# **_41. Certain instruments may be inadequately/ insufficiently stamped as a result of which our operations may be adversely affected._** 

There have been instances where certain agreements including lease agreements executed between our Company and other parties have not been stamped before or after the time of execution of such agreements. Accordingly, we may be prohibited from admitting in evidence any instrument if not duly stamped when such instrument is chargeable with duty is sought to be produced in evidence. The effect of inadequate stamping is that the document is not admissible as evidence in legal proceedings and parties to that agreement may not be able to legally enforce the same, except after paying a penalty for inadequate stamping. Any potential dispute due to non-compliance of local laws relating to stamp duty and registration may adversely impact the operations of our Company. 

**_42. We may be unable to maintain or renew our statutory and regulatory permits, licences, lease deeds and approvals required to operate our business._** 

We require certain statutory and regulatory permits and approvals to operate our business. These include approvals from Software Technology Parks of India, Ministry of Communications, Government of India, Export Promotion Council, Secretary of State of the State of California, United States of America and Dubai Silicon Oasis Authority. We are yet to receive the renewed approval for setting up a network operating centre at our Company’s delivery centre pursuant to an application dated December 3, 2019 for renewal of OSP license from the Department of Telecom, Ministry of Communications, Government of India. We may not, at all points of time, have all approvals required for our business. For further details see _“Government and Other Approvals”_ on page 346. In addition, the Company has entered into several lease deeds in order to lease the property where their offices are situated. These may expire in the ordinary course. For example, the lease deed for our office situated in New Jersey, United States of America is in the process of being renewed. Further, our Company has recently shut down its office in Mumbai. In the event that we are unable to comply with any or all of these terms and conditions, or seek waivers or extensions of time for complying with these terms and conditions, it is possible that the license providers may revoke this licence or may place stringent restrictions on our operations. This may result in the interruption of all or some of our operations. If we fail to obtain, renew or maintain the required permits, licences, lease deeds or approvals, including those set out above, we could be subjected to penalties by the relevant regulatory authorities, which may result in the interruption of our operations or delay or prevent our expansion plans a nd may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_43. Acquisitions of membership in the Erstwhile Subsidiary, the software business of OSS Cube Solutions Limited, and the business of Cupola Technology Private Limited were undertaken without obtaining independent valuation reports_** 

Pursuant to a purchase agreement and a business transfer agreement, our Company acquired 100% membership interest in our erstwhile subsidiary from its former owners, as well as the business of providing software services from OSS Cube Solutions Limited in May 2017. Further, pursuant to a business transfer agreement our Company acquired the business of Cupola Technology Private Limited as a going concern on a slump sale basis. Fo r details, please see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters – Details regarding material acquisitions / divestments of business / undertakings, mergers and amalgamation_ ” on page 175. 

50 

The consideration for the aforementioned acquisitions was determined on the basis of internal estimates and valuations made by the management of our Company, and no independent valuation reports were obtained prior to the acquisitions. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that the consideration paid for the aforemen tioned acquisitions was not higher than the fair value of the membership interest or the fair value of the busin ess undertakings, respectively. 

**_44. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest._** 

We have entered into various transactions with related parties. While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis and contain commercially reasonable terms, we cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. It is likely that we may enter into related party transactions in the future. Although going forward, all related party transactions that we may enter into, will be subject to board or shareholder approval, as necessary under the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI Listing Regulations, we cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations or that we could not have achieved more favourable terms if such transactions had not been entered into with related parties. Accordingly, any future transactions with our related parties could potentially involve conflicts of interest which may be detrimental to our Company. We cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will always be in the best interests of our minority shareholders and will not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. For further details, please see “ _Other Financial Information – Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 300. 

**_45. Our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of Net Proceeds have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution or any other independent agency and our management will have broad discretion over the use of the Net Proceeds._** 

We propose to utilise the Net Proceeds towards meeting long term working capital requirements and general corporate purposes. For further details, please see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 104. The funding requirements mentioned as a part of the objects of the Offer are based on internal management estimates and current conditions which are subject to changes due to external circumstances, costs, other financial conditions or business strategies. We have relied on past expenditure in estimating utilisation of the Net Proceeds for our long term working capital requirements. As a consequence of any increased costs, our actual deployment of funds may be higher than our management estimates and may place a burden on our finance plans. Our proposed deployment of Net Proceeds has not been appraised by any bank or financial institution or any other independent agency and is based on management estimates. Our management will have broad discretion to use the Net Proceeds. 

Various risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in this section, may limit or delay our efforts to use the Net Proceeds to achieve profitable growth in our business. For example, our organic growth and expansion plans could be delayed due to failure to receive regulatory approvals, technical difficulties, human resource, technological or other resource constraints, or for other unforeseen reasons, events or circumstances. We may not be able to attract personnel with sufficient skills or sufficiently train our personnel to manage our expansion plans. Accordingly, use of the Net Proceeds to meet our future capital requirements, fund our growth and for other purposes identified by our management may not result in actual growth of our business, increased profitability or an increase in the value of our business and your investment. 

**_46. Industry information included in this Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from an industry report commissioned by us for such purpose. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical, financial and other industry information is complete, reliable or accurate._** 

We have availed the services of an independent third party research agency, Frost & Sullivan, to prepare an industry report titled “ _Assessing the Market Potential of Information Technology Services Market_ ” dated June 2020, for purposes of inclusion of such information in this Red Herring Prospectus. This report is subject to various limitations and based upon certain assumptions that are subjective in nature. We have not independently verified any data from this industry report. Although we believe that the data may be considered to be reliable, the accuracy, completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed and dependability cannot be assured. While we have taken reasonable care in the reproduction of the information from the report, such information has not been prepared or independently verified by us, or the BRLMs or any of our or their respective affiliates or advisors or any other person connected with the Offer and, therefore, we make no representation or warranty, 

51 

express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of such facts and statistics. Due to possibly flawed or ineffective collection methods or discrepancies between published information and market practice and other problems, the statistics herein may be inaccurate or may not be comparable to statistics produced for other economies and should not be unduly relied upon. Further, there is no assurance that they are stated or compiled on the same basis or with the same degree of accuracy as may be the case elsewhere. Statements from third parties that involve estimates are subject to change, and actual amounts may differ materially from those included in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_47. Our Promoter, certain of our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel have interests in us other than reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration or benefits._** 

Our Promoter, certain of our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel may be regarded as having an interest in our Company other than reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration or benefits. Our Promoter, certain Directors and Key Managerial Personnel may be deemed to be interested to the extent of Equity Shares and Preference Shares held by them as well as to the extent of any dividends, bonuses, or other distributio ns on such Equity Shares and Preference Shares. We cannot assure you that our Promoter, Directors and our Key Managerial Personnel will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. For further details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ”, “ _Our Management – Interests of Directors_ ” and “ _Our Promoter and Promoter Group – Interests of Promoter_ ” on pages 75, 184 and 198, respectively. 

# **_48. The proceeds of the Offer for Sale will not be available to the Company._** 

The Offer comprises a Fresh Issue and an Offer for Sale by the Selling Shareholders. We will not receive the proceeds from the Offer for Sale component of the Offer which will be remitted to the Selling Shareholders. For more information, please see “ _The Offer_ ” and “ _Terms of the Offer_ ” on pages 61 and 365, respectively. 

**_49. Certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance like EBITDA have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. These non-GAAP financial measures are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by Ind AS and may not be comparable._** 

Certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance like EBITDA have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. We compute and disclose such non-GAAP financial measures and such other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance as we consider such information to be useful measures of our business and financial performance. These non-GAAP financial measures and other statistical and other information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to financial measures and statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other companies and are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by Ind AS and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. 

**_50. Some of our investments are in debt instruments which are unsecured or carry interest rate risk, or both._** 

Some of our unsecured investments include investments in interest/ dividend bearing liquid debt instruments including investments in debt mutual funds and deposits with banks. Some of our unsecured investments carry interest rate which is lower than the prevailing market rate. Market interest rates in India fluctuate on a regular basis. Consequently, some of our investments may continue to carry interest rate lower than the market rate in the future. 

# **EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

# **_Risks Related to India_** 

**_51. The outbreak of Novel Coronavirus, or outbreak of any other severe communicable disease could have a potential impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

52 

The outbreak, or threatened outbreak, of any severe communicable disease (particularly the Novel Coronavirus) could materially adversely affect overall business sentiment and environment, particularly if such outbreak is inadequately controlled. The spread of any severe communicable disease may also adversely affect the operations of our customers and suppliers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The outbreak of Novel Coronavirus has resulted in authorities implementing several measures such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders, and shutdowns. These measures have impacted and may further impact our workforce and operations, the operations of our customers, and those of our respective vendors and suppliers. There is currently substantial medical uncertainty regarding Novel Coronavirus a nd no government-certified treatment or vaccine is available. A rapid increase in severe cases and deaths where measures taken by governments fail or are lifted prematurely, may cause significant economic disruption in India and in the rest of the world. The scope, duration and frequency of such measures and the adverse effects of Novel Coronavirus remain uncertain and could be severe. Our ability to meet our ongoing disclosure obligations might be adversely affected, despite our best efforts. If any of our employees were suspected of contracting Novel Coronavirus or any other epidemic disease, this could require us to quarantine some or all of these employees or disinfect the facilities used for our operations. In addition, our revenue and profitability could be impacted to the extent that a natural disaster, health epidemic or other outbreak harms the Indian and global economy in general. 

The outbreak has significantly increased economic uncertainty. It is likely that the current outbreak or continued spread of Novel Coronavirus will cause an economic slowdown and it is possible that it could cause a global recession. The spread of Novel Coronavirus has caused us to modify our business practices (including employee travel, employee work locations, and cancellation of physical participation in meetings, events and conferences), and we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners, and suppliers. There is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the outbreak, and our ability to perform critical functions could be harmed. Further, continued reimpositions of lockdowns could give rise to a recessionary economic scenario of uncertain duration in India and globally, which could adversely affect the business, prospects, results of operations and financial conditions of the Company. 

Please refer to “ _Our Business – Business Agility to response to Novel Coronavirus Pandemic_ ” on page 162 for a more detailed discussion of the relevant impact on us. The extent to which the Novel Coronavirus further impacts our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, includin g new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions taken globally to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. Existing insurance coverage may not provide protection for all costs that may arise from all such possible events. We are regularly assessing our business operations and system supports and the impact Novel Coronavirus may have on our results and financial condition, but there can be no assurance that this analysis will enable us to avoid part or all of any impact from the spread of Novel Coronavirus or its consequences, including downturns in business sentiment generally or in our sector in particular. The degree to which Novel Coronavirus impacts our results will depend on future developm ents, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of the outbreak, its severity, the actions taken to contain the outbreak or treat its impact, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. The above risks can threaten the safe operation of our facilities and cause disruption of operational activities, environmental harm, loss of life, injuries and impact the wellbeing of our people. 

# **_52. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market countries in Asia. Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy. Financial disruptions may occur again and could harm our business, our future financial performance and the prices of the Equity Shares. 

The recent outbreak of Novel Coronavirus has significantly affected financial markets around the world. Any other global economic developments or the perception that any of them could occur may continue to have an adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity and restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial 

53 

markets. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 

**_53. We may be affected by competition laws, the adverse application or interpretation of which could adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, of India, as amended (“ **Competition Act** ”), regulates practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India (“ **AAEC** ”). Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an AAEC is considered void and may result in the imposition of substantial penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or the provision of services or shares the market or source of production or provision of services in any manner, including by way of allocation of geographical area or number of customers in the relevant market or directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an AAEC and is considered void. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. 

On March 4, 2011, the Government notified and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to and pre-approved by the Competition Commission of India (the “ **CCI** ”). Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued Competition Commission of India (Procedure for Transaction of Business Relating to Combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. 

The Competition Act aims to, among others, prohibit all agreements and transactions which may have an AAEC in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an AAEC in India. However, the imp act of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements entered into by us cannot be predicted with certainty at this stage. However, since we pursue an acquisition driven growth strategy, we may be affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI or if any prohibition or substantial penalties are levied under the Competition Act, it would adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

# **_54. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against our Company outside India._** 

Our Company is incorporated under the laws of India. Our Company’s assets are located in India and most of our Company’s Directors and Key Managerial Personnel are residents of India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce against them judgments obtained in courts outside India. Moreover, it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or inconsistent with Indian public policy. 

India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions, which includes, the United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong. A judgment from certain specified courts located in a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the Civil Code. The United States and India do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any federal or state court in a non-reciprocating territory, such as the United States, for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general securities laws of the United States, would not be enforceable in India under the Civil Code as a decree of an Indian court. 

The United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong have been declared by the Government of India to be reciprocating territories for purposes of Section 44A of the Civil Code. A judgment of a court of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit on the judgment under Section 13 of the 

54 

Civil Code, and not by proceedings in execution. Section 13 of the Civil Code provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated on except (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case, (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognise the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable, (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice, (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. Under the Civil Code, a court in India shall, on the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgment, presume that the judgment was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdict ion, unless the contrary appears on record. The Civil Code only permits the enforcement of monetary decrees, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non - reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predica ted solely upon the general laws of the nonreciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. 

However, the party in whose favour such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the United States or other such jurisdiction within three years of obtaining such final judgment. It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Moreover, it is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages to the extent awarded in a final judgment rendered outside India if it believes that the amount of damages awarded were excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain the prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered. 

**_55. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, pandemic disease and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

**_56. We are subject to regulatory, economic, social and political uncertainties and other factors beyond our control._** 

We are incorporated in India and we conduct our corporate affairs and our business in India. Our Equity Shares are proposed to be listed on BSE and NSE. Consequently, our business, operations, financial performance and the market price of our Equity Shares will be affected by interest rates, government policies, taxation, social and ethnic instability and other political and economic developments affecting India. 

Factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy, and hence our results of operations may include: 

- any exchange rate fluctuations, the imposition of currency controls and restrictions on the right to convert or repatriate currency or export assets; 

- any scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse effect on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing for our expansions; 

- prevailing income conditions among Indian customers and Indian corporations; 

- epidemic or any other public health in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; 

- macroeconomic factors and central bank regulation, including in relation to interest rates movements which may in turn adversely impact our access to capital and increase our borrowing costs; 

55 

- volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; 

- decline in India's foreign exchange reserves which may affect liquidity in the Indian economy; 

- downgrading of India’s sovereign debt rating by rating agencies; and 

- difficulty in developing any necessary partnerships with local businesses on commercially acceptable terms and/or a timely basis. 

Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy or certain regions in India, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. For example, our manufacturing facilities are located in western India, hence any significant disruption, including due to social, political or economic factors or natural calamities or civil disruptions, impacting this region may adversely affect our operations. 

**_57. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our services at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our customers and our profits might decline._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of salaries, and other expenses relevant to our business. 

High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to pass on to our customers, whether entirely or in part, and the same may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or increase our rates to pass the increase in costs on to our customers. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Further, the GoI has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

**_58. Foreign investors are subject to foreign investment restrictions under Indian laws which limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely impact the market price of our Equity Shares._** 

Under the foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfers of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions) if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then the prior approval of the RBI will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert the Indian Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India will require a no objection/tax clearance certificate from the income tax authority. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other Indian government agency can be obtained on any particular terms, or at all. For further details, please see on “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” page 387. 

# **_59. A downgrade in ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. India’s sovereign rating is Baa2 with a “negative” outlook (Moody’s), BBB-with a “stable” outlook (S&P) and BBB-with a “stable” outlook (Fitch). Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favourable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of our Equity Shares. 

**_60. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of tax laws, may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably 

56 

respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. For example, the Government of India implemented a comprehensive national goods and services tax (“ **GST** ”) regime with effect from July 1, 2017, that combined multiple taxes and levies by the Central and State Governments into a unified tax structure. Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by any unexpected or onerous requirements or regulations resulting from the introduction of GST or any changes in laws or interpretation of existing laws, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations relating to GST, as it is implemented. The Government has enacted the GAAR which have come into effect from April 1, 2017. 

The Government of India has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2021 and the Ministry of Finance has notified the Finance Act, 2020 (“ **Finance Act** ”) on March 27, 2020, pursuant to assent received from the President, and the Finance Act will come into operation with effect from July 1, 2020 There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. We cannot predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Act would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. For instance, the Supreme Court of India has in a decision clarified the components of basic wages which need to be considered by companies while making provident fund payments, which resulted in an increase in the provident fund payments to be made by companies. Any such decisions in future or any further changes in interpretation of laws may have an impact on our results of operations. Further, a draft of the Personal Data Protection Bill, 2019 (“ **Bill** ”) has been introduced before the Lok Sabha on December 11, 2019, which is currently being referred to a joint parliamentary committee by the Parliament. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

# **_Risks Related to the Equity Shares_** 

# **_61. The requirements of being a publicly listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a publicly listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the SEBI Listing Regulations which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. Further, as a publicly listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over fina ncial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

**_62. The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and the Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer. Further, the current market price of some securities listed pursuant to certain previous issues managed by the BRLMs is below the respective issue price._** 

The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions, and will be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholders, in consultation with the BRLMs. Furthermore, the Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by the Company and the Selling Shareholders, in consultation with the BRLMs through the Book Building Process. These will be based on numerous factors, including factors as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 112 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. 

57 

In addition to the above, the current market price of securities listed pursuant to certain previous initial public offerings managed by the BRLMs is below their respective issue price. For further details, see “ _Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Price information of past issues handled by the BRLMs_ ” on page 360. The factors that could affect the market price of the Equity Shares include, among others, broad market trends, finan cial performance and results of the company post-listing, and other factors beyond our control. We cannot assure you that an active market will develop or sustained trading will take place in the Equity Shares or provide any assurance regarding the price at which the Equity Shares will be traded after listing. 

# **_63. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will be listed on the BSE and NSE in a timely manner or at all._** 

In accordance with Indian law and practice, permission for listing and trading of our Equity Shares will not be granted until after certain actions have been completed in relation to this Offer and until Allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to this Offer. 

In accordance with current regulations and circulars issued of SEBI, our Equity Shares are required to be listed on the BSE and NSE within such time as mandated under UPI Circulars, subject to any change in the prescribed timeline in this regard. However, we cannot assure you that the trading in our Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner or at all. Any failure or delay in obtaining final listing and trading approvals may restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares. 

# **_64. An investment in the Equity Shares is subject to general risks related to investments in Indian Companies._** 

Our Company is incorporated in India and almost all of our assets and employees are located in India. Consequently, our business, results of operations, financial condition and the market price of the Equity Shares will be affected by changes in interest rates in India, policies of the Government of India, including taxation policies along with policies relating to industry, political, social and economic developments affecting India. 

# **_65. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions), if they comply with the valuation and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and fall under any of the exceptions specified by the RBI, then the RBI’s prior approval is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. Further, in accordance with Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade, Government of India, investments where the beneficial owner of the Equity Shares is situated in or is a citizen of a country which shares land border with India, can only be made through the Government approval route, as prescribed in FDI Policy. These investment restrictions shall also apply to subscribers of offshore derivative instruments. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. 

# **_66. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares on a stock exchange held for more than 12 months will be subject to long term capital gains in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as whether the sale is undertaken on or off the stock exchanges, the quantum of gains and any available treaty exemption. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of Securities Transaction Tax (“ **STT** ”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. Further, any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable 

58 

for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. Additionally, the Finance Act, 2020 (" **Finance Act** ") does not require dividend distribution tax (" **DDT** ") to be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. 

**_67. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

**_68. Our Promoter is selling Equity Shares in the Offer and will receive proceeds as part of the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer comprises of a fresh issue of Equity Shares aggregating up to ₹1,100 million and an offer for sale of up to 35,663,585 Equity Shares by the Selling Shareholders. The proceeds from the Offer will be paid to Selling Shareholders, in respect of the Equity Shares offered by them in the Offer, and we will not receive any portion of such proceeds. For further details, please see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 104. 

**_69. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book-building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results of our Company, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

# **_70. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by equity shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the trading price of our Equity Shares and returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

**_71. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholders, in consultation with the BRLMs, and through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 112 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations 

59 

after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that the investor will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

**_72. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked securities by us may dilute your shareholding and any sale of Equity Shares by our Promoter or members of our Promoter Group may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any future issuance of the Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to the Equity Shares by us, may dilute your shareholding in our Company, adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and our ability to raise capital through an issue of our securities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will not issue additional Equity Shares. The disposal of Equity Shares by our Promoter and Promoter Group, or the perception that such sales may occur may significantly affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. Except as disclosed in “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 75, we cannot assure you that our Promoter and Promoter Group will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

**_73. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company incorporated in India must offer its equity shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting rights on such resolution. However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of our Equity Shares, your proportional interests in our Company may be reduced. 

**_74. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed including Allotment pursuant to the Offer within six Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, polit ical or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

60 

