# **SECTION III - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, the industry in which we operate in or to India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are now deemed immaterial, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could suffer, the price of our Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Unless specified in the relevant risk factor below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial implication of any of the risks mentioned below. To obtain a more detailed understanding of our business and operations, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 125, 98 and 263, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and the terms of the Issue including the merits and risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about particular consequences to you of an investment in the Issue._ 

_Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that we were incorporated under the laws of India and are subject to a legal and regulatory environment which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries. This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further details, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 15._ 

_Our financial information for the six months period ended September 30, 2021 and for Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019 included in this Red Herring Prospectus, are prepared under Ind AS. References to “Restated Financial Statements” are to our restated financial information for the six months period ended  September 30, 2021 and for Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019. Financial information for the six months ended September 30, 2021 is not indicative of full year results of operations and is not comparable with the annual financial statements presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. Unless stated or the context requires otherwise, the financial information used in this section is derived from the Restated Financial Statements on page 177. For a discussion of our results of operations, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on page 263._ 

# **Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry** 

**_1. Our Company has not entered into long-term agreements with our customers for purchasing our products nor for the supply of raw materials with our suppliers. We are subject to uncertainties in demand and there is no assurance that these customers and suppliers will continue to purchase our products or sell raw materials to us or that they will not scale down their orders. This could impact the business and financial performance of our Company._** 

Our Company has been dealing with most of our customers for the past several years, but we have not entered into any long-term agreements with of our customers and instead rely on purchase orders to govern the volume and other terms of our sales of products. Consequently, there is no commitment on the part of our customers to continue to place new purchase orders with us and as a result, our cash flow and consequent revenue may fluctuate significantly from time to time. Further, we may not find other customers for the surplus or excess capacity, in which case we may be forced to incur loss. Similarly, on the supply side as well we have been purchasing raw materials like Iron Ore through MSTC bidding portal or local suppliers. We also procure Sponge Iron from the local markets to meet our total Sponge Iron requirements. Our top 10 suppliers contributed 69.74%, 56.32%, 50.35% and 42.13% of total purchases for six months period ended September 30, 2021 and for Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019 respectively. Further, our top 10 suppliers of raw materials includes a related party which has supplied 29.56%, 20.98%, 10.75% and 3.34% of cost of materials consumed for six months period ended September 30, 2021 and for Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Our practice has been to place orders considering the demand-supply position which is also an industry practice. As a result, our customers and suppliers can terminate their relationships with us due to a change in preference or any other reason on immediate basis, which could materially and adversely impact our business. 

22 

Consequently, our revenue may be subject to variability because of fluctuations in demand for our products and supply of raw materials. Our Company's customers have no obligation to place orders with us and may either cancel, reduce or delay orders. The orders placed by our Company's customers are dependent on factors such as customer satisfaction with the quality of our products, fluctuation in demand for our Company's products, customer’s inventory management, amongst others. Our Company's suppliers have no obligation to accept our orders and may either cancel, reduce or delay orders. The orders placed by our Company on our suppliers are dependent on factors such as fluctuation in demand, supplier’s inventory management and pricing amongst others. 

Although, we have a strong emphasis on quality, timely delivery of our products and raw materials and personal interaction by the senior management with the customers and suppliers, any change in the buying pattern of buyers and preferences of suppliers can adversely affect the business and the profitability of our Company. 

**_2. Raw materials and stores spares and consumables consumed constitute a significant percentage of our Company’s total expenses. Any substantial increase in prices and any decrease in the supply would materially adversely affect our Company’s business._** 

Raw materials and stores consumed constitute a significant percentage of the total expenses of our Company. The cost of raw materials consumed accounted for 82.06%, 77.18%, 73.11% and 68.78% of total expenses for the six months period ended September 30, 2021 and for Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019 respectively. The inventories includes materials, finished goods, stores, spares and consumables which have average holding period of 80-85 days. Further, our Company has integrated steel plant which manufactures finished products i.e. MS Pipes from Iron Ore through multiple stages of manufacturing such as Iron ore ---> sponge iron ---> billets ---> HR Strips ---> MS Pipes. Our Company uses the product manufactured at the first stage as a raw material for next stage of manufacturing for which average holding period is approximately 10-15 days at each stage and accordingly it takes around 40-45 days for raw material to pass through multiple stages (Iron ore ---> sponge iron ---> billets ---> HR Strips ---> MS Pipes). Further the finished goods of MS Pipes of various sizes are held for 40-45 days as finished goods inventory thus inventories comprising of raw material, finished goods, stores, spares and consumable have average holding period of 80-85 days. Any substantial increase in the price of raw materials or stores consumed, which our Company is unable to pass on the impact of, would have a material adverse effect on our Company’s business. We are exposed to the price risk associated with purchasing our raw materials or stores consumed, which form the highest component of our expenses. We mainly secure Iron Ore from the MSTC bidding portal and some local suppliers and place our orders based on demand estimates and orders in hand. The period between procurement of raw material and conversion into finished products is not more than 15 days. This short period of production time between raw material stage and final product reduces the chances of any substantial change in the price of raw material and the price of the final product. Further, we sell our finished products in the market at the prevailing rate which includes any fluctuations/volatility in prices of raw materials and stores consumed. We do not have any policy to hedge the fluctuations / volatility in prices of raw materials and stores consumed. Any material shortage or interruption in the domestic and international supply or decrease in the quality of raw materials due to natural causes or other factors could result in increased production costs that our Company which we may not be able to pass on to customers, which in turn would have a material adverse effect on our Company’s business. 

**_<mark>3. We have historically derived, and may continue to derive, a significant portion of our income from our top 10 customers.</mark>_** 

Our top 10 customers represented 62.37%, 60.74% and 49.78%, respectively, of our revenue from operation for six months period ended September 30, 2021 and for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. Further, our largest customer represented 24.18%, 24.46% and 19.51% of our revenue from operations for six months period ended September 30, 2021 and for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. 

We typically have long term relationships with our customers, we have not entered into long terms agreements with our customers and the success of our business is accordingly significantly dependent on us maintaining good relationships with our customers. The actual sales by our Company may differ from the estimates of our management due to the absence of long term agreements. The loss of one or more of these significant or key customers or a reduction in the amount of business we obtain from them could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain historic levels of business and/or negotiate and execute long term contracts on terms that are 

23 

commercially viable with our significant customers or that we will be able to significantly reduce customer concentration in the future. 

**_4. The demand and pricing in the steel and steel products industry is volatile and is sensitive to the cyclical nature of the industries it serves. A decrease in steel prices may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition._** 

Steel prices fluctuate based on a number of factors, such as, the availability and cost of raw material inputs, fluctuations in domestic and international demand and supply of steel and steel products, international production and capacity, fluctuation in the volume of steel imports, transportation costs, protective trade measures and various social and political factors, in the economies in which the steel producers sell their products and are sensitive to the trends of particular industries, such as, the construction and machinery industries. When downturns occur in these economies or sectors, we may experience decreased demand for our products, which may lead to a decrease in steel and steel product prices, which may, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

Low steel prices adversely affect the businesses and results of operations of steel product producers generally, including ours, resulting in lower revenue and margins and write-downs of products and raw material inventories. In addition, the volatility, length and nature of business cycles affecting the steel and steel products industry have become increasingly unpredictable, and the recurrence of another major downturn in the industry may have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. In addition, substantial decreases in steel and steel product prices during periods of economic weakness have not always been balanced by commensurate price increases during periods of economic strength. Any sustained price recovery will require a broad economic recovery, in order to underpin an increase in real demand for steel and steel products by end users. 

**_5. The steel and steel products industry is characterized by volatility in the prices of raw materials and energy which could adversely affect our profitability._** 

Steel and steel products production requires substantial amounts of raw materials and energy, including iron ore, iron ore fines, sponge iron, scrap and power, which are subject to significant price volatility. The production of steel and steel products is capital intensive, with a high proportion of fixed costs to total costs. The proportion of fixed costs to total costs in our total production for six months period ended September 30, 2021 and for Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019 is 5.39%, 4.37%, 4.71% and 2.58%, respectively. Consequently, steel products producers generally seek to maintain high capacity utilization. If capacity exceeds demand, there is a tendency for prices to fall sharply if supply is largely maintained. Conversely, expansion of capacity requires long lead times so that, if demand grows strongly, prices increase rapidly, as unutilized capacity cannot be brought on line as quickly. The result can be substantial price volatility. 

We may be negatively affected by significant price volatility, particularly in the event of excess production capacity in the global steel market and incur operating losses as a result. 

**_6._ If we are unable to successfully implement our proposed expansion plans our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.** 

Our Company is planning to build scale and expand its portfolio of value-added products. From the Net Proceeds of the Issue, we will be deploying funds for setting up of two (2) additional pipe mills adjacent to our existing Unit I. This expansion will increase our capacity from the present 84,000 MTPA to 1,32,000 MTPA. We will also be expanding our Furnace Unit capacity which will enhance our production capacity to the extent of 1,04,232 MTPA from the existing capacity of 95,832 MTPA. 

These expansion projects, to the extent that they proceed, would involve risks, including risks associated with the timely completion of these projects, and our failure to adequately manage these risks notwithstanding our upgraded operational and financial systems, procedures and controls could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Factors that could affect our ability to complete these projects on time, include completing the project / civil construction, receiving the machineries of desired quality and on the scheduled time, a decline in demand for our products and general economic conditions. We may have to revise our schedule of implementation and completion of these expansion projects on account of a various factors including delay in Issue process, market conditions, negotiation with suppliers 

24 

and other external factors. This may entail rescheduling of implementation of these proposed expansion projects. Our Company is setting up the proposed expansion projects on the land adjacent to the existing Unit I and material approvals and licenses for the existing Unit I will be applicable for the proposed expansion project. Therefore, there is less scope for delay in completion of the projects and escalation in costs of the proposed expansion projects. For details on estimated schedule of implementation of proposed expansion project, please refer section “ _Object of Issue - Proposed schedule of implementation and deployment of Net Proceeds – Estimated Schedule of commencement and completion”_ on page 81 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Our expansion plans and business growth could strain our managerial, operational and financial resources. Our ability to manage future growth will depend on our ability to continue to implement and improve operational, financial and management information systems on a timely basis and to attract, expand, train, motivate, retain and manage our workforce. 

We cannot assure you that our personnel, systems, procedures and controls will be adequate to support our future growth. Failure to effectively manage our expansion may lead to increased costs and reduced profitability and may adversely affect our growth prospects. Any of these factors may cause us to delay, modify or forego some or all aspects of our expansion plans. Further, there can be no assurance that we will be able to execute our strategies on time and within the budget estimated by the Company. In addition, our expansion plans have not been appraised by any independent or third party agency, and accordingly, in the absence of such independent appraisal, our expansion plans may be subject to change based on various factors which are beyond our control. 

**_<mark>7. Our Company had negative cash flows in recent Fiscals, details of which are given below. Sustained negative cash flow could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.</mark>_** 

<mark>Our Company had negative cash flows in recent Fiscals/ periods, details of which are given below:</mark> 

|||||_(₹ in lakhs)_|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Cash flow from**|**For six months**<br>**period ended on**<br>**September**<br>**30,**<br>**2021**|**Fiscal 2021**|**Fiscal 2020**|**Fiscal 2019**|
|Operating<br>Activities|(150.26)|1,042.61|51.62|321.90|
|Investing activities|(318.37)|(2,346.91)|(1,203.90)|(3,189.25)|
|Net increase in cash<br>and cashequivalents|(66.34)|(95.07)|(231.16)|368.09|



The cash flows of a company is a key indicator to show the extent of cash generated from operations to meet its capital expenditure, pay dividends, repay loans and make new investments without raising finance from external resources. If we are not able to generate sufficient cash flows, it may adversely affect our business and financial operations. For further details please refer to the section titled "Restated Financial Statements" and section titled "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" beginning on pages 177 and 263 respectively, of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_8. Our manufacturing Units are situated in Mahabubnagar District, Telangana and Anantapur District, Andhra Pradesh and our operations may be affected by various factors associated with the region where we operate._** 

Our manufacturing Units are located in the state of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh and sell our products in the Southern Indian region. This concentration of our business in Southern India, subjects us to various risks, including but not limited to the following risks: 

- regional slowdown in construction activities or reduction of infrastructure projects in Southern India; 

- • regional natural disasters; 

- vulnerability to change of policies, laws and regulations or the political and economic environment of Southern India; 

- constraints on our ability to diversify across states; 

25 

- perception by our potential clients, that we are a regional steel products manufacturing company, which hampers us from competing against other large steel products manufacturing companies at a national level. 

Further, since our manufacturing operations are concentrated in Telangana and Andhra Pradesh any political disruptions, natural calamities or civil disruptions, opposition and protests, particularly in locations where we operate, could adversely affect our business operations or strategy. There is no assurance that such disruption in business operations would not bring any hindrance in the functioning of our manufacturing Units. Consequently, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition have been and will continue to be heavily dependent on the performance of, and the prevailing conditions affecting the steel and steel products industry in Telangana and Andhra Pradesh and end user industry in geographically contiguous states. 

**_9. The value of our brand “HARIOM PIPES” may be diluted if low quality counterfeit products under our brand name are sold in our markets._** 

Our brand “HARIOM PIPES” is an important asset to us and most of our MS Pipes are inscribed with our brand “HARIOM PIPES” on them. We believe our brand serves in attracting customers to our products over those of our competitors. Our products are marketed across Southern and Western India under our brand. We believe in continuing to develop awareness of our brand, through focused and consistent branding and marketing initiatives and is important to increase our sales and revenues, grow our existing market share and expand into new markets. We believe that our brand commands a strong brand recall in the Southern and Western Indian markets due to our long presence. Decrease in product quality due to reasons beyond our control or allegations of product defects, even when false or unfounded, could tarnish the image of our brand and may cause customers to choose other products. As a result, any adverse publicity involving our brand, our products or us may impair our reputation, dilute the impact of our branding and marketing initiatives including digital/social media marketing and adversely affect our business and our prospects. 

**_10. Our business is seasonal in nature and therefore our results of operations for any quarter in a given year may not, therefore, be comparable with other quarters in that year._** 

Demand for our products is seasonal as climatic conditions, particularly the monsoon, affect the level of activity in the construction industry. As a result, we usually experience relatively weaker sales volume during the monsoon, and somewhat stronger sales in other seasons. We expect our results of operations will continue to be affected by seasonality in the future. Our results of operations for any quarter in a given year may not, therefore, be comparable with other quarters in that year. 

**_11. Disruption of third party mining operations could adversely impact our ability to obtain raw materials at reasonable prices and may have a significant adverse impact on our business and results of operations._** 

We do not own any iron ore mines and source our Iron Ore requirements through the MSTC bidding portal and local suppliers. Our Unit II which produces Sponge Iron from Iron Ore is located near Bellary, which is one of the hubs in South India for iron ore production. 

Iron Ore prices have been impacted by restrictions on the usage of mining rights resulting in failure to extract required amounts of iron ore, or applicable environmental standards are substantially increased or royalties are increased to significant levels, or the security situation in the areas where mines are located deteriorate significantly. Though we have not faced any instances of the non-availability of raw materials in the past due to disruptions in usage of third party mining rights, we may, in future face such disruptions to obtain the raw materials. Further, our ability to operate our manufacturing Units could be disrupted until raw materials are available at our price points, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_12. Our operations are subject to environmental and workers’ health and safety laws and regulations. We may have to incur material costs to comply with these regulations or suffer material liabilities or damages in the event of an incidence or non-compliance of environmental laws and regulations which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our operations are subject to extensive environmental and hazardous waste management laws and regulations in India, including the Environmental Protection Act, 1986, as amended (the “Environment Act”), the Air 

26 

(Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981, as amended (the “Air Act”), the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974, as amended (the “Water Act”) and other regulations promulgated by the MoEF and various statutory and regulatory authorities and agencies in India. Our industry is subject to strict regulations with respect to a range of environmental matters including licensing requirements, management of materials used in manufacturing activities, the storage of inflammable and hazardous substances and associated risks, the storage, treatment and disposal of wastes, remediation of contaminated soil and groundwater, air quality standards, water pollution and discharge of hazardous materials into the environment. The discharge or emission of dust or other pollutants into the air, soil or water that exceed permitted levels and cause damage to others may give rise to liabilities towards the government and third parties and may result in our incurring costs to remedy any such discharge or emissions. 

The impact of these laws and regulations, or any changes to such laws or regulations, may be significant and may delay in the commencement of, or cause interruptions to, our operations. We  have complied with all such applicable environmental laws and regulations in the past except as mentioned below: 

Telangana State Pollution Control Board (“TSPCB”) vide their letter dated June 1, 2021 has observed following non-compliances in respect of our Unit I: 

1. The online stack monitoring system is not connected to TSPCB Website; 2. As per Consent to Operate (“CFO”) order, the Company has consented to operate one Induction furnace of 15 MT capacity. However, the Company has installed additional Induction furnace before obtaining Environmental Clearance (“EC”) and without obtaining Consent to Establish (“CFE”); 

3. The Company has not provided cladding to the slag crusher conveyor belt; 4. The Company is not maintaining records of water consumption; 5. The Company has not submitted solid waste generation and disposal details and energy consumption records; and 

6. The Company has submitted the Bank Guarantee (BG) of ₹ 4 Lakhs as per the TSPCB directions for a period up to August 5, 2020. The Company has not extended the BG further. 

Subsequently based on the above observations, we have complied with the following: 

1. We have corrected the issue of disconnection of online stack monitoring system with TSPCB Website; 2. We have installed additional induction furnace which was not operational. Accordingly, we have given commitment to TSPCB our additional induction furnace will get operational only after obtaining CFE and CFO; 

3. We have given commitment to provide cladding to the slag crusher conveyor belt; 4. We have confirmed that we are maintaining records of water consumption for domestic and industrial usage; 

5. We have informed that, we generally crushes the slag which is generated at the time of manufacturing of our products, in a crusher and also remove iron particles by using magnetic separators. Thereafter, we use the residue (sand) for filing low lying areas. We further informed TSPCB that, daily records with details such as initial reading, final reading and consumption, for energy consumption maintained by us has been maintained; and 

6. We have submitted a request to Joint Chief Environmental Engineer, TSPCB to consider grant of waiver to extend the Bank Guarantee as we were facing certain issues because of Covid-19 pandemic including, difficulties in getting labour, compulsory bank obligations, electricity issues, etc. 

Further, we communicated the above compliances made by us to TSPCB on June 14, 2021 on the observations issued by TSPCB. Accordingly, TSPCB has verified the compliances and issued us with copy of CFE with enhanced licensed capacity for Unit I on July 28, 2021. 

However, on August 13, 2021, TSPCB invoked bank guarantee of ₹4 Lakhs submitted by the Company with TSPCB. 

There can be no assurance that in future, such non-compliances with environmental laws and regulations will not be repeated. 

Our manufacturing facilities are being inspected on regular basis by the TSPCB. There can be no assurance that compliance with such environmental laws and regulations will not result in a curtailment of production or a material increase in the costs of production or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our financial 

27 

condition and results of operations. Environmental laws and regulations in India have become increasingly stringent, and it is possible that they will become significantly more stringent in the future. If any of our manufacturing facilities or the operations of such manufacturing facilities are shut down, we may continue to incur costs in complying with regulations, appealing any decision to close our facilities, maintaining production at our existing facilities and continuing to pay labour and other costs which may continue even if the facility is closed. Stricter laws and regulations, or stricter interpretation of the existing laws and regulations may impose new liabilities on us or result in the need for additional compliance requirements and additional investment in environmental protection equipment, either of which could adversely affect our operations, financial condition or business prospects. 

**_13. We have certain contingent liabilities that have not been provided for in our Company’s financials, which if realised, could adversely affect our financial condition._** 

Our contingent liabilities for six months period ended September 30, 2021 and as at March 31, 2021, March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019, were as follows: 

||<br>|||_(₹ in lakhs)_|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**For**<br>**six**|**For Fiscal**|||
||**months period**<br>**ended**<br>**September 30,**<br>**2021**|**Fiscal 2021**|**Fiscal 2020**|**Fiscal 2019**|
|Contingent Liability classified as<br> <br> <br>|||||
|1) Claims<br>against<br>the<br>Company<br>not<br>acknowledged as debt|600.69|600.69|593.13|38.98|
|2) Guarantees<br>Excluding|||||
|Financial Guarantees|1.31|5.31|4.82|1.31|
|**Total**|**602.00**|**606.00**|**597.95**|**40.29**|



We cannot assure you that these contingent liabilities will not become established as liabilities. In the event any of these contingent liabilities become established as liabilities, it may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

**_14. There are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company, Promoters and certain Directors which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

There are proceedings pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, enquiry officers and appellate forums. Such proceedings could divert management’s time, attention and consume financial resources in their defence. Further, an adverse judgment in some of these proceedings could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For details in relation to certain material litigation, please see the section entitled " _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ " beginning on page 282. A summary of the outstanding proceedings involving our Company, our Promoters and Directors as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus, to the extent quantifiable, have been set out below: 

|||_(₹ in lakhs)_|
|---|---|---|
|**Nature of Proceedings**|**Number of**<br>**outstanding**<br>**proceedings**|**Amount involved**|
|**LITIGATIONS INVOLVING OUR COMPANY**|||
|Outstanding legal proceedings against our Company|||
|Civil Proceedings|1|10.11|
|Outstanding legal proceedings by our Company|||
|Civil Proceedings|3|82.93|
|**LITIGATIONS INVOLVING OUR PROMOTERS AND**|**DIRECTORS**||
|Outstanding legal proceedings against our Promoters & Direc|tors||
|Civil Proceedings|||
|Our Promoter and Director, Rupesh Kumar Gupta|1|Not ascertainable|



28 

|**Nature of Proceedings**<br>**PENDING CLAIMS RELATED TO DIRECT AND INDI**<br>**COMPANY, PROMOTERS AND DIRECTORS**|**Number of**<br>**outstanding**<br>**proceedings**<br>**RECT TAXES INVOL**|**Amount involved**<br>**VING OUR**|
|---|---|---|
|Pending claims due to tax authorities from our<br>Company–Direct Tax|3|592.71|
|Pending claims due to our Company from tax authorities<br>|||
|Direct Tax|1|24.00|
|Indirect Tax|1|0.85|
|**Pending Claims Due To Tax Authorities from Our Promo**|**ter / Director**||
|Pending claims due to tax authorities from our<br>Director, Sunita Gupta–Direct Tax|1|2.86|
|Pending claims due to tax authorities from our<br>Promoter and Director, Sailesh Gupta–Direct Tax|1|252.70|



Orders passed in such proceedings adverse to our interests may affect our reputation and standing and may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. For further details, please refer to section titled _"Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments"_ beginning on page 282 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_15. Absence of large customers and dependence on smaller customers increases uncertainty of demand which may have an adverse impact on our business operations and financial performance._** 

We mainly supply our products viz. MS Pipes and Scaffoldings to the Southern and Western India markets through our distributors and dealers. Reliance on large number of small customers for our business may generally involve several risks. These risks may include, but are not limited to, reduction, delay or cancellation of orders, failure to negotiate favourable terms with customer, the loss of these customers, all of which would have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and future prospects of our Company. Further, there is no guarantee that we will retain the business of our existing customers or maintain the current level of business with each of these customers. In order to retain some of our existing customers, we may also be required to accept terms to such customers which we may place restraints on our resources. Additionally, our revenues may be adversely affected if there is an adverse change in any of our customers supply chain strategies or a reduction in their consumption or if our customers decide to choose our competitors over us or if there is a significant reduction in the volume of our business with such customers. Maintaining strong relationships with our distributors and dealers and through them the end customers is, therefore, essential to our business strategy and to the growth of our business. Some of our customers may place demands on our resources or may require us to undertake additional obligations which have the effect of increasing our operating costs and therefore affect our profitability. Further, a decline in our customers’ business performance may lead to a corresponding decrease in demand for our products. Consequently, the loss of existing customers and our inability to acquire new customers, may significantly affect our revenues, and we may have difficulty securing comparable levels of business from other customers or secure new customers to offset any loss of revenue from the loss of our existing customers. As a consequence of our reliance on a variety of customers, any adverse change in the financial condition of these customers may also have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and future benefits. 

**_16. We sell our products through a large network of distributors and dealers. Any payment delay or default in payments or deficiency in services, by any of our channel partners, could adversely affect us, our goodwill, operations, and profitability._** 

We mainly sell our products viz. MS Pipes and Scaffoldings through a large network of distributors and dealers. We sell our products in the retail segment through a well-established and effectively managed dealer distribution network and as on January 31, 2022, our distribution network comprised of over two hundred (200) distributors and dealers. We have not entered into any exclusive arrangements with our distributors and dealers to exclusively sell our MS Pipes and Scaffoldings. While, there has been no instances of any dispute with any of our distributors and dealers in the last three fiscals which has had material adverse impact on our financial and result of operations, we cannot assure you that we will not be impacted by such instances going forward. While we strive to operate on immediate payment terms, and at times with partial or full advance payment terms, but there is no guarantee that our distributors and dealers will not default on their payments. 

29 

We extend credit periods to our distributors and dealers and we cannot guarantee that our distributors and dealers will not default on their payments which might adversely affect our profits margins and cash flows. An inability to collect receivables in a timely manner or at all, could adversely affect our working capital cycle, and cash flow. Our ability to increase our market outreach significantly depends on our ability to expand and effectively manage our dealer distribution network on acceptable pricing terms. Although we generally endeavour to obtain favourable pricing terms in arrangements and contracts when engaging with our service providers, market conditions at the time of negotiating such contracts and arrangements may result in us accepting less favourable pricing terms. There is no assurance that we will be able to maintain our existing distribution network or successfully engage new distributors and dealers in the future. Owing to constant competition, we may be unable to enter into favourable terms with our distributors and dealers leading to a decline or stagnation of our distribution network. Any disruption in our supply chain dynamics, or reduction or cancellation of purchase orders from our distributors and dealers or our customers at any point in time, or failure in appointing new channel partners, or termination or non-renewal of distribution agreements by the distributors, could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. 

**_17. Developments in the competitive environment in the steel and steel products industry, such as consolidation among our competitors, could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position and hence our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects._** 

We believe that the key competitive factors affecting our business include product quality, capacity creation and utilization, changes in manufacturing technology, workforce skill and productivity, operating costs, pricing power with our buyers, access to funding, the degree of regulation and access to a regular supply of raw materials. We cannot assure prospective investors that we will be able to compete effectively against our current or emerging competitors with respect to each of these key competitive factors. In the past, there have been instances of consolidation among our competitors. Competition from global and domestic steel and steel products producers with expanded production capacities and new market entrants could result in significant price competition, declining margins and a reduction in revenue. For example, these companies may be able to negotiate preferential prices for certain products or receive discounted prices for bulk purchases of certain raw materials that may not be available to us. Further, changes in India’s debt restructuring and insolvency laws, including the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, has led to consolidation among our competitors. In addition, our competitors may have lower leverage and/ or access to cheaper sources of funding. Larger competitors may also use their resources, which may be greater than ours, against us in a variety of ways, including by making additional acquisitions, investing more aggressively in product development and capacity and displacing demand for our products. The market is still highly fragmented, and if the trend towards consolidation continues, we could be placed in a disadvantageous competitive position relative to other steel product producers and our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, a variety of known and unknown events could have a material adverse impact on our ability to compete. 

**_18. Our success largely depends upon the services of our senior management and other Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) and our ability to attract and retain them. Demand for senior management personnel in the industry is intense and our inability to attract and retain our KMP may affect the operations of our Company._** 

Our Key Managerial Personnel have substantially contributed for our growth. Our success is substantially dependent on the expertise and services of our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel. They provide expertise which enables us to take well informed decisions in relation to our business and prepare our Company for future challenges. Our future performance will depend upon the continued services of these persons. Demand for senior management personnel in the industry is intense. We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain any or all, or that our succession planning will help to replace, the key members of our management. The loss of the services of such key members of our management team and the failure of any succession plans to replace such key members could have an adverse effect on our business and the results of our operations. 

**_19. We do not own our Registered Office, Corporate Office and Part of the Unit I land and any revocation or adverse changes in the terms of the leave and license/lease may have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We have entered into a leave and license agreement in respect of our Registered Office situated at 1<sup>st</sup> Floor, Samarpan, Door No. 3-4-174/12/2, Lane beside Spencer’s, Pillar No. 125, Attapur, Rajendranagar, 

30 

Hyderabad – 500030 and Corporate Office situated at 2<sup>nd</sup> Floor, Samarpan, Door No. 3-4-174/12/2, Lane beside Spencer’s, Pillar No. 125, Attapur, Rajendranagar, Hyderabad – 500030. Part of our Unit I land is owned by us and the balance is owned by our Promoter, Sailesh Gupta. These leave and licenses arrangements have limited validity. If the owner of the premises, which are our Promoter/ Promoter Group Entity, revoke this agreement or impose terms and conditions that are unfavourable to us, we may suffer a disruption in our operations or have to pay increased rent, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

For further details, see the section titled “ _Our Business — Properties/ Land details_ ” on page 141. 

**_20. Our failure to accurately forecast and manage inventory could result in an unexpected shortfall and/ or surplus of products, which could harm our business._** 

We monitor our inventory levels based on our own projections of future demand. Because of the length of time necessary to produce commercial quantities of our products, we make production decisions well in advance of sales. An inaccurate forecast of demand for any product can result in the unavailability/surplus of our products. This unavailability of our products in high demand may depress sales volumes and adversely affect customer relationships. Conversely, an inaccurate forecast can also result in an over-supply of our products, which may increase costs, negatively impact cash flow, reduce the quality of inventory, erode margins substantially and ultimately create write-offs of inventory. Any of the aforesaid circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_21. Our customers may be unable to pay their debts due to local economic conditions, which may affect payment for our products used by them on credit leading to adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Generally, we sell our products against future payment with credit terms varying according to local market practice. Our credit terms vary from 15 days to 71 days. However, our distributors and dealers may be adversely affected by a number of factors beyond their control which could affect their financial condition and consequently their ability to pay us for products that have sold or are present in their inventory. Although losses in these respects have historically been limited, in periods of declining economic conditions and sustained adverse weather, there can be no assurance that such losses will not be material, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, in the event of any dispute or a default regarding our payments, we would have to initiate appropriate recovery proceedings. Inability to collect dues because of delays or defaults in payments by customers could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_22. If we do not continue to invest in new technologies and equipment, our technologies and equipment may become obsolete and our cost of processing may increase relative to our competitors, which may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We believe that going forward, our profitability and competitiveness will depend in large part on our ability to maintain low cost of operations, including our ability to process and supply sufficient quantities of our products as per the agreed specifications. If we are unable to respond or adapt to changing trends and standards in technologies and equipment, or otherwise adapt our technologies and equipment to changes in market conditions or requirements, in a timely manner and at a reasonable cost, we may not be able to compete effectively and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

**_23. Fluctuations in the prices of commodities may affect the sales of our steel products and our results of operations._** 

We are also affected by movements in prices of metals, which may vary as a result of, among other things, quality and availability of supply, domestic and international prices, currency fluctuations, consumer demand and changes in government programs. Such movements may affect our customers decisions on purchase of our products which may affect the sales of our products and our results of operations. If prices of metal rise, our customers generally reduce their spending on metal related products and prefer available alternatives which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_24. Our inability to respond adequately to increased competition may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

31 

We compete with several domestic companies, as well as large multi-national companies with broader product ranges, greater brand recognition, stronger sales forces and greater financial resources and experience, including a larger budget for advertising and marketing. Some of our competitors may develop alliances to compete against us. Our competitors in the Southern Indian region may also have better access or exclusive arrangements to distribute products and may be able to sell their products at lower prices. We also face competition from new entrants and the unorganized market who may have more flexibility in responding to changing business and economic conditions. The basis of competition includes, among other things, pricing, innovation, perceived value, brand recognition, promotional activities, advertising, special events, new product introductions, customer service and other activities. We have experienced price competition in the past, and there can be no assurance that such price competition will not recur in the future. Growing competition may force us to reduce the prices of our products, which may reduce revenues and margins and/or decrease our market share, either of which could affect our results of operations. Our competitors may succeed in developing technologies, processes and products that are more effective and/or more cost effective than the ones that we may develop. These developments could render our technologies, processes or products obsolete or uncompetitive, which would harm our business and financial results. We expect competition to continue to be intense as our existing competitors expand their operations and introduce new products. Our failure to compete effectively, including any delay in responding to changes in the industry and market, together with increased spending on advertising, may affect the competitiveness of our products, which may result in a decline in our revenues and profitability. As a result, there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against our existing or potential competitors, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_25. Our manufacturing process involves extreme heat and fire. In the event of any accidents, our Company may be held liable for damages and penalties which may impact the financials of our Company._** 

Our employees/labour may be required to work under potentially dangerous circumstances in the operation of our manufacturing Units associated with the handling, storage, movement and production of our Products, as well as accidents such as fire and explosions. Any mishandling of our equipment and machineries could also lead to serious and sometimes fatal accidents. These accidents can cause personal injury and loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property and equipment, environmental damage and may result in the suspension of operations and the imposition of civil and criminal liabilities.. We have taken group accident insurance policy covering our employees working at our manufacturing Units. While we believe that the insurance coverage maintained by us would be reasonably adequate to cover the normal risks associated with such accidents, to the extent that we suffer loss or damage for accidents for which our insurance is inadequate or which exceeds our insurance coverage, the loss would have to be borne by us. Such accidents have the potential to adversely impact our financial position, our reputation with suppliers, customers, regulators, employees and the public, which could in turn affect our financial condition and business performance. 

For further details of our insurance coverage, see the section titled “ _Our Business — Insurance_ ” on page 142. 

**_26. We face substantial competition from Indian steel and steel products producers, which may affect our prospects._** 

The Indian steel and steel products industry is highly competitive. We compete to varying degrees with other Indian MS Pipe and Scaffolding manufacturers. Competing producers have increased their manufacturing capacity and we expect domestic competition to further intensify with the ramping up of new manufacturing plants by these competitors. Some of our domestic competitors may possess an advantage over us due to various reasons, such as captive raw material sources, greater economies of scale, integrated manufacturing plants, specialization in production of value-added or niche products, stronger distribution network and greater presence in certain markets. Maintaining or increasing our market share will depend on effective marketing initiatives and our ability to anticipate and respond to various competitive factors affecting the industry, including our ability to improve our manufacturing process and techniques, introduce new products, respond to pricing strategies of our competitors, and adapt to changes in technology and changes in customer preferences. Failure by us to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may also face competition from new companies that are emerging which may attempt to obtain a share in our existing markets. These factors, among others, have intensified the competition from domestic steel products players and there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against our existing or potential competitors or that increased 

32 

competition with respect to our activities may not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_27. Conflict of interest may arise out of common business objects shared by our Company and our Group Entity._** 

Our Promoter group entity, namely M/s. Ultra Pipes, is in the business of manufacturing, marketing and selling MS Pipes (“Ultra Pipes Business”). Our Company, among other products also manufactures MS Pipes. As a result, there may be conflict of interests in allocating business opportunities between us and the Promoter group entity. However, M/s. Ultra Pipes is currently involved in manufacturing limited sizes and types of MS Pipes which are not presently being manufactured by us. Moreover, the HR Strips used by M/s. Ultra Pipes is being supplied by our Company. Our Promoters have entered into an Agreement with our Company to not to undertake any business (directly and indirectly) in M/s. Ultra Pipes which competes in any manner with the business undertaken by our Company. The Promoters have also undertaken that they will not expand or increase the Ultra Pipes Business and enter into the business of the Company anytime in the future either through M/s. Ultra Pipes or any other entity.  Any violation, non-compliance (whether in whole or in part) or unenforceability of such obligations may have an adverse effect on the results of our operations and financial condition. 

**_28. Steel products manufacturing is a labour intensive industry, hence we may face labour disruptions and other planned and unplanned outages that could interfere or temporarily disrupt our operations._** 

Our Company’s activities are labour intensive. Strikes and other labour action may have an adverse impact on our operations, though we have not experienced any such labour disruption in the past. We cannot guarantee that we will not experience any strike, work stoppage or other industrial action in the future. Any such event could disrupt our operations either temporarily or for a significant period of time, resulting in increased wages and other costs leading to a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. For further details, please refer to the paragraph titled _‘Our Business – Human Resources’_ on page 141 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_29. The loss resulting from shutdown of operations at any of our manufacturing Units could have an adverse effect on our Company._** 

Our manufacturing facilities are subject to operating risks, such as the breakdown or failure of equipment, power supply or processes, performance below expected levels of output or efficiency, obsolescence, labour disputes, natural disasters, industrial accidents. Our manufacturing facilities use complex equipment and machinery, and the breakdown or failure of equipment or machinery may result in us having to make repairs or procure replacements which may require considerable time and expense. Although, our Company has not had such incident in the past and while we also have insurance cover for all our facilities, to the extent that we suffer loss or damage for events for which we are not insured or for which our insurance is inadequate or which exceeds our insurance coverage, the loss would have to be borne by us, and as a result, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. For further details, see the section titled “ _Our Business — Insurance_ ” on page 142. 

**_30. Our business is dependent on our manufacturing Units which are geographically located in Telangana and Andhra Pradesh. Any shutdown of operations in Telangana and/or Andhra Pradesh may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

Our integrated plant at Mahabubnagar District in Telangana (Unit I) manufactures finished steel products from iron scrap and Sponge Iron and our other plant at Anantapur District, Andhra Pradesh (Unit II) exclusively manufactures Sponge Iron. These facilities are subject to the normal risks of industrial production, including natural disasters, directives from government agencies and power interruptions. Any extended power supply interruption will result in reduced production at the affected facility. We depend on TSSPDCL for the supply of power to Unit I and SPDCAPL for the supply of power to Unit II. Any shortage or interruption in the supply of electricity may adversely affect our operations and increase our production costs. This could lead to delays in delivery of our products or non-delivery, resulting in loss of revenue and damage to our reputation or customer relationships. As we do not carry business interruption insurance, any disruption that affects our operations will adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

33 

**_31. Any reduction in the demand for our products could lead to underutilization of our manufacturing capacity. We may also face surplus production of a particular product due to various reasons including inaccurate forecasting of customer requirements, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

We face the risk that our customers might not place any order or might place orders of lesser than expected size or may even cancel existing orders or make change in their policies which may result in reduced quantities being manufactured by us. Cancellations, reductions or instructions to delay production (thereby delaying delivery of products manufactured by us) by customers could adversely affect our results of operations by reducing our sales volume leading to a reduced utilization of our existing manufacturing capacity. 

Further, we make significant decisions, including determining the levels of business that we will seek and accept, production schedules, personnel requirements and other resource requirements, based on our estimates of customer orders. The changes in demand for their products (which are in turn manufactured by us) could reduce our ability to estimate accurately future customer requirements, make it difficult to schedule production and lead to over production and utilization of our manufacturing capacity for a particular product. The requirements of our customers are not restricted to one type of product and therefore variations in demand For certain types of products also requires us to make certain changes in our manufacturing processes thereby affecting our production schedules. This may lead to over production of certain products and under production of some other products resulting in a complete mismatch of capacity and capacity utilization. Any such mismatch leading to over or under utilization of our manufacturing facilities could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

**_32. Our operations are dependent on our furnaces, machines, and equipment for manufacturing our products. Any breakdown, failure or malfunction may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

Any significant malfunction or breakdown of our machinery may entail significant repair and maintenance costs and cause delays in our operations. If we are unable to repair malfunctioning machinery in a timely manner or at all, our operations may need to be suspended until we procure machinery to replace such malfunctioning machinery. In addition, we may be required to carry out planned shutdowns of our facilities for maintenance, statutory inspections and testing, or may shut down our facilities for capacity expansion and equipment upgrades. Any interruption to production at any of our facilities could significantly reduce our production volumes and consequently our sales revenue. There can be no assurance that there will not be any recurrence of such disruptions in our operations in the future. If we are unable to effectively respond to such events and rectify any disruption in a timely manner and at an acceptable cost, such events could lead to the slowdown or shutdown of our operations or the under-utilization of our manufacturing facilities. 

**_<mark>33. Information relating to estimated installed capacities of our manufacturing facilities is based on various assumptions and estimates and actual production may differ significantly from such estimated capacities.</mark>_** 

The requirements of our customers are not restricted to one type of product and therefore variations in demand for certain types of products also requires us to make certain changes in our manufacturing processes thereby affecting our production schedules. We often increase capacity to meet the anticipated demand of our customers or significantly reduce production of certain products depending on potential orders. Therefore, there could be a significant difference in the installed capacity and the production of our products due to the variety of products that we manufacture. Certain products require lesser process time whereas certain products require more process time in the same manufacturing set-out that we have installed. 

Therefore, the information provided in this DRHP on installed capacities and the data on actual production may differ significantly. For further details, see the section titled “ _Our Business_ ” on page 125. 

**_34. The installed capacity of our manufacturing Units has not been fully utilized and could impair our ability to fully absorb fixed costs._** 

The installed capacity of manufacturing units is the maximum productive capacity according to the manufacturers’ specification of machines / equipment whereas, our licensed capacity is the approved production capacity of our manufacturing units by pollution control authorities. Our utilised capacity signifies the volume of production achieved in relation to installed capacity and licenced capacity whichever is less. 

34 

Presently licensed capacity of our furnace mill operations is 3,43,200 MTPA which is more than installed capacity i.e. 95,832 MTPA. For our piping mill unit, approval from state pollution control board is not required since it is covered under schedule IV and II of Water (Prevention and Control Pollution) Rules 1994 and Air (Prevention and Control Pollution) Rules 1994, respectively. Presently, the installed capacity of our Piping mill unit is 84,000 MTPA and after the expansion of the proposed pipe mills, its installed capacity would increase to 1,32,000 MTPA. Hence, the Company will be able to fully deploy the funds towards the proposed capital expenditure. 

The installed capacity of our manufacturing Units have not been fully utilized, over the last three financial years since the licenced capacity was less than the installed capacity. If we are unable to utilise optimum level of our installed capacity of our manufacturing facilities in the future this could affect our cost and profitability and thereby adversely affect the financial condition of our Company. For further details of our production and capacity utilization, please see the section titled “ _Our Business_ ” on page 136. 

**_35. Our Company is dependent on third party transportation providers for the supply of raw materials and delivery of our products and any disruption in their operations or a decrease in the quality of their services could affect our Company's reputation and results of operations_** _._ 

Our Company uses third party transportation providers for the supply of our raw materials and delivery of our products to our domestic customers. Though, our business has not experienced any disruptions due to transportation strikes in the past, any future transportation strikes may have an adverse effect on the supplies from our suppliers and deliveries to our customers. These transportation facilities may not be adequate to support our existing and future operations. In addition, raw materials and products maybe lost or damaged in transit for various reasons including occurrence of accidents or natural disasters. There may also be delay in delivery of raw materials and products which may also affect our business and results of operation. An increase in the freight costs or unavailability of freight for transportation may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Further, disruptions of transportation services due to weather-related problems, strikes, lockouts, inadequacies in the road infrastructure and port facilities, or other events could impair the supply raw materials to our Units and our products to our customers. Any such disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_36. We depend on our distribution network to sell our Products to our customers and our inability to manage our distributors and dealers could hamper our business, financial condition and our results of operations._** 

We rely to a significant extent on the relationships we have with our third-party distributors and dealers, as they lay a significant role in enhancing customer awareness of our products and maintaining our brand name. As of January 31, 2022, we had over 200 distributors and dealers mainly in Southern India. We may not be able to effectively manage our existing distribution network as we do not have any long-term contracts with any of our dealers. We are also exposed to the risk of our dealers failing to obtain requisite licenses and selling permissions or adhering to the standards in respect of sales and after-sales service in their direct contacts with customers, which in turn could adversely affect our customers’ perception of our brand and products. In addition, although we provide certain incentive schemes to our dealers, we may not be able to effectively implement them across our network. If our competitors provide more favourable incentives, our distributors and dealers may be persuaded to decline to distribute our products and promote the products of our competitors instead and we may be unable to appoint a replacement in their place in a timely manner. In addition, any failure to provide our distributors and dealers with sufficient inventories of our products may lead to a reduction in the sales of our products. We seek to increase the penetration of our products by expanding our distributors and dealer network targeted at different customer groups and geographies. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully identify or appoint new dealers. Our competitors may have exclusive arrangements with certain dealers who may be unable to stock and distribute our products, which may limit our ability to expand our distribution network as we typically do not have exclusive arrangements with our dealers. If we are unable to effectively manage our distribution network, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

**_37. Our business and profitability will suffer if we fail to anticipate and develop new value added products and enhance existing products in order to keep pace with rapid changes in customer preferences and the industry on which we focus._** 

35 

To compete successfully in the industry, we must be able to identify and respond to changing demands and preferences, as well as operate within substantial production and delivery constraints. Changes in product mix impacts our operating results and our margins. We cannot assure you that our products will always gain buyer acceptance and we will always be able to achieve competitive products to meet customer expectations. Failure to identify and respond to changes in consumer preferences could, among other things, limit our ability to differentiate our products, adversely affect consumer acceptance of our products, and lower sales and gross margins. Further, products, that are developed by our competitors may render our offerings uncompetitive or force us to reduce prices, thereby adversely affecting our margins. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

**_38. The outbreak of Novel Coronavirus, or outbreak of any other severe communicable disease could have a potential impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

In late calendar 2019, COVID-19, commonly known as “novel coronavirus” was first reported in Wuhan, China. Since then the virus has progressively spread globally to many countries. The World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak as a health emergency of international concern on January 30, 2020 and thereafter categorised the outbreak as a pandemic on March 11, 2020. In order to contain the spread of COVID-19 virus, the Government of India initially announced a 21-day lockdown on March 24, 2020, which, after being subject to successive extensions, certain restrictions were relaxed from June 8, 2020 and continue to be relaxed till date in a phased manner by both the Central and State Governments. During the duration of the lockdown, there were several restrictions in place including travel restrictions and directive to all citizens to not move out of their respective houses unless essential. Whilst the lockdown required private, commercial and industrial establishments to remain closed, manufacturing units of essential commodities were permitted to be functional. Manufacturing at our Units were shut down temporarily for some days in the beginning of the lockdown. During the initial stages of the lockdown we faced limited availability of labour, supply chain constraints and logistical problems, thereby causing our Unit I to operate at a sub-optimal capacity in the month of April, 2020. We also faced limitation on transportation of our products from Unit I and the operation of our offices and branches were also adversely affected amidst the lockdown and public transport restrictions. Our county has also faced two waves of Covid 19 and there is an imminent possibility of a third wave. There is no certainty if additional restrictions will be put back in place or if another lockdown would be imposed to control the spread of the pandemic. We cannot assure you that we may not face any difficulty in our operations due to such restrictions and such prolonged instances of lockdown may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, our ability to ensure the safety of our workforce and continuity of operations while confirming with measures implemented by the central and state governments in relation to the health and safety of our employees may result in increased costs. In the event a member or members of our senior management team contract COVID-19, it may potentially affect our operations. Further, in the event any of our employees contract COVID-19, we may be required to quarantine our employees and shut down a part of or the entire manufacturing facility or our offices, as may be necessary. Risks arising on account of COVID-19 can also threaten the safe operation of our facility, offices, loss of life, injuries and impact the well-being of our employees. 

The ultimate impact will depend on a number of factors, many of which are outside our control. These factors include the duration, severity and scope of the pandemic, the impact of the pandemic on economic activity in Southern India, the eventual level of infections in India or in the regions in which we operate, and the impact of any actions taken by governmental bodies or health organisations (whether mandatory or advisory) to combat the spread of the virus. These risks could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_39. We are exposed to the risks of significant breaches of data security, and malfunctions or disruptions of information technology systems._** 

We have deployed information technology systems and accounting system (ERP software) that helps to integrate and  support our business processes, including sales, order processing, production, procurement, inventory management, quality control, product costing, human resources, distribution and finance. Our ERP software is under annual maintenance contract for providing regular IT support and also ensure regular updates resulting in smooth running of the software. Although we carry out periodic security checks, these systems may be potentially vulnerable to data security breaches, whether by employees or others, which may result in unauthorized persons getting access to sensitive data. Though there have been no instances of security breaches in the past, inability to prevent such data security breaches in future could lead to the loss of trade secrets and the data related to our products and other proprietary information could be compromised. 

36 

These systems are also susceptible to outages due to fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, natural disasters, computer viruses or malware, break-ins and similar events. Effective response to such disruptions or malfunctions will require effort and diligence on the part of our third-party distribution partners and employees to avoid any adverse effect to our information technology systems. 

**_40. Any adverse revision to our credit rating by rating agencies may adversely affect our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such funding is available._** 

Currently, our borrowing facilities availed from the bank are rated by a credit rating agency. The credit ratings assigned by CRISIL Limited to bank facilities availed by our Company for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 have been mentioned below: 

|**Type of credit rating**|**Fiscal 2022**|**Fiscal 2021**|**Fiscal 2020**|
|---|---|---|---|
|Long - term rating|CRISIL BBB+/ Stable<br>(Upgraded<br>from<br>‘CRISIL BBB/ Stable’)|CRISIL BBB/ Stable<br>(Assigned; Suspension<br>Revoked|CRISIL BBB/ Stable<br>(Assigned; Suspension<br>Revoked|
|Short - term rating|CRISIL A2 (Upgraded<br>from ‘CRISIL A3+’)|CRISIL A3+|CRISIL A3+ (Assigned;<br>Suspension Revoked|



Though the ratings have not been downgraded in the past three years, any downgrade in our credit ratings by rating agencies in future may increase our costs of accessing funds in the capital markets and adversely affect our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such funding is available. This could have an adverse effect on our business and future financial performance, our ability to obtain financing for capital expenditures or other purposes and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

**_41. Industry information included in this Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from the Company commissioned Marketysers Global Consulting Industry Report._** 

This Red Herring Prospectus includes information from the updated Company commissioned Marketysers Global Consulting Industry Report titled “ _India Steel & Steel Products Analysis & Forecast, 2026_ ” dated February 10, 2022, which has been exclusively prepared for the purpose of the issue and is commissioned and paid-for by our Company. Marketysers Global Consulting LLP has advised that, while it has taken due care and caution in preparing its report based on public information and industry and statistical data information obtained from sources which it considers reliable, it does not guarantee the adequacy or completeness of such information and is not liable for any loss or damage suffered because of reliance on the information contained in the report. The Company commissioned Marketysers Global Consulting Industry Report highlights certain industry and market data relating to our Company and our Competitors. Such data is subject to many assumptions. Further, such assumptions may change based on various factors. The assumptions of Marketysers Global Consulting has been obtained from sources generally believed to be reliable, but their completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed. Prospective investors are advised not to rely unduly on the Company commissioned Marketysers Global Consulting Industry Report when making their investment decisions. 

**_42. Our Company has in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future. There can be no assurance that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our Company has entered into related party transactions with our Promoters and Promoter Group Entities in the past. While our Company believes that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis and are accounted as per Accounting Standard 24, however there can be no assurance that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions not been entered into with related parties. Furthermore, it is likely that we may enter into related party transactions in the future. There can be no assurance that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

For further details please refer to the section titled ‘ _Restated Financial Statements – Note 31 –Related Party Transactions and Disclosures_ ’ beginning on page 177 of the Red Herring Prospectus. 

37 

**_43. Our agreements with financial institutions for financial arrangements contain restrictive covenants for certain activities and if we are unable to get their approval, it might restrict our scope of activities and impede our growth plans._** 

We have entered into agreements for short term and long-term borrowings with certain financial institutions. These agreements include restrictive covenants which mandate certain restrictions in terms of our business operations such as to obtain either the prior written consent of such financial institutions or require us to give prior written intimation to such lenders, prior to, amongst other circumstances, giving corporate guarantee/ financial guarantee for the credit facilities availed by group/allied concerns; declaration or payment of dividend in cases when interest/overdues are outstanding; undertake any new project or expansion; entering any borrowing arrangement either secured or unsecured with any other bank or financial institution or company; invest by way of share capital or lend funds or place deposits with any associate/ allied/ sister/ any other concern; change in capital structure of our Company; revaluation of fixed assets of our Company; alienate or encumber the property secured with lender; formulation of any scheme of amalgamation or reconstruction; change in accounting policies with regard to stock valuation, depreciation of fixed assets, etc.; enter into any hire purchase or lease agreement; withdraw any monies brought in as loans, deposits, capital, etc. by our Promoters, our Directors or their relatives or friends; and undertake any guarantee obligation on behalf of any third party or any other company. Our ability to execute business plans, including our ability to obtain additional financing on terms and conditions acceptable to us, could be negatively impacted as a result of these restrictions and limitations. In the event of breach of a restrictive covenant, our lender could deem us to be in default and seek early repayment of loans. An event of default would also affect our ability to raise new funds or renew borrowings as needed for the smooth conduct of our operations and pursue our growth initiatives. Although we have received consent from our lender for the Issue, we cannot assure you that we will be able to receive such consents in future for other growth plans. For further details, please refer to the section ‘ _Financial Indebtedness_ ’ beginning on page 280 of the Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_44. Our Promoters and Directors have provided personal guarantees for our loans and any failure or default by us to repay such loans in accordance with the terms and conditions of the financing documents could trigger repayment obligations, which may adversely affect our Promoters’ ability to manage our affairs._** 

Our Company has availed loans and facilities in the ordinary course of its business for inter alia meeting working capital requirements and capital expenditure. Our Promoters and Directors, Rupesh Kumar Gupta and Sailesh Gupta and one of our Directors, Sunita Gupta have given personal guarantees in relation to certain of our loans. For further details, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” and “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group_ ” on pages 280 and 169, respectively. Our Promoters and Directors may continue to provide such guarantees and other security post listing. In case of a default under our loan agreements, any of the guarantees provided by our Promoters and Directors may be invoked, which could negatively impact the reputation and net worth of our Promoters and Directors. In addition, our Promoters and Directors may be required to liquidate their shareholding in our Company to settle the claims of the lenders, thereby diluting their shareholding in our Company. Furthermore, in the event that our Promoters withdraw or terminate their guarantees, our lenders for such facilities may ask for alternate guarantees, repayment of amounts outstanding under such facilities, or even terminate such facilities. We may not be successful in procuring guarantees satisfactory to the lenders, and as a result may need to repay outstanding amounts under such facilities or seek additional sources of capital, which could affect our financial condition and cash flows. 

**_45. We cannot assure you that we will be able to secure adequate financing in the future on acceptable terms, in time, or at all. Our failure to obtain sufficient financing could result in delay or abandonment of our business plans and this may have an adverse effect on our growth and operations._** 

We may require additional funds in connection with future business expansion and development initiatives. In addition to the net proceeds of this Issue and our internal accruals, we may need other sources of funding to meet these requirements, which may include entering into new debt facilities with lending institutions. If we decide to raise additional funds through the issuance of debt, our interest obligations will increase, and we may be subject to additional covenants. Such financing could cause our debt to equity ratio to increase or require us to create charges or liens on our assets in favour of lenders. We cannot assure you that we will be able to secure adequate financing in the future on acceptable terms, in time, or at all. Our failure to obtain sufficient financing could result in delay or abandonment of our business plans and this may have an adverse effect on our future growth and operations. 

38 

**_46. Our operations are subject to high working capital requirements. Our inability to obtain and / or maintain sufficient cash flow, credit facilities and other sources of funding in a timely manner to meet our requirements of working capital or payment of our debts, could adversely affect our operations._** 

Our business requires significant amount of working capital. We require significant amount of our working capital for purchasing key raw materials which are sourced through the MSTC bidding portal for Iron Ore. Further, our Products have a credit cycle of 15 to 71 days which form a part of our working capital requirements. Though, presently we have sanctioned working capital limits from the existing banker and one of the Objects of the Issue is to meet our future working capital requirements, we may need additional debt in the future to satisfy our working capital needs. All these factors may result in increase in the quantum of our current assets and short-term borrowings. Our inability to obtain and / or maintain sufficient cash flow, credit facilities and other sources of funding, in a timely manner, to meet our working capital requirements, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

**_47. Our Promoters, certain of our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel have interests in us other than reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration or benefits_** . 

Our Promoters, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel may be deemed to be interested to the extent of Equity Shares held by them and by members of our Promoter Group, as well as to the extent of any dividends, bonuses or other distributions on such Equity Shares. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters and certain members of our Promoter Group hold majority of the issued, subscribed and paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. Upon completion of the Issue, our Promoters and certain members of the Promoter Group together will continue to exercise significant control over us, which will enable them to vote together in capacity as shareholders of our Company on certain matters in general meetings of our Company. Accordingly, the interests of our Promoters and certain members of the Promoter Group in their capacity as shareholders of our Company may conflict with your interests and the interests of other shareholders of the Company. For further details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ”, “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group_ ” and “ _Our Management_ ” on pages 64, 169 and 154, respectively. 

**_48. Our Promoters and Promoter Group will continue to retain significant control in our Company after the Issue, which will allow them to influence the outcome of matters submitted to shareholders for approval. Such a concentration of ownership may also have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control._** 

After the completion of this Issue, our Promoters and Promoter Group will continue to hold significant shareholding in our Company. As a result, our Promoters and Promoter Group will continue to exercise significant control over us, including being able to control the composition of our Board of Directors and determine decisions requiring simple or special majority voting, and our other shareholders will be unable to affect the outcome of such voting. Our Promoters and Promoter Group may take or block actions with respect to our business, which may conflict with our interests or the interests of our minority shareholders, such as actions which delay, defer or cause a change of our control or a change in our capital structure, merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us, or which discourage or encourage a potential acquirer from making a tender Issue or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. We cannot assure you that our Promoter and Promoter Group will act in our interest while exercising their rights in such entities, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. We cannot assure you that our Promoters and Promoter Group will act to resolve any conflicts of interest in our favour. If our Promoters and Promoter Group sells a substantial number of the Equity Shares in the public market, or if there is a perception that such sale or distribution could occur, the market price of the Equity Shares could be adversely affected. No assurance can be given that such Equity Shares that are held by the Promoter will not be sold any time after the Issue, which could cause the price of the Equity Shares to decline. 

**_49. Our Group Companies have incurred losses in the past, which may have an adverse effect on our reputation and business._** 

The following companies, being our Group Companies, incurred a loss after tax as detailed below. For further details, see _“Our Group Companies”_ on page 173. 

||||_(₹ in Lakhs)_|
|---|---|---|---|
|**Name of Group Company**||**Profit / (loss)**||
||**2021**|**2020**|**2019**|
|AnshCommercePrivateLimited|(0.12)|(0.11)|(0.38)|



39 

|**Name of Group Company**||**Profit / (loss)**||
|---|---|---|---|
||**2021**|**2020**|**2019**|
|Reo SolutionsPrivateLimited|(0.12)|(0.12)|(0.10)|



**_50. Certain filings of our Company under the Companies Act have been filed post the prescribed date of filing. There may also be certain inadvertent errors in these filings._** 

Certain filings of our Company under the Companies Act, including those in relation to issue and allotment of Equity Shares, changes in our management and such other filings have been filed post the prescribed date of filing under the Companies Act. There may also be instances where there are inadvertent errors in secretarial records and filings. We cannot assure you that these filings and errors will not be subject to any penalties imposed by the relevant authority in this respect. 

# **_51. Increasing employee compensation in India may reduce our Company’s profit margins._** 

Increase in compensation levels in India may negatively affect our profit margins. Employee compensation in India is currently increasing which could result in increased costs of production. Our Company may need to continue to increase levels of employee compensation to manage attrition. Any increases in the amount of compensation paid to our Company’s employees could have a significant effect on our costs, which may affect our position in our industry and have a material adverse effect on our business and financial operations. 

**_52. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements and capital expenditures and are also prohibited by the terms of our financing arrangements._** 

Our Company has paid dividend for the Fiscal 2019. The amount of our future dividend payments, if any, will depend upon factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our results of future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditures, applicable Indian legal restrictions and other factors. There can be no assurance that our Company will be able to pay dividends. 

**_53. Our insurance cover may not adequately protect us against all material hazards and accidents._** 

Our operations are subject to accidents which are inherent to any manufacturing process such as risks of equipment failure, worker accidents, fire, earthquakes, flood and other force majeure events, acts of terrorism and explosions including accidents that may cause injury and loss of life, severe damage to and the destruction of property and equipment and environment. We may also be subject to product liability claims if the products that we manufacture are not in compliance with regulatory standards and the terms of our contractual arrangements. Our principal types of coverage for our business and operations include specific policies for manufacturing, storage of our products at various locations, transportation and such others. Our insurance policies include standard fire and special perils policy, machinery breakdown insurance policy, electronic equipment insurance policy, and certain vehicle insurance policies. As on September 30, 2021, March 31, 2021, March 31, 2020, March 31, 2019, we maintained insurance coverage of  ₹ 9352.70 lakhs, ₹ 9,352.70 lakhs, ₹ 8,054.23 lakhs and ₹ 8,335.33 lakhs which is 58.46%, 67.30%, 73.87% and 101.86%, respectively. of our total tangible assets and inventories. Further, our insurance policies may not be sufficient to cover the economic loss that we may have to suffer due to an unfortunate incident. While we believe that the insurance coverage which we maintain would be reasonably adequate to cover the normal risks associated with the operation of our business, to the extent that we suffer loss or damage for events for which we are not insured or for which our insurance is inadequate or which exceeds our insurance coverage, the loss would have to be borne by us, and as a result, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

For further details, see the section titled “ _Our Business — Insurance_ ” on page 142. 

**_54. Any changes in regulations or applicable government incentives would materially adversely affect our Company’s operations and growth prospects._** 

Our Company is subject to regulations in India. Our Company’s business and prospects could be adversely affected by changes in any of these regulations and policies, or if any or all of the incentives currently available cease to be, including the introduction of new laws, policies or regulations or changes in the interpretation or application of existing laws, policies and regulations. There can be no assurance that our 

40 

Company will succeed in obtaining all requisite approvals in the future for its operations or that compliance issues will not be raised in respect of its operations, either of which would have a material adversely affect on our Company’s operations and financial results. For further details, please refer to the chapter titled ‘ _Key Regulations and Policies in India_ ’ beginning on page 144 of the Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_55. The Objects of the Issue for which funds are being raised have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. The deployment of funds is entirely at the discretion of our management and as per the details mentioned in the section titled “Objects of the Issue”. Any revision in the estimates may require us to reschedule our expenditure and may have a bearing on our expected revenues and earnings._** 

Our funding requirements and the deployment of the proceeds of the Issue are purely based on our management’s estimates and have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. Our Company may have to revise such estimates from time to time on account of various factors  such as our financial and market condition, business and strategy, competition, negotiation with suppliers, variation in cost estimates on account of factors, including changes in design or configuration of the equipment and other external factors including changes in the price of the equipment due to variation in commodity prices which may not be within the control of our management Our estimates may exceed the value and may require us to reschedule our expenditure which may have a bearing on our expected revenues and earnings. Further, the deployment of the funds towards the Objects of the Issue is entirely at the discretion of our management. However a, Monitoring Agency, will be appointed in compliance with SEBI ICDR Regulations for monitoring the utilisation of the Net Proceeds and the Board after consideration and approval by the Audit Committee will disclose the utilisation of Net Proceeds under separate head in our balance sheet along with relevant details for all sum amounts that have not been utilized. Our Company will issue a disclosure to the Stock Exchanges, on a quarterly basis, deviations, if any, in the Use of Proceeds of the Issue from the Objects stated in the Red Herring Prospectus or by way of an explanatory statement to the notice for a general meeting. 

**_56. We may not be able to avail funding from banks or financial institution for our future working capital requirements. The failure to obtain such financing may adversely affect our ability to grow and our future profitability._** 

Our working capital requirement for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2023 is estimated at ₹ 7,969 lakhs and ₹ 15,401 lakhs. Further, an amount of ₹ 4,000 lakhs towards working capital requirement will be funded out of the Issue Proceeds which will be utilized during Fiscal 2023 towards our Company’s working capital requirements and the balance would be arranged from our internal accruals and/or loan funds. Our Company will not be able to utilize Net Proceeds during Fiscal 2022 since we may not be able to receive Net Proceeds out of Issue in Fiscal 2022 as per indicative time table in respect of the Issue. For further details of indicative time table in respect of the Issue, see, “ _Terms of the Issue - Bid/ Issue Programme_ ” on page 299. Our Company cannot assure you that we will be able to raise such financing on acceptable terms in a timely manner or at all. Our failure to renew existing funding or to obtain financing on acceptable terms and in a timely manner could materially and adversely impact our planned capital expenditure, which, in turn, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_57. Our Company is yet to place orders the plant and machinery for the proposed setting up two additional Pipe Mills to increase our production capacity._** 

Our Company has received third party quotations for proposed expansion by setting up two additional Pipe Mills. For details please see, “Objects of the Issue” on page 81 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Although, we have identified the type of plant and machinery to be purchased for the proposed expansion, we are yet to place order for the plant and machinery worth. The cost of the machineries (including civil and electrical work) is based on the quotations received from suppliers and such quotations are subject to change due to various factors such as, change in supplier of equipment, change in the government regulations and policies, change in management’s view of desirability of the current plans, possible cost overruns, etc. Since, we have not yet placed orders for our plant and machinery we cannot assure that we will be able to procure the same in a timely manner and at the same price at which the quotations have been received. As a result our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 

**_58. Unsecured loans of ₹151.66 lakhs outstanding as on January 31, 2022, taken by our Company from Promoters and Directors can be recalled at any time._** 

41 

The unsecured loans of ₹ 151.66 lakhs outstanding as on January 31, 2022, taken by our Company from our Promoters and Directors may be recalled by the lenders at any time. Any failure to service such indebtedness, or otherwise perform any obligations under such financing arrangement may incur penalties and acceleration of payments, which may affect our Company. For further details, please refer to the chapter titled ‘ _Financial Indebtedness_ ’ beginning on page 280 of the Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_59. We have issued Equity Shares during the last one year at a price that may be below the Issue Price._** 

During the last one year we have issued Equity Shares at a price that may be lower than the Issue Price. For further details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 64. The prices at which Equity Shares have been issued by us in last one year should not be taken to be indicative of the Price Band, Issue Price and the trading price of our Equity Shares after listing. 

# **EXTERNAL RISK** 

# **_60. A slowdown in economic growth in India could adversely affect our business._** 

The structure of the Indian economy has undergone considerable changes in the last decade. These include increasing importance of external trade and of external capital flows. Any slowdown in the growth of the Indian economy or the agrochemical business or agricultural sectors or any future volatility in global commodity prices could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. India’s economy could be adversely affected by a general rise in interest rates, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, adverse conditions affecting agriculture, commodity and electricity prices or various other factors. Further, conditions outside India, such as slowdowns in the economic growth of other countries, could have an impact on the growth of the Indian economy and government policy may change in response to such conditions. The Indian economy and financial markets are also significantly influenced by worldwide economic, financial and market conditions. Any financial turmoil, especially in the United States, Europe or China or Asian emerging market countries, may have an impact on the Indian economy. Although economic conditions differ in each country, investors’ reactions to any significant developments in one country can have adverse effects on the financial and market conditions in other countries. A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems, particularly in other emerging markets, may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets, and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_61. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, pandemic and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighboring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

**_62. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of tax laws, in the jurisdictions in which we operate may adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our business is subject to various laws and regulations, which are evolving and subject to change. For details, see _“Key Regulations and Policies in India”_ on page 144. We are also subject to corporate, taxation and other laws in effect in India, which require continued monitoring and compliance. These laws and regulations and the way in which they are implemented and enforced may change. There can be no assurance that future legislative or regulatory changes will not have any adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

42 

**_63. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as IFRS and US GAAP, which may be material to investors’ assessments of our financial condition, result of operations and cash flows._** 

Our financial statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus are prepared and presented in conformity with Ind AS, in each case restated in accordance with the requirements the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note on “Reports in Company Prospectuses (Revised 2016)” issued by the ICAI. Ind AS differs from other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries, such as IFRS and U.S. GAAP. As a result, the Restated Financial Statements prepared under Ind AS for the period Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019 may not be comparable to our historical financial statements. Accordingly, the degree to which the Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices should limit their reliance on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_64. We may be affected by competition law in India and any adverse application or interpretation of the Competition Act could adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act regulates practices that have or are likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India and provides for the establishment of CCI as the nodal authority for monitoring, enforcement and implementation of competition law in India. The Competition Act seeks to regulate anti-competitive agreements, abuse of dominance and combinations and came into effect in a phased manner with provisions relating to anti-competitive agreements and abuse of dominance on May 20, 2009 and merger control provisions on June 1, 2011. Under the Competition Act, arrangements, understandings or actions in concert, whether formal or informal, which cause or are likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition are considered void and attract substantial penalties. Any agreement among competitors which, directly or indirectly, involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or provision of services, shares the market or source of production or provision of services by way of allocation of geographical area of market, or type of goods or services or number of customers in the market or, directly or indirectly, results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding, is presumed to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition. The Competition Act prohibits abuse of a dominant position by an enterprise or a group. In relation to merger control, an acquisition of shares, assets, voting rights or control of one or more enterprises or merger or amalgamation of enterprises, where certain prescribed assets or turnover thresholds are crossed, will need to comply with the merger control provisions contained under the Competition Act and the Competition Commission of India (Procedure in regard to the transaction of business relating to combinations) Regulations, 2011 and will require prior notification to, and approval of, the CCI. The CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination taking place outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has or is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. However, there can be no assurance as to the impact of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements that we have entered or will enter into. We are not subject to any outstanding proceedings, nor have we received any notice from the CCI in relation to non-compliance with the provisions of the Competition Act or the agreements we have entered into. However, if we are affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI or if any prohibition or substantial penalties are levied under the Competition Act, it could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_65. COVID-19 or the outbreak of any other severe communicable disease could have a potential impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

COVID-19 or the outbreak of any other severe communicable disease could adversely affect the overall business sentiment and environment, particularly if such outbreak is inadequately controlled. The spread of any severe communicable disease may also adversely affect the operations of our customers and suppliers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in authorities implementing several measures such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines and shutdowns. These measures have impacted and may further impact our workforce and operations, the operations of our customers, and those of our respective vendors and suppliers. There is currently substantial medical uncertainty regarding COVID-19 and no government-certified treatment or vaccine is available yet. A rapid increase in severe cases of infections and subsequent deaths where measures 

43 

taken by governments fail or are lifted prematurely, may cause significant economic disruption in India and in the rest of the world. The scope, duration and frequency of such measures and the adverse effects of COVID-19 remain uncertain and could be severe. Our ability to meet our ongoing disclosure obligations might be adversely affected, despite our best efforts. If any of our employees were suspected of contracting COVID-19 or any other epidemic disease, this could require us to quarantine some or all of these employees or disinfect the facilities used for our operations. In addition, our revenue and profitability could be impacted to the extent that a natural disaster, health epidemic or other outbreak harms the Indian and global economy in general. The outbreak has significantly increased economic uncertainty. It is likely that the current outbreak or continued spread of COVID-19 will cause an economic slowdown and it is possible that it could cause a global recession. The spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices (including employee travel, employee work locations, and cancellation of physical participation in meetings, events and conferences), and we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or steps on what we believe would be in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners, and suppliers. There is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the outbreak, and our ability to perform critical functions could be harmed. The extent to which the COVID-19 further impacts our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions taken globally to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. Existing insurance coverage may not provide protection for all costs that may arise from all such possible events. We are still assessing our business operations and system supports and the impact COVID-19 may have on our results and financial condition, but there can be no assurance that this analysis will enable us to avoid part or all of any impact from the spread of COVID-19 or its consequences, including downturns in business sentiment generally or in our sector in particular. The degree to which COVID-19 impacts our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of the outbreak, its severity, the actions taken to contain the outbreak or treat its impact, vaccination across the country and the world in general, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can normalize. The above risks can threaten the safe operation of our facilities and cause disruption of operational activities, environmental harm, loss of life, injuries and impact the wellbeing of our people. Further, muted economic growth could give rise to a recessionary economic scenario, in India and globally, which could adversely affect the business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition of our Company. 

# **RISKS RELATING TO THE EQUITY SHARES AND THE ISSUE** 

**_66. Investors bear the risk of fluctuations in the price of Equity Shares and there can be no assurance that a liquid market for our Equity Shares will develop following the listing of our Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges._** 

There has been no public market for our Equity Shares prior to the Issue. The purchase price of our Equity Shares in the Issue will be determined by our Company in consultation with the BRLM, pursuant to the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under in _“Basis for Issue Price”_ on page 92. This price may not necessarily be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares after the Issue is completed. You may not be able to re-sell your Equity Shares at or above the Issue price and may as a result lose all or part of your investment. 

Our Equity Shares are expected to trade on NSE and BSE after the Issue, but there can be no assurance that active trading in our Equity Shares will develop after the Issue, or if such trading develops that it will continue. Investors may not be able to sell our Equity Shares at the quoted price if there is no active trading in our Equity Shares. 

The price at which our Equity Shares will trade at after the Issue will be determined by the marketplace and may be influenced by many factors, including: 

- Our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows 

- The history and prospects for our business 

- An assessment of our management, our past and present operations and the prospects for as well as timing of our future revenues and cost structures 

- The valuation of publicly traded companies that are engaged in business activities similar to ours 

- quarterly variations in our results of operations 

- results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors 

- • results of operations that vary from those of our competitors 

44 

- changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by research analysts and investors 

- a change in research analysts’ recommendations 

- announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments 

- announcements of significant claims or proceedings against us 

- new laws and government regulations that directly or indirectly affecting our business 

- additions or departures of Key Management Personnel 

- changes in the interest rates 

- fluctuations in stock market prices and volume 

- • general economic conditions 

The Indian stock markets have, from time to time, experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have affected market prices for the securities of Indian companies. As a result, investors in our Equity Shares may experience a decrease in the value of our Equity Shares regardless of our financial performance or prospects. 

**_67. Any future issuance of Equity Shares by us or sales of Equity Shares by the Promoters could adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares and in the case of the issuance of Equity Shares by us result in the dilution of our then current shareholders._** 

As disclosed in _“Capital Structure”_ on page 64, an aggregate of 20% of our fully diluted post-Issue capital held by our Promoters shall be considered as minimum Promoters’ Contribution and locked in for a period of three (3) years and the balance Equity Shares held by the Promoters following the Issue (assuming all of the Issued Shares are sold in the Issue) will be locked-in for one (1) year from the date of Allotment in the Issue. Except for the customary lock-in on our ability to issue equity or equity-linked securities discussed in _“Capital Structure”_ on page 64, there is no restriction on our ability to issue Equity Shares. As such, there can be no assurance that our Company will not issue additional Equity Shares after the lock-in period expires or that the Promoters will not sell, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares after the lock-in periods expire. Future issuances of Equity Shares or convertible securities and the sale of the underlying Equity Shares could dilute the holdings of our Shareholders and adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. Such securities may also be issued at prices below the then trading price of our Equity Shares or the Issue Price. Sales of Equity Shares by the Promoters could also adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. 

**_68. You will not be able to immediately sell any of the Equity Shares you purchase in this Issue on the Stock Exchanges._** 

Under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, we are permitted to allot Equity Shares within four (4) Working Days of the Bid/Issue Closing Date. Consequently, the Equity Shares you purchase in the Issue may not be credited to your dematerialized account with the Depository Participants until fifth (5) Working Days after the Bid/Issue Closing Date. You can start trading in the Equity Shares only after they have been credited to your dematerialized account and listing and trading permissions are received from the Stock Exchanges. 

**_69. You may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of our Equity Shares._** 

Previously, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares on or before March 31, 2018 on a stock exchange held for more than 12 months was not subject to long term capital gains tax in India if Securities Transaction Tax (“STT”) was paid on the sale transaction and additionally, as stipulated by the Finance Act, 2017, STT had been paid at the time of acquisition of such equity shares on or after October 1, 2004, except in the case of such acquisitions of Equity Shares which are not subject to STT, as notified by the Central Government under notification no. 43/2017/F. No. 370142/09/2017-TPL on June 5, 2017. However, the Finance Act, 2018, now seeks to tax on such long-term capital gains exceeding ₹ 100,000 arising from sale of equity shares on or after April 1, 2018, while continuing to exempt the unrealised capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on such Equity Shares. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long-term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of STT, on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. 

45 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short-term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

**_70. QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Bidders can revise their Bids during the Bid/Issue Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Issue Closing Date. While we are required to complete Allotment, listing and commencement of trading pursuant to the Issue within six (6) Working Days from the Bid/ Issue Closing Date, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in our Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment, listing and commencement of trading. We may complete the Allotment, listing and commencement of trading of our Equity Shares even if such events occur and such events may limit the Bidders’ ability to sell our Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Issue or may cause the trading price of our Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

**_71. Foreign investors are subject to foreign investment restrictions under Indian laws which limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under the foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfers of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions) if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of Equity Shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not incompliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions, then the prior approval of the RBI will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert the Rupee proceeds from a sale of the Equity Shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India will require a no objection/tax clearance certificate from the income tax authority. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other Indian government agency can be obtained on any particular terms, or at all. 

**_72. We cannot assure payment of dividends on the Equity Shares in the future._** 

The amount of future dividend payments by us, if any, will depend on several factors, including but not limited to our earnings, capital requirements, contractual obligations, applicable legal restrictions and overall financial position. We may decide to retain all our earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business and therefore, we may choose not to declare dividends on the Equity Shares. For details, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 175. 

46 

