# **SECTION II – RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, the industry and segments in which we currently operate or propose to operate. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If any or a combination of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial, actually occur, our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. To obtain a complete understanding of our Company, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 137, 112 and 264, respectively, as well as the financial, statistical and other information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section, such as those relating to levels of consolidated indebtedness and our ability to comply with the covenants contained in the agreements that govern our indebtedness. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisers about the particular consequences to you of an investment in our Equity Shares. Unless otherwise indicated or context requires otherwise, the financial information included herein is derived from our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 included in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries. This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For details, see “ForwardLooking Statements” on page 18._ 

_Unless stated otherwise, industry and market data used in this section have been obtained or derived from publicly available information as well as industry publications and sources such as the “Industry Research Report on Bearings, Bearings Cages & Stampings Market” dated August 2022 (the “_ **_CARE Advisory Report_** _”), prepared and issued by CARE Advisory Research and Training Limited (“_ **_CARE Advisory_** _”), paid and commissioned by our Company for the purposes of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with the Offer. There are no material parts, data or information that have been left out or changed in any material manner. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the CARE Advisory Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year._ 

_Our financial year commences on April 1 and ends on March 31 of the subsequent year, and references to a particular financial year are to the 12 months ended March 31 of that year. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section._ 

# **INTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

# **_Risks relating our business_** 

# **1.** **_The Offer Price, market capitalization to revenue from operations multiple and price to earnings ratio based on the Offer Price of our Company may not be indicative of the market price of the Company on listing or thereafter._** 

Our revenue from operations and profit after tax for the year as per the Restated Consolidated Financial Statements for Fiscal 2022 was ₹ 13,214.81 million and ₹ 919.44 million, respectively and our market capitalization to revenue from operations (Fiscal 2022) multiple is [●] times at the upper end of the Price Band and our price to earnings ratio (based on the Restated Consolidated Financial Statements) is [●] at the upper end of the Price Band. Set forth below are the details of our price to earnings ratio and market capitalization to revenue from operations, at the upper end of Price Band: 

|**Particulars**|**Price to earnings ratio**<sup>*****</sup>|**Market capitalization to revenue from**<br>**operations**<sup>*****</sup>|
|---|---|---|
|For the year ended March 31, 2022|[●]|[●]|



_*At the upper end of the Price Band_ 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined on the basis of assessment of market demand for the Equity Shares offered through a book-building process, and certain quantitative and qualitative factors as set out in the section titled _“Basis for the Offer Price”_ on page 102 and the Offer Price, multiples and ratios may not be 

27 

indicative of the market price of the Company on listing or thereafter. Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. Any valuation exercise undertaken for the purposes of the Offer by our Company and the Promoter Selling Shareholders, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers, is not based on a benchmark with our industry peers. The relevant financial parameters based on which the Price Band would be determined, shall be disclosed in the advertisement that would be issued for publication of the Price Band. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, COVID-19 related or similar situations, announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us, volatility in the securities markets in India and other jurisdictions, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. As a result, the market price of the Equity Shares may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that you will be able to sell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

**2.** **_The current outbreak of COVID-19 has caused severe disruptions in the Indian and global economy. The continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, operating results, cash flows and/or financial condition is uncertain and cannot be predicted._** 

In late 2019, COVID-19 began spreading globally. In March 2020, the World Health Organization designated COVID19 as a pandemic, and numerous countries, including India, China and Romania (the countries where our Company has its manufacturing units), declared national emergencies in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic continues, with many countries, including the countries where we have our business operations, instituting quarantines and restrictions on travel, operations with reduced workforce, closing financial markets and/or restricting trading, and limiting the operations of non-essential businesses. 

In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Government of India (“ **GoI** ”) imposed a nationwide 21 day lockdown on March 24, 2020 from March 25, 2020 until April 14, 2020, which was subsequently extended until May 31, 2020. Further, from March 2021, there has been a substantial increase in the number of COVID-19 cases in India, which has led to additional lockdowns and movement restrictions in different places in India. 

We have adopted precautionary measures, including social distancing, compulsory usage of face masks, zero-touch interactions, stringent sanitization of our workplaces and aggressive vaccination drives. Going forward, the regulatory authorities may introduce further country-wide or regional lockdowns, quarantines, or social distancing mandates. Compliance with such mandates may disrupt our normal operations, supply chain for raw materials and reduce our revenue or increase our health and safety expenses and other costs. 

Unfavorable market conditions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and responses to it may also continue to affect us. The COVID-19 pandemic has affected and may continue to affect our business, results of operations and financial condition in a number of ways such as: 

- result in a complete or partial closure of, or disruptions or restrictions on our ability to carry out, our manufacturing operations. For example, our operations were disrupted, on account of the lockdown, at our Changodar Unit, Moraiya Unit and Aastha Unit from March 25, 2020 to end of May 2020, at our China Unit from January 24 2020 to February 6 2020 (this includes closure on account of new year in China). <mark>Further, our Indian, China and Romanian units had to be operated at reduced capacity due to the applicable social distancing norms. In Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, we incurred operational expenses directly attributable to the COVID-19 pandemic amounting to ₹ 0.46 million and ₹ 35.18 million, respectively, and sales and distribution expenses directly attributable to the COVID-19 pandemic, amounting to ₹ 0.00 million and ₹ 0.72 million, respectively.</mark> 

- impact our ability to enter into or complete material contracts and other business transactions including delay in delivery of our products to customers. For example, we have received force majeure notices from certain of our suppliers and customers on their inability to meet their obligations under the relevant contracts; 

- our inability to source key raw materials as a result of the temporary or permanent closure of the facilities of our key raw materials suppliers and disruptions in transportation of raw materials to our manufacturing units from our suppliers due to border restrictions imposed on account of the COVID-19. For example; on account of the lock down, our supply chain for raw material were disrupted and we had to make alternate arrangements for raw material procurement including establishing arrangements for direct procurement of our raw materials from steel mills this had an adverse impact on our inventory management and production; 

28 

- non-availability of labour, which could result in a slowdown of our operations and consequent delay in production timelines. For example, we had faced severe labour shortage at our manufacturing locations during the lockdown period which had an adverse impact on our production capability; 

- ability to successfully implement our capital expenditure plans in a timely and desired manner. We have also faced certain delays due to the COVID-19 pandemic in certain of our key business plans and operations, including overall delay in implementation of our capacity expansion plan for Fiscal 2021. Any delay, and cost overrun due to such delay, may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

- reduction in demand for our products due to disruption in operations at our customer premises. 

- Further, our solar EPC business may also be impacted by reduced interest from our customers in incurring additional capital expenditure and deferment of existing capital expenditure plans, affect adversely our ability to complete installation of solar projects due to unavailability of labour, disruption in supply chain, government restriction on movement of material as well as manpower, delay in receipt of government approvals due to government office remaining shut etc. 

We cannot predict the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our customers, suppliers, vendors and other business partners, and each of their financial conditions. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in significant disruption of global financial markets and increased levels of unemployment and economic uncertainty, which may adversely impact our business. Unfavorable market conditions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and responses to it may also continue to affect us. These developments may lead to significant negative impacts on customer spending, demand for our products, services, the ability of our customers to pay, our financial condition and the financial condition of our customers and suppliers. We may also face liquidity challenges should disruptions occur to our business and operations or if economic hardship for those we do business with results in delays or cancellation of orders or difficulties in collecting of certain accounts receivable, force majeure claims under existing contracts. Changes in liquidity or changes in our outlook for the market more generally may affect our growth plans. We had also availed of a loan moratorium under the RBI moratorium scheme pursuant to which our loan repayments towards our borrowing availed from RBL Bank, in relation to our engineering business, for an amount of ₹37.48 million was deferred for a period of two months, which was subsequently prepaid in full. Our loan repayments towards RBL Bank in relation to our solar EPC business, for an amount of ₹112.44 million, was deferred for a period of six months, which was subsequently prepaid in full. We had also availed of a moratorium from Exim Bank, in relation to our engineering business, for an amount of ₹70.00 million for a period of six months, which was subsequently prepaid in full. For Fiscal 2021, we had availed moratorium for restructuring, under the RBI moratorium scheme, in relation to our borrowings aggregating to 6.17% respectively, of our total borrowings as of March 31, 2021. There can be no assurance that the COVID-19 pandemic and its related effects will not affect our ability to meet our obligations under any contractual agreement with any other stakeholders including existing financial covenants going forward. 

The duration and extent of the impact from the COVID-19 pandemic depends on future developments that cannot be accurately predicted at this time, such as the future resurgence, severity and transmission rate of the virus, new variants of the virus, the extent and effectiveness of lockdowns and other containment actions, new vaccines and the timing and scale of their implementation in India and globally, and the impact that these and other factors have on our employees, customers, suppliers and partners. Such uncertainty precludes any prediction as to the ultimate adverse impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on economic and market conditions, demand for our products or our business results. The COVID-19 pandemic may have a continuing adverse impact on market conditions in India and globally and result in a period of global economic slowdown more broadly. The COVID-19 pandemic or the outbreak or threatened outbreak of any other severe communicable disease could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations and may also heighten the potential adverse effects of other risks described in these “ _Risk Factors_ ” have on the same. 

**3.** **_We depend on a limited number of customer groups for a significant portion of our revenue from engineering business. The loss of any of our major customer groups due to any adverse development or significant reduction in business from our major customer groups may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and future prospects._** 

We have in the past derived a significant portion of our revenue from engineering business from a limited number of customer groups and we may continue to derive a significant portion of our revenue from such customer groups. Our top five customer groups (excluding customers’ contributing to revenue from scrap sales), as per our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements, contributed to our revenue from operations from engineering business ₹ 9,323.39 million, ₹ 6,315.65 million and ₹ 6,426.31 million for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively, and constituted 70.55%, 72.28%, and 72.54%  of our revenue from operations for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. 

29 

As our business is currently concentrated to a select number of customer groups, any adverse development with such customer groups, including as a result of a dispute with or disqualification by such major customer group, may result in us experiencing significant reduction in our orders, revenue, cash flows and liquidity. If our customer groups are able to fulfil their requirements through captive or in house manufacturing or any of our existing or new competitors, providing products with better quality, lead time and / or cheaper cost, we may lose significant portion of our business. Additionally, consolidation of any of our customer groups may also adversely affect our existing relationships and arrangements with such customer groups, and any of our customer groups that are acquired may cease to continue the businesses that require products manufactured by us. Further, in the event our major customer groups face any form of adverse effect due to exigent circumstances (including shortages of power, coal and semi-conductors), resulting in a sustained decline in the demand for their products, including due to macroeconomic factors affecting the economy in general, could prompt them to reduce their production volumes, in turn affecting their demand for our products. For instance the COVID 19 pandemic has resulted in a decline in demand for the products manufactured by our major customer groups, our major customer groups significantly reducing their production levels, which in turn adversely affected our financial condition and results of operations. The volume and timing of sales to our major customer groups may also adversely vary due to variation in: (i) management of inventory levels; (ii) choices of raw materials for our products manufactured; (iii) bespoke requirements; (iv) product mix; (v) manufacturing strategy; and (vi) growth strategy. 

Furthermore, we do not have firm commitment in the form of long-term supply agreements with our customer groups and instead rely on purchase orders and long-term and short term framework agreements to govern the volume and other terms of our sales of products. Majority of the purchase orders we receive from our customer groups specify a price per unit and delivery schedule, and the quantities to be delivered are determined closer to the date of delivery. However, such purchase orders may be amended or cancelled prior to finalisation, and should such an amendment or cancellation take place, our production schedules or inventory levels may be adversely affected. Even in cases, where we have long-term framework agreements with customers, such agreements can be terminated by our customers with or without cause and with little or no form of compensation. There can be no assurance that upon expiry of the longterm framework agreements, our customers will re-enter into such agreements with us in a timely manner and at terms favourable to us or at all. Consequently, there is no commitment on the part of our major customer groups to continue to place new purchase orders with us and as a result, our cash flow and consequent revenue may fluctuate significantly from time to time. Further, we may not find any other customers for the surplus or excess capacity, in which case we may be forced to incur a loss. 

# **4.** **_We are dependent upon our network of agents for fulfilment of needs of our customers. Our inability to maintain our relationships with our agents or deficiency in the service provided by such agents may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cashflow and profitability._** 

We depend on our network of agents for, _inter alia_ , business development in certain jurisdictions, cargo handling, transportation, warehousing and delivery at the destination and load port for export cargo and import cargo respectively. For this purpose, we enter into memoranda and agreements with such agents, and such arrangements are generally for a specific period and generally renewable pursuant to mutual consent. We cannot provide assurance that such arrangements as aforesaid will continue to be successful or be renewed after expiry of the stipulated term. Any alteration to or termination of our current agreements with agents, any failure to enter into new and similar agreements on commercially favourable terms or at all, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, prospects or results of operations. As of March 31, 2022, we have a network of more than 20 <mark>agents globally.</mark> 

We have limited control over the operations and businesses of such agents in the event any such agents treat our competitors’ more favourably than us. Our competitors may also provide greater incentives to our agents, consequent to which our agents may choose to act only on behalf of our competitors instead of us. Also, while in the past we have not faced any significant instances wherein there have been any deficiencies in the services provided by our agents, we cannot assure you that such deficiencies will not arise in the services provided by our agents. As a result, our operations may be disrupted and our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Additionally, our reliance on, and inability to control such agents, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **5.** **_We are subject to various laws, regulations, approvals and licenses required in the ordinary course of business, including environmental, health and safety laws and other regulations. Any failure to obtain, renew or comply with necessary regulatory approvals and licenses may adversely affect our operations and have an impact on our financial condition._** 

Our business and operations are subject to a number of approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions for construction of our production units and operating our businesses and such production units, in addition to extensive government regulations for protection of the environment and occupational health and safety, and those governing the generation, transportation and disposal of, environmental pollutants or hazardous materials resulting from our production units. We may have either delayed, or made, or are in the process of making an application or renewal for 

30 

obtaining necessary approvals that are not in place or have expired. For details in relation approvals expired but not applied for, please see _“Government and Other Approvals - Material approvals required by our Company but not applied for”_ on page 299. We may need to apply for additional approvals including the renewal of approvals which may expire from time to time, in the ordinary course of business. 

We cannot assure you that the renewal or obtaining of certain of these approvals/ licences or the conditions suffixed to such approvals may be completed by us in a timely manner or at all, for us to not face or be subject to any adverse effect on our business plans and results of operations. In the event we fail to adhere to the conditionalities or obtain these approvals or renewals thereof, in a timely manner, or at all, we may be subjected to penalties, our business could be adversely affected and our production units may face an adverse effect resulting in a limitation to operate our production units at full capacity or at all. For example, in relation to our manufacturing unit at Changshu, China, penalties were imposed aggregating to ₹ 10.36 million (at a conversion rate of ₹ 11.97 per RMB as on March 31, 2022) in the past for violating certain provisions of environmental laws and work safety laws of China. 

For details in relation to pending litigations involving the Company, in respect of safety, health, environment and labour laws or any other law applicable to our Company, see section titled “ _Outstanding Litigations and Material Developments – Actions initiated by regulatory or statutory authorities_ ” on page 292 of this RHP. 

Additionally, we are subject to the terms and conditions stipulated under the approvals or licenses held by us, including the obligation to renew the approval or license at regular intervals as prescribed. The details of material licenses and approvals that are due to expire in the following three years, which may have a material impact on our business operations in case of non-renewal of the same, are provided below: 

|**License / Approval**|**Issuing Authority**|**Premises**|**Date of**<br>**issuance/renewal/**<br>**Application for**<br>**fresh approval**|**Date of expiry**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|PESO License|Petroleum<br>and<br>Explosives<br>Safety<br>Organisation<br>(PESO)|Changodar<br>Unit|December<br>14,<br>2021|December<br>31,<br>2024|
|No objection certificate issued<br>by the Central Ground Water<br>Authority for our manufacturing<br>facilities|Central<br>Ground<br>water Authority|Changodar<br>Unit|January 10, 2021|January 09, 2024|
|No objection certificate issued<br>by the Central Ground Water<br>Authority for our manufacturing<br>facilities|Central<br>Ground<br>water Authority|Moraiya Unit|December<br>29,<br>2020|December<br>28,<br>2023|
|Consent to operate issued by the<br>respective<br>pollution<br>control<br>board under the Air (Prevention<br>and Control of Pollution) Act,<br>1981, Water (Prevention and<br>Control of Pollution) Act, 1974<br>and Environmental Clearances<br>wherever applicable|GPCB|Moraiya Unit|March 31, 2018|January 23, 2023|
|Consent to operate issued by the<br>respective<br>pollution<br>control<br>board under the Air (Prevention<br>and Control of Pollution) Act,<br>1981, Water (Prevention and<br>Control of Pollution) Act, 1974<br>and Environmental Clearances<br>wherever applicable|GPCB|Changodar<br>Unit|December<br>28,<br>2017|September<br>9,<br>2023|
|Consent to operate issued by the<br>respective<br>pollution<br>control<br>board under the Air (Prevention<br>and Control of Pollution) Act,<br>1981, Water (Prevention and<br>Control of Pollution) Act, 1974<br>and Environmental Clearances<br>wherever applicable|GPCB|Aastha Unit|February 02, 2019|February<br>24,<br>2023|



31 

|**License / Approval**|**Issuing Aut**|**hority**|**Premises**|**Date of**<br>**issuance/renewal/**<br>**Application for**<br>**fresh approval**|**Date of expiry**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Factory License|Director<br>Industrial<br>and Health|of<br>Safety|Changodar<br>Unit|February 19, 2022|December<br>31,<br>2023|
|Factory License|Director<br>Industrial<br>and Health|of<br>Safety|Moraiya Unit|February 19, 2022|December<br>31,<br>2023|
|Authorisation<br>45/23.03.2020<br>issued for water management<br>authorisation|River<br>Olt<br>Basin<br>Administrati|Water<br>on|Romanian<br>Unit|March 23, 2020|March 23, 2025|



We have received demand notices from certain regulatory and statutory authorities in the past. For instance, we received a demand notice from the office of Superintendent of Stamps, Gujarat State, Gandhinagar vide its letter dated April 13, 2022, for payment of stamp duty of ₹ 9.19 million, further to the application for adjudication of stamp duty order pursuant to the Scheme of Amalgamation. As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has paid the stamp duty in full in accordance with the demand notice. Further, our subsidiary, Harsha Precision Bearing Components (China) Co. Ltd, received a notice dated June 4, 2022 from a regulatory authority in China, in relation to certain environment, health and safety related violations at its facility, imposing a penalty of ₹ 1.79 million (at a conversion rate of ₹ 11.97 per RMB as on March 31, 2022). As on date of this RHP, this penalty has been paid in full by the Company. Furthermore, our subsidiary, Harsha Precision Bearing Components (China) Co. Ltd,  has also received a letter from a regulatory authority in China dated May 24, 2022, in relation to non-performance of certain contract provisions pursuant to a land transfer contract agreement entered into with the regulatory authority. Harsha Precision Bearing Components (China) Co. Ltd has submitted its reply to this letter on June 21, 2022. For further details in relation to this matter, please see _“Legal and Other Information - Litigation involving our Subsidiaries”_ on page 295. If we fail to obtain or renew such approvals or comply with such laws and regulations, or the conditions of the licenses or approvals obtained by us, we could be subject to significant fines, penalties, costs, liabilities or restrictions on operations, which could negatively affect our financial condition. Any failure to comply with existing regulations, or any change in existing regulations, or introduction of any new regulations and compliance requirements, could subject us to penal actions including termination of our business and monetary fines and/or increase our compliance costs and in turn, adversely affect our business or results of operations. We also cannot assure you that the approvals, licenses, registrations or permits issued to us may not be suspended or revoked in the event of noncompliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. 

# **6.** **_We have recently completed a corporate reorganisation, pursuant to which we may face administrative and operational difficulties._** 

We have recently completed a corporate reorganisation in order to consolidate the Harsha Group’s India engineering & solar EPC business. Pursuant to the composite scheme of amalgamation and arrangement between Aastha Tools Private Limited (ATPL), Harsha Engineers (India) Private Limited (HEIPL), Harsha Engineers Limited (HEL), Helianthus Solar Power Private Limited (HSPPL) and our Company and their respective shareholders and creditors under section 230 to 232 read with sections 61 and 66 along with other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “ **Scheme** ” or “ **Business Reorganisation Scheme** ”). ATPL and HEIPL were merged into HEL with effect from the appointed date, April 1, 2020, and immediately thereafter, HEL and HSPPL (“ **Amalgamating Companies** ”) were merged into our Company pursuant to the Scheme with effect from the appointed date, April 01, 2020. The Scheme was sanctioned by the Ahmedabad bench of the National Company Law Tribunal through its order dated December 23, 2021 and all the businesses, undertakings, activities, properties, investments and liabilities of each of the Amalgamating Companies were transferred to and vested in our Company as per the Scheme with effect from April 1, 2020, being the appointed date. 

Pursuant to the Scheme, (i) the wholly owned Indian Subsidiaries of Harsha Engineering Limited (“ **HEL** ”) i.e., Aastha Tools Private Limited (“ **ATPL** ”) and Harsha Engineers (India) Private Limited (“ **HEIPL** ”) has merged into HEL; and (ii) the merged entity, HEL, and the wholly owned Indian Subsidiary of our Company, i.e., Helianthus Solar Power Private Limited. (“ **HSPPL** ”) has further merged into our Company. 

Pursuant to the Scheme, the wholly owned overseas Subsidiaries of HEL, i.e., Harsha Precision Bearing Components (China) Co. Ltd and Harsha Engineers B.V., and the step-down Subsidiary, Harsha Engineers Europe SRL have become wholly owned Subsidiaries and step-down Subsidiary, respectively, of our Company. The overseas subsidiary and joint venture of our Company i.e., (i) HASPL Americas Corporation; and (ii) Clenmax Harsha Solar LLP, continues to be subsidiary and joint venture, respectively, of our Company. As on date (i) Harsha Precision Bearing Components (China) Co. Ltd; (ii) Harsha Engineers B.V.; (iii) Harsha Engineers Europe SRL; and (iv) HASPL Americas Corporation; are the subsidiaries of our Company. Clenmax Harsha Solar LLP and Sunstream Green Energy 

32 

One Private Limited (formerly known as Eirene Naval Systems Private Limited) are Joint Venture and Associate of our Company, respectively. For further details, see “ _History and Other Corporate Matters – Material Acquisitions and Divestments_ ” on page 168. 

As part of the Scheme, we are required to undertake various procedural actions. Certain pending actions include (i) change of name or transfer of ownership in relation to all the approvals to the name of Harsha Engineers International Limited; (ii) change of name in relation to the trademark registrations; (iii) name change and change in ownership interest in foreign subsideries, including intimations to RBI in relation to unique identification number for overseas transcations. While we have made applications for the relevant name change or transfer in respect of material approvals with the concerned regulatory authority in accordance with applicable law, we cannot assure that the procedure will be completed in a timely manner and within the stipulated time period. Any such delay or failure in obtaining the relevant approvals in the name of Harsha Engineers International Limited may have an adverse impact on our business operations. For further details see “ _Government Approvals_ ” on page 298. 

Although there was no change of control after the Scheme, our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the Scheme will still depend, to a large extent, on our ability to integrate our businesses. The overall integration of the businesses may result in unanticipated difficulties, expenses, liabilities and refinancing risks and may disrupt our business. 

# **7.** **_We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which may adversely affect our results of operations and cause our quarterly results to fluctuate significantly._** 

We face foreign exchange rate risk to the extent that our revenue, expenses, assets or liabilities are denominated in a currency other than the Indian Rupee. We report our consolidated results of operations in Indian Rupees, while our Subsidiaries report their financial results in their respective local currencies. Our overall operations of our foreign subsidiaries are in foreign currency and a portion of our equipment purchases, a portion of our travelling, commission and spares purchases, a portion of our material costs, a portion of our interest cost and third party warehouse expenses are denominated in foreign currencies, while a significant portion of our revenue is also denominated in foreign currencies. For Fiscals 2022, 2021 and 2020, 63.02%, 65.30% and 62.68% of our revenue from operations and 33.15%, 36.16%, and 34.65% of our total expenses, as per our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements, were denominated in foreign currencies, respectively. Based on our geographical presence and business operations worldwide, we primarily deal in USD, Euro, RMB, JPY and RON. Our foreign currency exposures, exchange rate fluctuations between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies, especially the USD, Euro, RMB, JPY and RON, may have a material impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

We may suffer losses on account of foreign currency fluctuations for sale of our products to our international customers, since we may be able to revise the prices, for foreign currency fluctuations, only on a periodic basis and may not be able to pass on all losses on account of foreign currency fluctuations to our customers. While we seek to partly hedge our foreign currency risk by entering into forward exchange contracts and premium paid long term options contracts, any steps undertaken to hedge the risks on account of fluctuations in currencies may not adequately hedge against any losses we incur due to such fluctuations. Our net foreign exchange gain/(loss) for Fiscals 2022, 2021 and 2020, as per our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements was ₹ 150.65 million, ₹ <mark>(1.52) million, and</mark> ₹ <mark>85.84 million</mark> , respectively and constituted <mark>1.14%, (0.02)%</mark> and <mark>0.97%</mark> of our total revenue from operations Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. We cannot guarantee that we will not experience losses, on account of fluctuations in currencies going forward, and such losses may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **8.** **_Our financing agreements impose certain restrictions on our operations, and our failure to comply with operational and financial covenants may adversely affect our reputation, business and financial condition._** 

<mark>Certain of our financing arrangements impose restrictions on the utilization of the loan for certain specified purposes only, such as for the purposes of meeting specific capital expenditure, infrastructure repairs and renovation of existing production units including office premises in India, working capital use and related activities. We are required to obtain prior consent from some of our lenders for, among other matters, amending our memorandum of association or articles of association, our capital structure, changing the composition of our management, Board of Directors, key managerial personnel or operating structure, effecting any change in the beneficial ownership or management control of our Company, undertaking merger or amalgamation, changing our constitution, issuance of Equity Shares, making certain kinds of investments, declaring dividends, making certain payments (including payment of dividends, redemption of shares, prepayment of indebtedness, payment of interest on unsecured loans and investments), undertaking any new project or further capital expenditure or implementing any scheme of expansion or diversification, investing, lending, extending advances, undertaking any kind of guarantee obligation on behalf of any third party or placing deposits with any other concern, entering into borrowing arrangements with any other bank, financial institution or company, creating any charges, lien or encumbrances over its assets or undertaking or any part thereof in favour of any third party, selling, assigning, mortgaging or disposing off any fixed assets charged to a lender, effecting any change in the nature of our business activities or in the nature or scope of our projects or any change in the financing plan, creation of security interest in secured properties and raising further indebtedness. Further, for the purpose of the Offer, our</mark> 

33 

<mark>Company has obtained the necessary consents from its lenders, as required under the relevant facility documentations for undertaking activities relating to the Offer including consequent actions, such as changes / amendments to, including but not limited to, the constitutional documents (memorandum of association and/or articles of association) of our Company, the composition of its management set-up, the shareholding pattern, repayment/pre-payment of loans,</mark> etc. For further details, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” beginning on page 260. 

<mark>Under certain of our existing financing arrangements, the lenders have the right to withdraw their facilities in the event of any change in circumstances, including, any material change in the ownership or shareholding pattern of our Company. Such financing agreements also require us to maintain certain financial ratios. Certain of our loans can also be recalled by lenders at any time. If the lenders exercise their right to recall a loan, it could have an adverse effect on</mark> our reputation, business and financial position. 

<mark>If our future cash flows from operations and other capital resources are insufficient to pay our debt obligations or our contractual obligations, or to fund our other liquidity needs, we may be forced to sell assets or attempt to restructure or refinance our existing indebtedness. Our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets, our financial condition at such time and the terms of our other outstanding debt instruments. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. The terms of existing or future debt instruments may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives. In addition, any failure to make payments of interest or principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our creditworthiness or credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness on acceptable terms. Additionally, our cost of borrowing may increase when there is a change in LIBOR rates and a resultant increase in interest rates for our existing loans. Additionally, pursuant to the Offer, our Company proposes to utilise a part of the Net Proceeds to carry out scheduled repayment or pre-payment of its existing indebtedness and in the event our Company pre-pays certain loans, it may be required to bear additional interest or additional bank fees in the form of prepayment charges or penalty, for further</mark> details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” beginning on page 90. 

<mark>There have been instances in the past of breach of covenants under certain of our financing agreements. For instance, in Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019, our Company had breached certain financial covenants contained under certain of our financing agreements (tested for audited annual accounts, on a standalone basis, for the relevant period for the Solar EPC business), on account of our Company’s failure to maintain positive profit after tax margins, failure to maintain the total outstanding liabilities to tangible net worth ratio, total debt to tangible net worth ratio, EBITDA margins, EBITDA to net interest ratio, as prescribed under the said financing agreements. However, as on the date, we have not received any notice from lenders invoking default provisions under the financing agreements. We have also received confirmation from the lenders that the accounts maintained by us with them have been regular and that there is no current default on part of the Company under the financing agreements. Further, any breach under our financing agreements could result in acceleration of our loan repayments or trigger a cross-default under our other financing agreements.  In some of our financing agreements, the lender may, at its discretion, terminate or cancel the facility with immediate effect if we default under any other material agreements with any other financing institution, adversely affecting our business and financial condition. For further details, see “</mark> _<mark>Financial Indebtedness</mark>_ <mark>” beginning on</mark> page 260. 

<mark>In some of our financing agreements, the lender may, at its discretion, terminate or cancel the facility with immediate effect if we default under any other material agreements with any other financing institution, adversely affecting our business and financial condition. For further details, see “</mark> _<mark>Financial Indebtedness</mark>_ <mark>” beginning on page 260.</mark> 

# **9.** **_Our inability to successfully diversify our product offerings of our engineering business may adversely affect our growth and negatively impact our profitability._** 

During Fiscals 2022, 2021 and 2020 according to our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements, 93.72%, 93.80%, and 92.75%, of our revenue from operations is contributed from our engineering business, respectively. Presently, we are the largest manufacturer of precision bearing cages in organized sector in India in terms of revenue and amongst the leading manufacturers of precision bearing cages in the world, with a market share of <mark>6.5%</mark> in the global organized bearing brass, steel and polyamide bearing cages market in CY 2021. _(Source: CARE Advisory Report)_ Our Company has around <mark>50-60%</mark> of the market share in the Indian bearing cages market in the organized segment. _(Source: CARE Advisory Report)_ We manufacture bearing cages in brass, steel and polyamide materials with sizes of upto 2,000 mm in diameter for automotive and industrial applications, we also manufacture complex and specialised precision stamped components, brass castings, and bronze castings and bushings under our engineering business. We intend to diversify and expand our business operations in accordance with the evolving needs of our customers and the industry in which we operate. We cannot assure you that the transition of our production units and resources to fulfil production under new product programs will not impact production rates or other operational efficiency measures at our units. Further, we cannot assure you that we will succeed in effectively implementing the new technology required in manufacturing new products or that we will be able to recover our investments. Any failure in the development or implementation of our operations is likely to adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

34 

Venturing into a new product line may require methods of operations and marketing and financial strategies, different from those currently employed in our Company. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully develop our new product lines. Further, we will be subject to the risks generally associated with new product introductions and applications, including unproven know-how, unreliable technology, inexperienced staff, and delays in product development and possible defects in products. 

# **10.** **_We depend on third parties for the supply of raw material and delivery of products. A disruption in the supply of raw materials or failure of our suppliers to meet their obligations could impact our production and increase our costs._** 

We are dependent on third party suppliers for the raw materials used in the manufacture of our products. We purchase most of the raw materials used in our manufacturing process from a limited number of third-party suppliers. Our top five raw material suppliers for Fiscal 2022 together contributed to 43.93% of our total raw material consumption (as adjusted for changes in inventories of finished goods and work in progress) during such period. There is no assurance that if we experience a disruption of supplies, we will be able to source such commodities from alternative suppliers on similar commercial terms and within a reasonable timeframe. 

We select suppliers based on total value (including total landed price, quality and delivery), taking into consideration their production capacities and financial condition and expect that they will deliver in accordance with our quality standards and comply with their contractual obligations with us. However, there can be no assurance that capacity limitations, industry shortages, labour or social unrest, weather emergencies, commercial disputes, government actions, riots, wars, pandemic, sabotage, cyberattacks, non-conforming parts, acts of terrorism, “Acts of God”, financial or operational instability of suppliers, or other problems that our suppliers experience will not result in occasional shortages or delays in their supply of raw materials to us. We are dependent upon the ability of our suppliers to meet performance and quality specifications and delivery schedules. The inability of a supplier to meet these requirements, the loss of a significant supplier, or any labour issues or work stoppages at a significant supplier could disrupt the supply of raw materials to our units, preventing our Company from delivering to its customers, or cause returns of products under warranty or product recalls. This would have a material adverse impact on our customer relations, reputation and business and also generate additional costs for our Company such as increased transportation costs and costs related to finding alternative suppliers within constrained timelines which could adversely impact our financial condition. 

If we were to experience a significant or prolonged shortage of raw materials from any of our suppliers and could not procure the raw materials from other sources, we would be unable to meet the production schedules for some of our products and could miss customer delivery expectations and future business from these customers. We cannot assure you that our suppliers will continue to supply the required raw materials to us or supply such raw materials at prices favorable to us. Any change in the supplying pattern of our raw materials can adversely affect our business, financial conditions and results of operations. 

For instance, in Fiscal 2020-2021, due to the guidelines imposed by government authorities on account of the COVID19 pandemic, the plants of certain of our suppliers could not operate at optimal capacity, for a period of six to eight months, on account of which the delivery lead time increased by 4 to 12 days for steel and 14 weeks to 18 weeks for polyamide. Whilst there was no disruption in our production line on account of the aforesaid, there was delay in delivery in the supply of raw materials. 

Further, there was shortfall in the availability of oxygen during the months of May 2021 to July 2021, owing to the COVID-19 pandemic, on account of which delivery was disrupted; and we had to make alternate arrangements including use of nitrogen cutting and waterjet cutting to address the shortfall. 

Further, on account of the COVID-19 pandemic, certain of our suppliers supplying polyamide to us, issued force majeure notices. As a result of which, the delivery of polyamide material was disrupted. Consequently, we had to air lift certain material to manage our delivery obligations and avoid further disruption in supply, which led to us incurring air shipment costs at the rate of ₹ 500 per kg. 

We cannot assure you that such delays or disruption in the supply of raw materials or failure of our suppliers to meet their obligations will not occur in the future or that we will be able to adequately address such delays, disruptions and non-availability of supply of raw materials adequately and in a timely manner, which in turn could impact our production and increase our costs. 

We also use third parties for the deliveries of finished and unfinished products from our manufacturing units and warehouses to our domestic and overseas customers as well as between production units. Transportation strikes and other supply chain disturbances (including container non-availability etc.) have in the past and could in the future have an adverse effect on our supplies and deliveries to and from particular plants on a timely and cost-efficient basis. An increase in freight costs or the unavailability of adequate port and shipping infrastructure for transportation of our products to our markets may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Further, we are also 

35 

exposed to risks associated with various modes of transportation. While delivery of components to customers within India is generally shipped by road or rail, the majority of our export shipments to <mark>China, USA</mark> and <mark>Europe</mark> are by sea and subject to risks, including damage or loss of containers due to shipwreck, mishandling of our shipment at port or at sea, damage during transportation, loading and unloading, damage due to accidental fires and bad weather conditions, theft at sea, delay in customs clearance and other factors beyond our control. The occurrence of all or any of the above factors will result in delays in deliveries to our customers which could further cause a shutdown in our customer’s production processes exposes us to damage and penalties, adversely affect our reputation, cause a loss of business and adversely impact our results of operations. While we have obtained insurance to cover such risks, which is in line with industry practice, our insurance policies may not be adequate to cover fully all potential risks related to delivery and transportation of our products. Further, there is no assurance that the amount of our insurance coverage will be sufficient to satisfy any damages arising from the occurrence of all or any of the above risks. See “ _Risk Factors_ – _Our insurance coverage could prove inadequate to cover our losses. If we were to incur a serious uninsured loss or a loss that significantly exceed the limits of our insurance policies, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition_ ” on page 50. 

# **11.** **_Our Company and certain of our Subsidiaries have unsecured loans that may be recalled by the lenders at any time._** 

Our Company and certain of our Subsidiaries, have currently availed unsecured loans which may be recalled by the lenders at any time. In such cases, the lender is empowered to require repayment of the facility at any point in time during the tenor. In case the loan is recalled on demand by the lender and our Company or the relevant Subsidiary is unable to repay the outstanding amounts under the facility at that point, it would constitute an event of default under the respective loan agreements. As a result, of any such demand with respect to the loans of our Company and our Subsidiaries may affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. As on March 31, 2022, we had unsecured loans amounting to ₹ 735.36 <mark>million,</mark> which constituted 19.11% of the total borrowings (excluding non-fund based utilisation). For further details, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ”, beginning on page 260. 

# **12.** **_We have certain contingent liabilities and capital commitments, which, if they materialize, may adversely affect our financial condition._** 

As of March 31, 2022, our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements disclosed and reflected the following contingent liabilities and capital commitments: 

|**Sr. No.**|**Particulars**|**Amount* (in**₹**million)**|
|---|---|---|
|**_Conting_**<br>|**_ent liabilities not provided for_**<br>||
|1.|Letter of Credit/Corporate Guarantee/Stand By Letter of Credit (SBLC) &<br>Bank Guarantee (Outstanding)|357.45|
|2.|Custom duty benefits towards duty free imports under EPCG license scheme<br>in respect of which export obligation are yet to be discharged|14.29|
|3.|Claims against the companynot acknowledged as debts:||
|(a)|Income Tax Matters|237.93|
|(b)|Excise,Service Tax and GST Matters|10.56|
|4.|Other Matters including claims related to Customer, Vendor, ESIC,<br>Electricity, Ex-Employee and others<sup>#</sup>|168.99|
|**_Capital_**|**_commitments_**||
|5.|Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account<br>and not provided for (net of capital advances)|116.05|



_* net of advances, if any_ 

_# It includes ₹150.00 million of the City Civil Court, Bengaluru case filed by Orchestrate Systems Pvt .Ltd. (OSPL) against the Company. This matter was filed by OSPL after the winding up petition was filed by the Company against OSPL at Karnataka High Court. Later the Company had withdrawn the winding up petition at Karnataka High court against OSPL, with permission of court to pursue the matter under MSMED Act. Thereafter, the Company had filed MSME case against OSPL for recovery of ₹68.60 millions and on conciliation fail at MSMEFC the matter was refer to Arbitration. After completion of arbitration, arbitrator has passed necessary order in favour of the Company for recovery of ₹68.60 millions plus interest as per the said order dated May 4, 2019. The company has filed execution petition at commercial court Raipur for above arbitration order as assets of OSPL are located in Chhattisgarh. The same matter is pending with commercial court, Raipur. OSPL has challenged this arbitration at Gujarat High court and the same matter is also pending with Gujarat High court. Against, civil court case at Bengaluru by OSPL, Counter Claim Revival Application has been submitted by the Company. Hearing on revival application is in process._ 

Any or all of these contingent liabilities may become actual liabilities. If at any time we are compelled to pay all or a material proportion of these contingent liabilities, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. For details, see “ _Financial Information_ ” beginning on page 203. 

36 

# **13.** **_There are outstanding litigations involving our Company and our Directors. Any adverse outcome in any of these proceedings may adversely affect our reputation, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our Company, and our Directors are involved in certain outstanding legal proceedings, which are pending at different levels of adjudication at different fora. Brief details of such outstanding litigation are as follows: 

|**Entity/ individual**|**Criminal**<br>**Proceedings**|**Tax**<br>**Proceedings**<br>**_C_**|**Statutory or**<br>**Regulatory**<br>**Proceedings**<br>**_ompany_**|**Disciplinary**<br>**actions by**<br>**SEBI or**<br>**Stock**<br>**Exchanges**<br>**against our**<br>**Promoters**|**Material**<br>**civil**<br>**litigations**|**Aggregate**<br>**amount**<br>**involved* (₹**<br>**in million)**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|By the Company|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|2|103.51|
|Against the Company|Nil|10|3|<br>Nil|2|427.87|
|||<br>**_D_**|<br>**_irectors_**|<br>|||
|By the Directors|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Against the Directors|Nil|1|Nil|Nil|Nil|4.72|
||<br>**_Promote_**|<br>**_rs (excluding c_**|<br>**_ases involving_**|<br>**_our Directors)_**|||
|By the Promoters|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Against the Promoters|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|||<br>**_Su_**|<br>**_bsidiaries_**||||
|By the Subsidiaries|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Against<br>the<br>Subsidiaries|2|Nil|1|Nil|Nil|117.02<sup>**</sup>|



- _To the extent quantifiable and is net of advances and/or deposits paid, if any._ 

> _** Converted from RMB to ₹ basis the conversion rate as on March 31, 2022. For further details on the exchange rate conversion, see “Certain Conventions, Currency Of Presentation, Use Of Financial Information And Market Data” on page 15._ 

For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 292. 

We cannot assure you that these legal proceedings will be decided in favour of our Company, Subsidiaries, our Promoters, our Directors and our Group Companies, as the case may be, or that no further liability will arise out of these proceedings. The amounts claimed in these proceedings have been disclosed to the extent ascertainable and include amounts claimed jointly and severally. If any new proceedings are initiated or new developments arise, such as change in law or rulings against us by appellate courts or tribunals, we may need to make provisions in our financial statements that could increase our expenses and current liabilities. Further, such legal proceedings could divert management time and attention and consume financial resources. Any adverse outcome in any of these proceedings may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Further, any adverse outcomes in legal proceedings against our Promoters could require them to raise additional resources including through liquidation of their stake in our Company and may have an adverse impact on the goodwill enjoyed by our Company. 

# **14.** **_Availability and cost of raw materials for our engineering business could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

Our operations are impacted by the availability and cost of raw materials utilised in our production process. While we purchase our raw materials primarily through spot contracts in the domestic and international markets, any change in cost and availability of such raw materials for any reason, including change in the approved suppliers, change in law or applicable governmental policies relating to imports, would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Our raw material suppliers may fail to deliver products of acceptable quality and within stipulated schedules. We may be required to replace a supplier if the products provided or supplied, do not meet our quality or performance standards. Further, increase in competition may lead to our competitors establishing exclusive arrangements with our suppliers due to which we may be unable to secure an adequate supply of raw materials or which may increase our overall cost of raw materials, which we may not be able to determine from our customers. 

While we are not significantly dependent on any single raw material supplier, raw material supply and pricing can be volatile due to a number of factors beyond our control, including global demand and supply, economic and political conditions, transportation and labour costs, labour unrest, natural disasters, import duties, tariffs and currency exchange rates. This volatility in commodity prices can significantly affect our raw material costs. Further, any volatility in fuel prices can also affect commodity prices worldwide, which in turn may significantly increase our raw material costs. 

37 

# **15.** **_Our operational flexibility may be limited in certain respects on account of our obligations under certain of our major customer agreements for our engineering business._** 

Our pricing terms, products and payment cycles and permitted adjustments are generally set out in advance in arrangements with our customers or purchase orders and our customers are generally permitted a high level of discretion under the terms of such agreements. Due to stipulated delivery schedules at pre-agreed prices, as part of such arrangements and purchase orders, we may, in certain events, incur additional costs that we are unable to pass through to our customers or be required to write off certain expenses. The material expenses written off, on account of raw material inventory consumption for Fiscal 2022 amounted to ₹ 0.65 million which constitutes 0.01% of our total expenses. Further, there were no such expenses written off in Fiscals 2021 and 2020. 

Our customers reserve the right at any time to direct changes, or cause us to make changes, to drawings and specifications of the goods or to otherwise change the scope of the work covered by arrangements with our customers. Price and time for performance resulting from such changes are equitably adjusted by our customers based on supply of documentation in such form and detail as required by them. Consequently, we are exposed to the risk that our submissions or requests as to price adjustments or delivery schedules or otherwise may not be agreed to by our customers or our customers may not accede to provide consents sought by us. Any such significant operational constraint may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are also bound by confidentiality obligations under non-disclosure agreements with our customers to protect their intellectual property, including in relation to technical data such as product designs and specifications that may have been shared with us by our customers. While we have internal controls in place to ensure that there is no breach of confidentiality obligations and believe that there have not been any breaches of any such confidentiality obligations in the past, an inadvertent breach or any misuse of intellectual property or proprietary data in the future by any of our employees or sub-contractors may expose us to onerous infringement claims and may diminish our goodwill and reputation among our customers, suppliers, lenders, investors and the public, making it difficult for us to operate our business and compete effectively. 

# **16.** **_Geographical concentration of our production units may restrict our operations and adversely affect our business and financial condition._** 

We substantially operate our engineering business, including our manufacturing processes, out of and around principal production units that are located at Changodar and Moraiya near Ahmedabad in Gujarat in India. We have further expanded our manufacturing process by establishing a production unit at Changshu in China and acquiring production units at Suzhou in China (currently part of the unit at Changshu in China) and Ghimbav Brasov in Romania. For further details in relation to the acquisition of our units in China and Romania, please refer to the section titled “ _Material acquisitions or divestments of business or undertakings, mergers, amalgamations or revaluation of assets in the last 10 years_ ” on page 168 of the RHP. For further details about the installed capacity, see “ _Our Business - Strategically located domestic and international production facilities and warehouses”_ on page 141 of this RHP. 

If our existing units at Ahmedabad, China and Romania are harmed or rendered inoperable by factors such as increased competition as more players enter into these geographies, general economic conditions, laws and regulations, both Indian and international, and other natural or man-made disasters, including earthquakes, fire, floods, acts of terrorism, pandemic and power outages, it may render it difficult or impossible for us to efficiently operate our business for some time, or require us to shut major part of our operations, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, result of operations and cash flows. For instance, on February 17, 2017, one of our primary production units in India, being our facility at Changodar, faced a fire due to electrical short-circuit in such production facility and losses due to water inundation on August 10, 2019. We had to in the past shutdown our operations in China due to a drop in the air quality index. Further, pursuant to the lockdown as a result of COVID 19, our manufacturing plants located at Changodar and Moraiya in India remained closed from March 25, 2020 to end of May 2020, our manufacturing plant located at Changshu in China remained closed from January 24, 2020 to February 6, 2020 (this includes closure on account of new year in China <mark>). Further, our Indian, China and Romanian plants had to be operated at reduced capacity due to the applicable social distancing norms. Further, our manufacturing unit at China also faced a power outage resulting in closure of the unit or being operated a</mark> t reduced capacity depending on the power availability. We cannot assure you that any such future _force majeure_ instances will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation. Further, as part of certain of our customer arrangements, in the event of any _force majeure_ instance, we are obligated to re-locate our production line in so far as it extends to the products being manufactured pursuant to such customer arrangement, such re-location may adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

# **17.** **_Industry information included in this Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from the CARE Advisory Report commissioned and paid for by us for such purpose. The CARE Advisory Report is not exhaustive and is based on certain assumptions and parameters/ conditions._** 

We have used the report titled “ _Industry Research Report on Bearings, Bearings Cages & Stampings Market_ ” dated August, 2022 by CARE Advisory Limited, for purposes of inclusion of such information in this Red Herring 

38 

Prospectus, and exclusively commissioned by our Company for purposes of inclusion of such information in the Offer documents at an agreed fee to be paid by our Company. This report is subject to various limitations and based upon certain assumptions that are subjective in nature. Given the scope and extent of the CARE Advisory Report, disclosures are limited to certain excerpts and the CARE Advisory Report has not been reproduced in its entirety in this Red Herring Prospectus. The report is a paid report and is subject to various limitations and based upon certain assumptions that are subjective in nature. In addition, statements from third parties that involve estimates are subject to change, and actual amounts may differ materially from those included in this Red Herring Prospectus. Also see, “ _Certain Conventions, Currency of Presentation, Use of Financial Information and Market Data_ ” on page 15. 

# **18.** **_We are subject to strict quality requirements, customer inspections and audits, and any failure to comply with quality standards may lead to cancellation of existing and future orders and could negatively impact our reputation, our business, cashflow and results of operations and future prospects._** 

We specialize in manufacturing bearing cages in brass, steel and polyamide materials with sizes of upto 2,000 mm in diameter for automotive and industrial applications. We also manufacture complex and specialised precision stamped components, welded assemblies, brass castings and bronze castings and bushes. Our products find their application in automotive, railways, renewable energy and other industrial sectors. Further, we have been involved by our customers in the product development process to develop products based on technical specifications and designs stipulated by our customers. Given the nature of our products, services and the sector in which we operate, our customers have high standards for product quality and delivery schedules. Adherence to quality standards is a critical factor as a defect in bearing cages, specialised precision stamped components and other products manufactured by our Company or failure to comply with the design specifications of our customers may, in turn, lead to the manufacture of faulty products by our major customer groups. This may lead to cancellation of supply orders or non-renewal of agreements by our customers and at certain instances may impose additional costs in the form of quality defect claims, product liability and/or product recall. We have, in the past, received certain quality complaints/ product damage claims from our customers in the ordinary course of business which are likely to result in recall claims. Recently, on July 1, 2022, we received a letter from one of our customer in relation to certain quality complaints on account of cage breakage. We have provided our response to the customer on July 21, 2022. While we are working together with the customer establish the root cause of the quality complaints, we may incur financial losses, including, amongst others, in the form product liability and product recall. The use of our components, often under extreme conditions, carries an inherent risk of product liability claims arising from personal injury, death or property damage due to equipment failure, work accidents, fire or explosion, if our components are defective or are used incorrectly by our customers (or by their customers or other end-users). Further, any failure to make timely deliveries of products as per our customers’ or other end users requirements could result in cancellation or non-renewal of purchase orders and at certain instances may also result in bearing additional financial exposure. 

While we have put in place quality control procedures, we cannot assure you that our products will always be able to satisfy our customers’ quality standards. Our quality control procedures may fail to test for all possible conditions of use or identify all defects in the design, engineering or specifications of the components. Any such failure to identify defects could require us to undertake service actions or component recalls. Any defect in our Company’s components could also result in customer claims for damages. Any negative publicity regarding our Company, or our products in this regard could adversely affect our reputation, our operations and our results from operations. 

Prior to entering into framework agreements, certain of our major customer groups undertake a detailed review process, which involves inspection of our production units, review of our manufacturing processes, raw materials, our financial capabilities, technical review of the designs and specification of the proposed product and inspection and review of prototypes of the product. This extensive review process is generally periodic in nature and firm orders are placed only after the review process. The finished product delivered by us is further subject to validation by our customers upon delivery at their units. We are therefore subject to a stringent quality control mechanism at each stage of the manufacturing process and are required to maintain the quality and precision level for each product. 

In the event, any of our products do not adhere to our major customer groups specifications, we will be required to replace the product at our cost and bear any loss due to assembly line stoppage at our customers’ production units. Costs of assembly line stoppage are significant and should we be required to bear such cost; our financial conditions would be adversely affected. Further, to ensure minimal defects, we may be required to incur significant expenses to maintain our quality assurance systems, which may affect our financial condition. . We are required to obtain certain certifications from accredited certification bodies for our production units. The details regarding quality certifications for our production units, from independent organizations are set forth below: 

|**Quality Certificate**|**Date of initial**<br>**issue of**|**Approving**<br>**Authority**|**Premises**|**Valid until**<br>**(Renewal details, if**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
||**certificate**|||**any)**|
|ISO 9001:2008 (2015)|March 24, 2004|Bureau Veritas|Moraiya Unit|July 05, 2024|



39 

|**Quality Certificate**|**Date of initial**<br>**issue of**<br>**certificate**|**Approving**<br>**Authority**|**Premises**||**Valid until**<br>**(Renewal details, if**<br>**any)**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|ISO 14001:2015|June 10, 2008|Bureau Veritas|Changodar<br>Unit<br>Moraiya Unit|and|June 09, 2023|
|ISO 9001:2015|May 18, 2013|Bureau Veritas|Romania Unit||May 17, 2023|
|ISO 14001:2015|May 18, 2013|Bureau Veritas|Romania Plant||May 17, 2023|
|ISO 9001:2008 (2015)|February<br>05,<br>2015|Bureau Veritas|Changodar Unit||July 05, 2024|
|IATF 16949|April 27, 2015|Bureau Veritas|China Unit||March 2, 2023|
|ISO 45001:2008|September<br>06,<br>2017|Bureau Veritas|Romania Unit||September 05, 2023|
|IATF 16949|February<br>01,<br>2018|Bureau Veritas|Changodar Unit||July 05, 2024|
|IATF 16949|February<br>02,<br>2018|Bureau Veritas|Moraiya Unit||July 05, 2024|
|ISO 9001:2015|May 28, 2018|Bureau Veritas|China Unit||March 4, 2023|



In certain cases, where our customers provide a warranty to their end users and incur warranty costs for non-conformity of their products to agreed specifications or standards, our supply arrangements with our customers typically allow us to review warranty claims in order to determine if the failure was caused by a manufacturing defect in our components. If it is determined that the failure was on account of a manufacturing defect in our components, we may be required to promptly correct or replace or recall those defective components at our own expense, failing which we may be required to reimburse our customers at part acquisition cost, with additives to cover administrative, labour, material and other such costs. 

Further, our customers generally have the right to inspect and audit our units, processes and products after reasonable notice to ensure that our services are meeting their internal standards. Most of our customers routinely inspect and audit our units. If we fail to perform our services in accordance with best practices stipulated by our customers and/or our customers are dissatisfied with the quality of our units in any manner, our reputation could be harmed and our customers may terminate/modify their contractual arrangements and/ or refuse to renew their contractual arrangements or purchase orders. This may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 

# **19.** **_Activities involving our manufacturing process can be dangerous and can cause injury to people or property in certain circumstances. A significant disruption at any of our production units may adversely affect our production schedules, costs, revenue and ability to meet customer demand._** 

Our business involves manufacturing processes that can be potentially dangerous to our employees. We have faced past instances of accidents suffered by our employees in our production units, while discharging their duties. An accident may result in injuries, loss of life, destruction of property or equipment, manufacturing or delivery delays, or may lead to suspension of our operations and/or imposition of liabilities. In the past three Fiscals, except for one instance of loss of life of our employee at our solar site, there have been no major accidents suffered to our employees at our production sites. As of March 31, 2022, our Company has obtained insurance coverage for indemnifying its employees for unforeseen events, including: (i) group accidents’ coverage for our employees based in India; and (ii) employer’s liability insurance coverage for our employees based in China. The workman compensation insurance policy taken for employees in India provides protection against loss of life as per the provisions of Workmen's Compensation Act, 1923 and its subsequent amendments. Such indemnification is generally dependent upon various factors, including, salary/wage of employee, designation of the employee and residual service of the employee. We have also availed group personal accident policy, term life insurance policy, mediclaim etc. for our employees. Our Company has also obtained insurance coverage for plant, property and equipment (excluding land and leased assets) which cumulatively amounted to ₹ 9,940.03 <mark>million,</mark> as of March 31, 2022. As on March 31, 2022, our insurance coverage as a percentage of plant, property and equipment (excluding land and leased assets) is 142.85%. 

While we maintain adequate insurance, interruptions in production as a result of an accident may also increase our costs and reduce our revenue and may require us to make substantial capital expenditures to remedy the situation or to defend litigation that we or our senior management may become involved in as a result, which may negatively affect our profitability, business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. Any negative publicity associated therewith, may have a negative effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 

# **20.** **_We are exposed to certain operational risks including loss or write off of inventory, credit risk and delay or nonrealisation of receivables in a timely manner or at all. Any such loss or write-off of inventory or any failure to_** 

40 

**_realise payments from customers in a timely manner may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations._** 

Due to the nature of our operations, we are exposed to inherent risks such as loss or write off of inventory due to various reasons including the product becoming obsolete, rusting of products, discontinuation of the products by the customer, cancellation of orders and non-usage of the products. Further, we are subject to counterparty credit risk and a significant delay in receiving large payments or non-receipt of large payments may adversely impact our results of operations. Further, macroeconomic conditions, such as the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in financial difficulties for our customers, for further details, see “ _Risk Factor - The current outbreak of COVID-19 has caused severe disruptions in the Indian and global economy. The continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, operating results, cash flows and/or financial condition is uncertain and cannot be predicted”_ on page 28. Moreover, macroeconomic conditions such as a potential credit crisis in the global financial system, could also result in financial difficulties for our customers, including limited access to the credit markets, insolvency or bankruptcy. Such conditions could cause our customers to delay payment, request modifications of their payment terms, or default on their payment obligations to us, all of which could increase our receivables. For instance, certain receivables from our customers and advance payments made to certain of our vendors amounting to ₹ (2.46) million, ₹1.16 million and ₹0.58 million, as net balance, for Fiscals 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, have been written back or written off, as applicable, on account of failure of such customers and vendors to meet their respective obligations during the respective Fiscals. If our customers delay or default in making these payments, our profits margins and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

# **21.** **_Information relating to our installed capacities and the historical capacity utilization of our manufacturing units included in this Red Herring Prospectus is based on various assumptions and estimates and future production and capacity utilization may vary._** 

Information relating to our installed capacities and the historical capacity utilization of our manufacturing units included in this Red Herring Prospectus is based on various assumptions and estimates. While we have obtained a certificate dated August 29, 2022 from Vitthal & Associates, actual utilization rates may differ significantly from the estimated installed capacities or historical estimated capacity utilization information of our units. Undue reliance should therefore not be placed on our installed capacity or historical estimated capacity utilization information for our existing manufacturing units included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further details about the installed capacity, see “ _Our Business - Strategically located domestic and international production facilities and warehouses”_ on page 141 of this RHP. 

# **22.** **_Our solar EPC operations expose us to certain risks including construction cost price fluctuation, equipment defects etc._** 

We undertake EPC-related services in relation to the solar photovoltaic based energy requirements of our clients, which exposes us to certain risks. For example, we are exposed to adverse price fluctuations for the equipment and materials we use for constructing solar power projects. As a result, we are exposed to construction cost risks that could be caused by various factors, including: 

- changes in economic conditions; 

- increases in the price and availability of labor, equipment and materials; 

- inaccuracies of drawings and technical information; 

- delays in the delivery of equipment and materials to project sites; 

- unanticipated increases in equipment costs; 

- delays caused by local and seasonal weather conditions; and 

- any other unforeseen design and engineering issues, or physical, site and geological conditions, that may result in delays. 

The additional costs incurred by our Company (primarily on account of delay in execution of our Solar EPC business orders) for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 amounted to ₹ 6.11 million, ₹ 3.72 million and ₹ 22.81 million, respectively. 

Additionally, we will be primarily responsible for all equipment defects and construction defects, potentially adding to the cost of construction of our solar power projects, cost of late delivery penalty or charges. Although we generally obtain warranties from our equipment suppliers, we are responsible for initiating claims against equipment suppliers during the warranty period which will also impact the cost of the project and divert personnel attention on the 

41 

construction of the project. We cannot assure you that we will be successful with such claims against our suppliers or that these claims will be resolved in a timely manner, or at all. 

# **23.** **_We are subject to various risks associated with transportation and we may face claims relating to loss or damage to cargo, personal injury claims or other operating risks._** 

We are subject to various risks associated with transportation and we may face claims relating to loss or damage to cargo, personal injury claims or other operating risks. Whilst we have undertaken adequate measures to minimize operational risks associated with our business, we remain subject to various risks inherently present in our business operations, including potential liability to our customers which could result from, among other circumstances, theft, damage or loss of materials pursuant to the logistics we arrange for. For instance, in the past we have faced monetary loss due to mishandling of our products during transit and at certain instances due to accidents of the transport vehicles carrying our products or fixed assets, whilst such loss is not material to our operations, we may, in future suffer similar losses, requiring us to compensate our customers in the event of any damage or loss of goods even though we may have secured insurance coverage for the goods transported by us. As of March 31, 2022, we had an outstanding claim of ₹ 0.35 million, under the marine insurance policy, in relation to losses caused as a result of improper handling during transit, pallet and goods damage and loading and unloading damages to goods. 

# **24.** **_Any disruption in labour industry or strikes by our workforce may affect the production capability of our Company._** 

Our manufacturing activities are labour intensive and expose us to the risk of various labour related issues. Whilst we have not faced any strike by our workforce, we cannot assure you that we will not be subject to work stoppages, strikes, lockouts or other types of conflicts with our employees or contract workers in the future. Any such event, at our current units or at any new units that we may commission or acquire in the future, may adversely affect our ability to operate our business and serve our customers and impair our market reputation, which may adversely impact our business and financial condition. 

# **25.** **_The performance of our solar power projects is affected by varying factors beyond our control._** 

To estimate the performance of our solar power projects, we rely on a group of metrics, including the Global Horizontal Irradiation (“ **GHI** ”) (which is the total amount of shortwave radiation received from above by a surface horizontal to the ground) and soiling losses which may vary during a period due to changes in solar irradiation, temperature, cloud cover, dust levels and the bell curve of the sun’s activity cycle. Variances in these metrics make it difficult to accurately predict the expected annual energy production. Inaccurate estimations of the performance and miscalculation of direct normal irradiance of our solar power projects could adversely affect the power generated from our solar power projects. We cannot assure you that we will not be affected by such inaccurate estimations and miscalculations while setting up the solar power projects as any failure to meet the customer expectations could have an adverse impact on our reputation. 

# **26.** **_Any order curtailing the prioritization of renewable energy or any change in central or state policies governing the solar sector could adversely affect our results of operations from solar EPC business._** 

The GoI has accorded renewable energy “must-run” status, which means that any renewable power that is generated must always be accepted by the grid. However, certain state electricity boards may order the curtailment of renewable energy despite this status and there have been instances of such orders being introduced in the past. This may occur as a result of the state electricity boards’ purchasing cheaper power from the exchanges or as a result of transmission congestion owing to mismatch between generation and transmission capacity. There can be no assurance that the GoI will continue to maintain the “must-run” status to renewable energy or that the state electricity boards will not make any orders to curtail the generation of renewable energy. Any change in policy or such curtailment may interrupt our operations and may have an adverse effect on our solar EPC business, cash flows and results of operations. Further, any changes in government (central and state) policies governing the solar sector including size of solar roof top projects, change in metering policy, imposition of wheeling and transmission charges, cross subsidy charges, etc., may have a negative impact on the demand for solar projects which in turn could have an adverse impact on our results of operations 

# **27.** **_The reduction, modification or elimination of government and economic incentives for solar power projects may reduce the demand for solar power projects and thus adversely affect our solar EPC business_** 

The setting up and profitability of solar power projects in the locations in which we operate are dependent on policy and regulatory frameworks that support such projects. Changes in policies could lead to a significant reduction in or a discontinuation of the support for solar power in such locations. Without such support, solar power markets might not be commercially viable in such locations. 

The incentives made available to our Solar EPC customers have been primarily in the form of exemptions on payment of excise duty and custom duty provided by the central government and exemptions on payment of entry tax, VAT, 

42 

electricity duty on energy used for auxiliary consumption, and change of land use provided by state governments which may vary from state to state, and other incentives to end users, distributors, system integrators and manufacturers of solar energy products. Any changes in government policies on such incentives will have an adverse impact on the demand for solar power projects. 

Generally, the amount of government incentives for solar power projects has been decreasing as the cost of producing energy has approached grid parity. Changes in central and state policies could lead to a significant reduction in or a discontinuation of the support for renewable energies. Reductions in government and economic incentives that apply to future solar power projects could negatively impact the demand for setting up such projects. Additionally, we or our customers may not continue to qualify for such incentives. 

The imposition of extra duties being levied on sources of energy which cause carbon dioxide pollution for the purpose of reducing greenhouse gas emissions has indirectly supported the expansion of power generated from renewable energy and, in turn, solar power projects in general. If such direct and indirect government support for renewable energy (in particular, solar power) is terminated or reduced, it would make producing electricity from solar power projects less competitive and reduce demand for new solar power projects. 

A significant reduction in the scope or discontinuation of government incentive programs could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

# **28.** **_We depend on suppliers from China for certain key components used in our solar power projects. A disruption in the supply of these key components or failure of our suppliers to meet their obligations could impact our ability to set up solar power projects._** 

We are dependent on suppliers from China for solar PV modules, which is a key component required for setting up of our solar power projects. We are dependent primarily on a limited number of suppliers in China, which cannot be replaced easily. If the available supply of such key component is insufficient to meet the needs of our solar EPC business or if there is an interruption in supply from our Chinese suppliers, including due to any unanticipated outage, shutdown and/or suspension of production at their units, change in political relationship between India and China or implementation of laws and policies impacting our relationship with our Chinese suppliers, our ability to set up solar projects could be adversely impacted which will have an adverse impact on our solar EPC business and results of operations. 

# **29.** **_Certain premises including certain of our warehouses are not owned by us and we have only lease rights over it. Further, some of our lease agreements may have certain irregularities. In the event we lose such rights or are required to negotiate it, our cash flows, business, financial conditions and results of operations could be adversely affected._** 

Our Company has entered into certain lease agreements and leave and license agreements in relation to warehousing facilities. Neither our Company, nor our Promoters and our Directors are in any manner related to the entities from whom our Company has entered into certain lease agreements and leave and license agreements. Additionally, certain of our warehouses located in India, USA, Germany, United Kingdom, Italy, Austria, Argentina, Mexico, China and Malaysia are not owned by us and are located at premises taken by us on lease. The transactions for such premises have been entered into at market price value and on an arm’s length basis. The details of such leasehold properties of the Company are as follows: 

|**Sr. no.**|**Location**|**Period of lease**|**Validity**|**Compensation/**<br>**rent**|**Date of**<br>**registration of the**<br>**Agreement**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|1|Schweinfurt, Germany|January 1, 2022 to<br>December 31,<br>2022|December 31,<br>2022 and subject to<br>auto renewal|NIL*|February 1, 2008|
|2|Bari, Italy|January 1, 2022 to<br>December 31,<br>2022|December 31,<br>2022 and subject to<br>auto renewal|NIL*|September 1, 2015|
|3|Saint Cyr sur Loire,<br>France|January 1, 2022 to<br>December 31,<br>2022|December 31,<br>2022 and subject to<br>auto renewal|NIL*|March 1,2016|
|4|Summerville,<br>South<br>Carolina, USA|January 1, 2022 to<br>December 31,<br>2022|December 31,<br>2022 and subject to<br>auto renewal|Pallet in USD 5<br>Pallet Out USD 5<br>Storage Monthly /<br>Pallet-USD 6|February 13, 2017|



43 

|**Sr. no.**|<br>**Location**|**Period of lease**|**Validity**|**Compensation/**<br>**rent**|**Date of**<br>**registration of the**<br>**Agreement**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|5|Jiangsu, China|September 01,2021<br>to August 31,2022|August 31, 2022<br>and subject to auto<br>renewal|Storage/ CBM $.23<br>per Day|<br>October 12,2018|
|6|Yantai,<br>Shandong,<br>China|December 15,<br>2021 to December<br>14, 2022|<br>December 14,<br>2022 and subject to<br>auto renewal|Pallet in CNY 14<br>Pallet Out CNY 14<br>Storage / CBM<br>CNY 1 per Day|November 21,<br>2011|
|7|Steyr, Austria|January 1, 2022 to<br>December 31,<br>2022|December 31,<br>2022 and subject to<br>auto renewal|<br>NIL|October 1,2015|
|8|Gora, Poland|January 1, 2022 to<br>December 31,<br>2022|December 31,<br>2022 and subject to<br>auto renewal|Loading  1.5 Euro /<br>Pallet<br>Unloading 1.5<br>Euro / Pallet<br>Storage 0.16 EUR<br>/Pallet / Day|November 1, 2012|
|9|Tongeren, Belgium|January 1, 2022 to<br>December 31,<br>2022|December 31,<br>2022 and subject to<br>auto renewal|<br>NIL*|July 1,2017|
|10|Gainsville, USA|January 1, 2022 to<br>December 31,<br>2022|December 31,<br>2022 and subject to<br>auto renewal|NIL*|May 29, 2013|
|11|Buenos Aires<br>Argentina|January 1, 2022 to<br>December 31,<br>2022|December 31,<br>2022 and subject to<br>auto renewal|NIL*|December 11,<br>2014|
|12|Kuala<br>Lumpur,<br>Malaysia|<br>January 1, 2022 to<br>December 31,<br>2022|<br>December 31,<br>2022 and subject to<br>auto renewal|NIL*|May 16, 2018|
|13|Tudela Navarna, Spain|Not Given|N.A|NIL*|October 30, 2017|
|14|<br>Rothlein, Germany|March 07, 2022 to<br>March 06, 2023|March 06, 2023,<br>and subject to auto<br>renewal|NIL*|March 7, 2019|
|15|Bengaluru, India|September 29,<br>2021 to December<br>31, 2023|<br>December 31,<br>2023 and subject to<br>auto renewal|Rs. 7000/- month<br>for storage|September 29,<br>2021|
|16|Haridwar, India.|<br>September 29,<br>2021 to December<br>31, 2023|December 31,<br>2023 and subject to<br>auto renewal|Rs.3000 /- per<br>month for storage|September 29,<br>2021|
|17|Pune, India.|<br>September 28,<br>2021 to December<br>31, 2023|December 31,<br>2023 and subject to<br>auto renewal|1% of Basic Sales<br>Value of goods<br>stored|September 28,<br>2021|
|18|West Bengal, India|<br>September 17,<br>2021 to December<br>31, 2023|December 31,<br>2023 and subject to<br>auto renewal|Rs.40,000/- per<br>month|September 17,<br>2021|
|19|Jharkhand, India|<br>October 05, 2021<br>to December 31,<br>2023|December 31,<br>2023 and subject to<br>auto renewal|Rs.55,000/-per<br>month|October 5, 2021|
|20|Tamil Nadu, India|<br>January 01, 2022<br>to March 31, 2023|<br>March 31, 2023<br>and subject to auto<br>renewal|SL CAGES -  Rs<br>455  /- Pallet of<br>TRB Cages|January 31, 2022|
|||||LSB CAGES-BOX<br>- Rs 365 / Pallet of<br>LBS Cage  Brass_<br>EOU- BOX - Rs<br>340 / Pallet of<br>Brass Cages||



_* Compensation payable directly by the Company’s customer to the relevant entity whose services are being used_ 

44 

Further, any of these lease or license agreements can be terminated, and any such termination could result in any of these warehouses being shifted or shut down. There can be no assurance that we will, in the future, be able to retain, renew or extend the leases for the existing locations on same or similar terms, or will be able to find alternate locations for these warehouses and operating locations on similar terms favourable to us, in time or at all. Accordingly, we may experience business disruption and this may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and result of operations. 

# **30.** **_Conflicts of interest may arise out of common business objects for solar EPC business between our Company and certain of our Group Companies which are in the same line of activity or business as that of the Company._** 

Our Company and certain of our Group Companies, namely, First Light Asset Management Private Limited and Daylight Solar Private Limited may, from to time, be empowered under their respective constitutional documents, to undertake a similar line of business. 

While these Group Companies are currently non-operational and we do not currently have any conflict management policy or similar arrangement in place for our solar EPC business, we may in the future be required to assess any potential conflicts of interest and take appropriate steps to address such conflicts of interest, as and when they may arise. For further details, see “ _Group Companies_ ” on page 200. 

# **31.** **_Any failure to protect or enforce our rights to own or use trademarks and brand name and identity could have an adverse effect on our business and competitive position._** 

Our Company has registered trademarks “Harsha Engineers”, under class 7, “Harsha Abakus Solar” under class 37 and class 42, registered with the registrar of trademarks, “Harsha Engineers” is also our registered brand name. These trademarks are registered only in India, for further details, see “ _Our Business_ ” beginning on page 137. Any failure to renew registration of our registered trademarks may affect our right to use such trademark in future. If we are unable to register our trademark for various reasons including our inability to remove objections to any trademark application, or if any of our unregistered trademark are registered in favour of or used by a third party in India or abroad, we may not be able to claim registered ownership of such trademark and consequently, we may not be able to seek remedies for infringement of those trademarks by third parties other than relief against passing off by other entities, causing damage to our business prospects, reputation and goodwill in India and abroad. Further, our efforts to protect our intellectual property in India and abroad may not be adequate and any third party claim on any of our unprotected intellectual property may lead to erosion of our business value and our reputation, which could adversely affect our operations. Third parties may also infringe or copy our registered brand name in India and abroad which has been registered by us in India. We may not be able to detect any unauthorized use or take appropriate and timely steps to enforce or protect our trademarks in India and abroad. 

Further, if we do not maintain our brand name and identity, which is a principal factor that differentiates us from our competitors, , we may not be able to maintain our competitive edge in India and abroad. If we are unable to compete successfully, we could lose our customers, which would negatively affect our financial performance and profitability. Moreover, our ability to protect, enforce or utilize our brand name is subject to risks, including general litigation risks. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that such brand name will not be adversely affected in the future by actions that are beyond our control, including customer complaints or adverse publicity from any other source in India and abroad. Any damage to our brand name, if not immediately and sufficiently remedied, could have an adverse effect on our business and competitive position in India and abroad. 

Finally, while we take care to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of others, we cannot determine with certainty that we are not infringing any existing third-party intellectual property rights, which when brought to our attention, may force us to alter our product offerings or modify the manufacturing processes established in our production units. We may also be susceptible to claims from third parties asserting infringement and other related claims in India and abroad. 

|**Trademark**|**Date of registration**|**Validity period**|
|---|---|---|
||<br>February 16, 2000*|<br>10 years from February 16, 2020|
||May 10, 2014**|10 years from May 10, 2014|





- _Registered under Class 7_ 

- _** Registered under Class 37 and 42_ 

45 

# **32.** **_If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to successfully manage, or accurately report, our financial risks._** 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to prepare reliable financial reports and effectively avoid fraud. Moreover, any internal controls that we may implement, or our level of compliance with such controls, may deteriorate over time, due to evolving business conditions. In the past, during the month of February 2019, there has been an instance where our Company has made payment to a fake bank account leading to a net loss of _₹_ 0.06 million to our Company. There can be no assurance that such instances will not occur and that deficiencies in our internal controls will not arise in the future, or that we will be able to implement, and continue to maintain, adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls. 

# **33.** **_We do not hold any patents or other form of intellectual property protection in relation to our manufacturing processes, and our inability to maintain the integrity and secrecy of our manufacturing processes may adversely affect our business._** 

While we possess technical knowledge about our products and design our tools in-house, our know-how may not be adequately protected by intellectual property rights. While we generally take precautions to protect our trade secrets and confidential information against breach of trust by our employees, consultants, job workers, customers and suppliers, it is possible that unauthorized disclosure of our trade secrets or confidential information may occur. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in the protection of our trade secrets and confidential information. Our manufacturing processes may not be eligible for intellectual property protection and others may be able to use the same or similar production processes, thereby undermining any competitive advantage we may have derived from such processes and adversely affecting our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **34.** **_Our success depends on our ability to understand evolving industry trends and to fulfill the changing preferences of our customers._** 

Our ability to anticipate changes in technology and regulatory standards on a timely basis will be a significant factor in our ability to remain competitive. We cannot assure you that we will be able to achieve the technological advances that may be necessary for us to remain competitive. Additionally, to compete effectively in the manufacturing industry, we must be able to fulfil our customers’ changing preferences in a timely manner. Product or technology obsolescence may cause our offerings to lose their competitive edge. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to understand the evolving industry trends, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

# **35.** **_Any downgrade in our credit ratings could increase our borrowing costs, affect our ability to obtain financing, and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

Our Company has a credit rating of CARE A+ stable for long term credit facilities, and CARE A1+ for short term credit facilities as of February 2022. Our credit ratings, which are intended to measure our ability to meet our debt obligations, are a significant factor in determining our finance costs. The interest rates of certain of our borrowings may be significantly dependent on our credit ratings. A downgrade of our credit ratings could lead to greater risk with respect to refinancing our debt and would likely increase our cost of borrowing and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects. 

# **36.** **_We may undertake strategic acquisitions or investments or strategic relocations, which may prove to be difficult to integrate and manage or may not be successful._** 

We may consider making strategic acquisitions of other companies with the belief that their resources, capabilities and strategies are complementary, and are likely, to enhance our business operations. Our Board may identify suitable acquisition or investment opportunities and in the event we do identify such suitable opportunities, we cannot assure you that we will complete those transactions on terms commercially acceptable to us or at all, which may adversely affect our competitiveness and growth prospects. For instance, in the past, we expanded our outreach with the opening of new production facility in Changshu, China in 2010, acquisition of bearing cage production company, Becotek Precision Bearing Components (Suzhou) Co. Ltd. in Suzhou, China in 2014 and European operations in 2016 with the acquisition of our subsidiary Harsha Engineers Europe SRL (formerly known as M/s Johnson Metall S.A.) located in Romania. Further, in order to reduce costs and synerize all our India operations, we have integrated Harsha Group's engineering and solar EPC business and operations into one entity. For further details in relation to such integration, see “ _Our Business - Corporate Reorganisation”_ beginning on page 147. 

Additionally, in furtherance of our endeavour to have strategically located international production units and focus on operational efficiency, we may consider relocation of one or more of our production units. Our Board may consider suitable relocation opportunities and in the event we do identify such suitable opportunities, we cannot assure you that we will complete such relocation on terms commercially acceptable to us or in the manner and within the time period initially contemplated, and such factors may adversely affect our growth prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

46 

# **37.** **_Our business operations may be disrupted by an interruption in power supply, which may impact our business operations._** 

Our units and operations require constant power supply and any disruption in the supply of power may disrupt our operations, which may interfere with manufacturing process requiring us to either stop our operations or repeat activities which may involve additional time and increase our costs. For instance, we had a power supply outage at our manufacturing plant in China, resulting in <mark>temporary closure of the unit or being operated a</mark> t reduced capacity depending on the power availability. As per our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements, our cost of power constituted 3.40%, <mark>3.79% and 3.49%</mark> of our total expenses, respectively, for Fiscals 2022, 2021 and 2020. While we have stand by power supply in the form of DG set and solar roof top plants, this may not be adequate if the disruption in the supply of the power is for a longer period. Additionally, such standby power supply may not be sufficient to enable us to operate our units at full capacity and any such disruption in the primary power supply available at our production units could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **38.** **_Our success largely depends upon the knowledge and experience of our Promoters and our Key Management Personnel as well as our ability to attract and retain skilled personnel. Any loss of our Key Management Personnel or our ability to attract and retain them and other skilled personnel could adversely affect our business, operations and financial conditions._** 

We depend on the management skills and guidance of our Promoters for development of business strategies, monitoring its successful implementation and meeting future challenges. Our Promoters play a key role in our business operations. The success of our business is dependent upon its ability to attract and retain qualified and experienced staff (including senior and middle management with professional qualifications). We are led by a dedicated senior management team with several years of industry experience. In addition, we have an experienced and qualified team of employees. We are dependent on our experienced Promoters, management team and employees and also the ability to attract, retain and motivate skilled personnel to effectively implement our Company’s strategy and serve our customers. 

Many of our personnel possess skills that would be valuable to other companies engaged in one or more of our business lines. Whilst we offer compensation in line with the demand for such skills some of our competitors may be able to pay our employees more than we are able to pay to retain them. Our ability to profitably operate is substantially dependent upon our ability to locate, hire, train and retain our personnel. We may, therefore, incur additional costs in order to attract talented individuals and to retain existing experienced staff. Although we may not have experienced significant difficulty locating, hiring, training or retaining our employees to date, there can be no assurance that we will be able to retain our current personnel, or that we will be able to attract and assimilate other qualified personnel in the future. The attrition rate of our employees in our Company and subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) was 12.51 % <mark>8.29%</mark> , and <mark>7.56%</mark> during Fiscals 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. Our attrition rate has increased during Fiscal 2022, Fiscal <mark>2021</mark> and Fiscal <mark>2020,</mark> if we are unable to attract or retain qualified and experienced staff, our ability to operate and expand our business may be affected, and our operating costs may increase. In the last three years, our Key Management Personnel, Mr. Munjal Rangwala, one of the founder promoters and whole time director of our Company, has ceased to be associated with our Company due to his demise, Mr. Falgun Shah has ceased to be the Chief Financial Officer of our Company and Ms. Aastha Upadhyay has resigned as the Company Secretary, of our Company. Our inability to recruit and retain qualified and experienced staff may limit our competitiveness, interrupt our operations and/or cause customer dissatisfaction, any of which could reduce our revenue and profitability. 

# **39.** **_Failure or disruption of our information and technology (“IT”) and/ or enterprise resources planning systems may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects._** 

The efficient operation of our business depends on our IT infrastructure and our enterprise resources planning systems established at our production units. Our IT infrastructure comprises of third party solutions and applications maintained internally. Since we operate multiple platforms, the failure of our IT infrastructure and/ or our enterprise resources planning systems could disrupt our business and adversely affect our results of operation. In addition, our IT infrastructure and/or our enterprise resources planning systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from, amongst others, natural or man-made disasters, terrorist attacks, computer viruses or hackers, power loss, other computer systems, internet telecommunications or data network failures. Any such interruption could adversely affect our business and results of operations. There has been no such instance of failure of IT and enterprise resource planning systems as on date. However, we cannot assure that such disruptions will not happen in the future. 

Whilst we have deployed IT disaster management systems including data backup and retrieval mechanisms, we cannot assure you that such IT disaster management systems including data backup would be able to ensure sufficient safeguards to prevent significant disruption of our IT systems. Further, we have also installed two Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS) devices in our server rooms in India to ensure uninterrupted power to all of our servers and equipment. We have installed Fortinet 200E firewall in our network gateway for our facilities in India on account of which all of our incoming network traffic and outgoing traffic is filtered through the firewall. We have also installed the same devices in high availability mode which ensures that in case of failure of either device, the second functioning 

47 

device take on a primary role to avoid any failure and ensure the passing of secure network traffic through firewalls. We also have three internet service providers for seamless communication. We are utilising three different internet service providers in order to avoid downtime & dependency and to mitigate the impact of disruptions. We have also hosted our SAP S4 HANA servers on Amazon cloud for high uptime. This is to ensure continuity of business operations in the event of natural calamities like fire, flood, heavy rain etc. as the Amazon cloud servers ensures high uptime, security, data protection & flexibility in scaling hardware sizing as and when required. However, we cannot assure you that such measures will be enough and any failure or disruption in the operation of these systems or the loss of data due to such failure or disruption (including due to human error) may affect our ability to plan, track, record and analyse work in progress and revenue, process financial information, manage our creditors, debtors and hedging positions, or otherwise conduct our normal business operations, which may increase our costs and otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 

# **40.** **_Any material deviation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus shall be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior approval of the shareholders of our Company._** 

We propose to utilize the Net Proceeds for <mark>prepayment or schedule repayment of certain indebtedness availed by our Company, funding capital expenditure towards purchase of machinery and for i</mark> nfrastructure repairs and renovation of our existing <mark>units and ancillary structures in India.</mark> Such objects have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution, for further details of the proposed objects of the Offer, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” beginning on page 90. At this juncture, we cannot determine with any certainty if we would require the Net Proceeds to meet any other expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of competitive environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. In accordance with Sections 13(8) and 27 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Schedules XI and XX of the SEBI ICDR Regulation, any material deviation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus requires the Company to obtain the approval of shareholders of our Company through a special resolution. In such event, we may not be able to obtain the approval of the shareholders of our Company in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such approval of the shareholders of our Company may adversely affect our business or operations. 

Further, our Company and Promoters would be required to provide an exit opportunity to the shareholders of our Company who do not agree with the material deviation of the proposed utilization of Net Proceeds, at a price and manner as prescribed by SEBI. Additionally, the requirement on Promoters to provide an exit opportunity to such dissenting shareholders of our Company may deter the Promoters from agreeing to the material deviation of the proposed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, even if such material deviation is in the interest of our Company. Further, we cannot assure you that the Promoters will have adequate resources at their disposal at all times to enable them to provide an exit opportunity. 

In light of these factors, we may not be able to undertake material deviation of the proposed utilization of the Net Proceeds to use any unutilized proceeds of the Offer, if any, even if such material deviation is in the interest of our Company. This may restrict our Company’s ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition by re-deploying the unutilized portion of Offer Proceeds, if any, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

# **41.** **_Our business is subject to costs, risks and uncertainties, including those associated with laws and regulations in domestic and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate, tariffs and trade relations and international political conditions. Breach of applicable laws and regulations could adversely affect our business, operations and reputation._** 

Our overseas business and growth initiatives are also exposed to changes in international tariffs, trade relations and policies, including renegotiated trade agreements, import and export license requirements, anti dumping policies and imposition of tariffs that make unjustified, unreasonable or discriminatory trade actions impacting the countries in which we have a presence. There is no assurance that cost increases resulting from trade policies and tariffs will not adversely impact our profitability. Our sales may also be adversely impacted if tariffs are assessed directly on the products we produce or on our customers’ products containing content sourced from us. In addition, political activities within the countries where we conduct business, and geo-political relation between India and China could also adversely impact our ability to operate in those countries. If we are unable to comply with any applicable domestic or foreign laws, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Further, changes in domestic and foreign laws, regulations and policies, including restrictions on trade, import and export license requirements, and tariffs and taxes, intellectual property enforcement issues as well as changes in policies relating to foreign trade and investment, change in status as an MSME etc. may affect our ability to operate and the manner in which we manage our business in the countries in which we operate. 

# **42.** **_We have entered into and will continue to enter into, related party transactions._** 

We have entered into and may in the course of our business continue to enter into transactions specified in the financial results contained in this Red Herring Prospectus with related parties that include our Promoters and certain of our 

48 

Group Companies. For further details in relation to our related party transactions, see “ _Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 237. Although all related party transactions that we have or may enter into, have been and will continue to be on arm’s length commercial terms, or subject to board or shareholders’ approval, as necessary under the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI LODR Regulations, we cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations or that we could not have achieved more favorable terms if such transactions had not been entered into with related parties. Furthermore, it is likely that we may enter into related party transactions in the future. Additionally, any such future transactions with our related parties could potentially involve conflicts of interest. 

Brief details of the related party transactions of the Company for the last three Fiscals are as follows: 

||**Fiscal**|**2022**|**Fiscal**|**2021**|**Fiscal**|**2020**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particular**|**Amount (₹**<br>|**% of**<br>|**Amount (₹**<br>|**% of**<br>|**Amount (₹**<br>|**% of**<br>|
||**in million)**|**revenue**|**in million)**|**revenue**|**in million)**|**revenue**|
|**1. Subsidiary/ Associate / Joint Ven**|<br>**ture Transac**|**tions^**|||||
|Purchase of Goods / Job work /<br>Service/ Assets / Reimbursement|0.10|0.00%|14.37|0.16%|20.36|0.23%|
|Sales of Goods/ Assets/Lease Rent/<br>Reimbursement|62.72|0.47%|55.11|0.63%|115.05|1.30%|
|Loans Given|48.33|0.37%|-|-|24.45|0.28%|
|Investment In Equity / Partner's<br>Capital /Current A/c/ Share Profit<br>from LLP|252.74|1.91%|8.33|0.10%|11.73|0.13%|
|Interest Income|6.08|0.05%|7.19|0.08%|7.83|0.09%|
|_^ Transaction with Subsidiaries are e_|_liminated in t_|_he consolidat_|_ed financials_||||
|**2. Key Management Personnel Tra**|**nsactions**||||||
|Remuneration|64.39|0.49%|66.87|0.77%|33.95|0.38%|
|Dividend|-|-|-|-|48.82|0.55%|
|Loan Accepted|203.15|1.54%|39.40|0.45%|153.67|1.73%|
|Loans Repaid|228.58|1.73%|37.70|0.43%|300.00|3.39%|
|Interest Expense|21.37|0.16%|10.43|0.12%|3.28|0.04%|
|Sitting Fees|0.38|0.00%|0.26|0.00%|0.36|0.00%|
|Loan Given|-|-|0.08|0.00%|-|-|
|Interest Income|0.00|0.00%|0.00|0.00%|-|-|
|Loans Received Back|0.01|0.00%|0.01|0.00%|-|-|
|Sales of Goods|2.01|0.02%|-|-|-|-|
|**3. Relative of Key Management Pe**|**rsonnel Tran**|**sactions**|||||
|Dividend|-|-|-|-|35.21|0.40%|
|Deposits Accepted|186.55|1.41%|26.70|0.31%|31.40|0.35%|
|Deposits Repaid|131.64|1.00%|48.23|0.55%|5.45|0.06%|
|Interest Expense|13.34|0.10%|1.62|0.02%|2.53|0.03%|
|<br>Remuneration|-|-|-|0.00%|1.85|0.02%|
|Purchase of Service|0.31|0.00%|0.31|0.00%|0.31|0.00%|
|**4. Enterprise on which Directors a**|**nd KMPs hav**|**e significant**|**influence an**|**d control T**|**ransactions**||
|Purchase of Goods / Job work /|1.48|0.01%|34.43|0.39%|7.35|0.08%|
|Assets<br>/<br>Reimbursement<br>/<br>Contribution / CSR|||||||
|Sales of Goods/ Assets/Lease Rent/<br>Reimbursement|0.27|0.00%|-|-|-|-|
|Loans Given|0.02|0.00%|0.03|0.00%|0.00|0.00%|
|Loans Repaid|0.04|0.00%|-|-|-|-|
|**Total Related party transactions**|**1,223.51**|**9.26%**|**351.07**|**4.02%**|**803.60**|**9.07%**|



For details of the related party transactions and as reported in the Restated Consolidated Financial Statements, see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Statements– Note 33_ ” on page 237. 

# **43.** **_Our Promoters, Directors and Key Management Personnel may have interests in us other than reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration or benefits._** 

Our Promoters may be interested in our Company to the extent of the Equity Shares held by them in our Company, and any dividends, bonuses or other distributions on such Equity Shares. For details of shareholding of our Promoters in our Company, see “ _Capital Structure –Details of shareholding of our Promoters and members of the Promoter Group in our Company”_ on page 81. We have also availed unsecured loan and/or deposits from certain of our 

49 

Promoters, Directors and promoter group members. For details on such unsecured loan and/or deposits, see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Statements_ ” on page 203. Our Promoters and Executive Directors are also interested to the extent of any related party transactions with our Company. For details on related party transactions, see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Statements_ ”. Our Independent Director, Ramakrishnan Kasinathan, has entered into a consultancy agreement with our Company pursuant to which he is interested to the extent of the consultancy fees and conveyance expenses, for details see _“Our Management - Interest of Directors”_ on page 183. Further, our Directors may be interested in our Company to the extent of their shareholding in our Company. For details of shareholding of our directors in our Company, see “ _Our Management - shareholding of Directors in our Company”_ on page 183. Our Key Management Personnel, Mr. Maulik Jasani may be interested in our Company to the extent of lease of car by Maulik Jasani HUF to our Company. Our Key Management Personnel, Mr. Kiran Mohanty may be interested in our Company to the extent of unsecured loan availed by him. For details on such car lease and loan transactions, see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Statements_ ” on page 203. 

# **44.** **_Our insurance coverage could prove inadequate to cover our losses. If we were to incur a serious uninsured loss or a loss that significantly exceed the limits of our insurance policies, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We could face liabilities or otherwise suffer losses should any unforeseen incident such as fire, flood, and accidents affecting our warehouses or in the regions/areas where we operate from. We maintain appropriate insurance coverage, commensurate with industry standards, in relation to property, stock and money for our warehouses, transit insurance, and product liability. As of March 31, 2022, the cumulative insurance coverage obtained by our Company, amongst others, in relation to property, stock and money for our warehouses, transit insurance, and product liability, amounted to ₹ 31,844.07 million. There are possible losses, which we may not have insured against or covered or wherein the insurance cover in relation to the same may not be adequate. We may face losses in the absence of insurance and even in cases in which any such loss may be insured, we may not be able to recover the entire claim from insurance companies. Any damage suffered by us in excess of such limited coverage amounts, or in respect of uninsured events, not covered by such insurance policies will have to be borne by us. 

While we have obtained insurance against losses which are most likely to occur in our line of business, there may be certain losses which may not be covered by our Company, which we have not ascertained as at date. As of March 31, 2022, for our principal production units in India, China and Romania, our Company has obtained cumulative insurance coverage amounting to approximately ₹ 9,940.03 million, for any loss to plant, property and equipment (excluding land and leased assets). As of March 31, 2022, our insurance coverage as a percentage of plant, property and equipment (excluding land and leased assets) is 142.85%. Further, while there has been no past instance of inadequate insurance coverage for any loss, we cannot assure that we will continue to accurately ascertain and maintain adequate insurance for losses that may be incurred in the future. Any claim brought against us, with or without merit, could result in reputational damage, and even unsuccessful claims could result in substantial costs and diversion of management resources. A successful claim not fully covered by our insurance could have a negative impact on our reputation, financial condition, and results of operations. For more details on the insurance policies availed by us, see “ _Our Business - Insurance_ ” on page 159. 

# **45.** **_We will continue to be controlled by our Promoters after the completion of the Offer._** 

As of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters hold directly <mark>57.43%</mark> and together with the Promoter Group 99.70% of our entire pre-Offer issued and paid equity share capital. Furthermore, after the completion of this Offer, our Promoters will continue to control, directly or indirectly our Company and continue to hold substantial percentage of the issued and paid up equity share capital of our Company. As a result, our Promoters will continue to exercise significant control over us, including being able to control the composition of our board of directors and determine decisions requiring simple or special majority voting, and our other shareholders will be unable to affect the outcome of such voting. Our Promoters may take or block actions with respect to our business, which may conflict with our interests or the interests of our minority shareholders, such as actions which delay, defer or cause a change of our control or a change in our capital structure, merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us, or which discourage or encourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 

In addition, and in the event of any such change of control, merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us, a transfer of shares by our Promoters, or actions such as a preferential allotment to any investor or a conversion of any convertible instruments, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial performance and results of operations. 

We cannot assure you that our Promoters will act in our interest, or in the interests of minority shareholders, while exercising their rights in our Company. 

50 

# **46.** **_Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements and capital expenditures._** 

Our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements reflect payment of dividend by our Company in Fiscal 2020 pursuant to giving effect to the Business Reorganisation Scheme. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements and capital expenditures. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. For details of dividend paid by our Company in the past, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 202. 

**47.** **_We have not yet placed orders in relation to the capital expenditure to be incurred for the purchase of machinery and for the proposed infrastructure repairs and renovation of our existing production units including office premises in India. In the event of any delay in placing the orders, or in the event the vendors are not able to provide the machinery or other materials in a timely manner, or at all, may result in time and cost overruns and our business, prospects and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

We intend to utilize portions of the Net Proceeds for funding capital expenditure requirements towards purchase of machinery and for the proposed infrastructure repairs and renovation of our existing production units including office premises in India. While we have procured quotations from various vendors in relation to the capital expenditure to be incurred, we have not placed any firm orders for any of them. For details in respect of the foregoing, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 90. Such quotations are valid for a certain period of time and may be subject to revisions, and other commercial and technical factors. We cannot assure you that we will be able to undertake such capital expenditure within the cost indicated by such quotations or that there will not be cost escalations. Further, the actual amount and timing of our future capital requirements may differ from our estimates as a result of, among other things, unforeseen delays or cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, engineering design changes and technological changes. In the event of any delay in placing the orders, or an escalation in the cost of acquisition of the equipment or in the event the vendors are not able to provide the equipment in a timely manner, or at all, we may encounter time and cost overruns. Further, if we are unable to procure the requisite materials from the vendors from whom we have procured quotations, we cannot assure you that we may be able to identify alternate vendors to provide us with the materials which satisfy our requirements at acceptable prices. Our inability to procure the machinery and equipment at acceptable prices or in a timely manner, may result in an increase in capital expenditure, the proposed schedule of implementation and deployment of the Net Proceeds may be extended or may vary accordingly, thereby resulting in an adverse effect on our business, prospects and results of operations. 

# **48.** **_Our management will have broad discretion in how we apply the Net Proceeds, including interim use of the Net Proceeds, and there is no assurance that the objects of the Offer will be achieved within the time frame expected or at all, or that the deployment of the Net Proceeds in the manner intended by us will result in any increase in the value of your investment._** 

Our Company intends to use the Net Proceeds for the purposes described in “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” beginning on page 90. Subject to this section, our management will have broad discretion to use the Net Proceeds, and investors will be relying on the judgment of our management regarding the application of the Net Proceeds. Moreover, in accordance with Sections 13(8) and 27 of the Companies Act, 2013, we cannot undertake any material deviation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus without obtaining the approval of shareholders of our Company through a special resolution. Our Company may have to revise its management estimates from time to time on account of various factors beyond its control, such as market conditions, competitive environment, costs of commodities and interest or exchange rate fluctuations and consequently its requirements may change. Additionally, various risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in this section may limit or delay our efforts to use the Net Proceeds to achieve profitable growth in its business. For instance, our capital expenditure plans could be delayed due to failure to receive regulatory approvals, technical difficulties, human resource, technological or other resource constraints, including increases in raw material costs, or for other unforeseen reasons, events or circumstances. 

Further, we will appoint a monitoring agency for monitoring the utilisation of Net Proceeds in accordance with Regulation 41 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the monitoring agency will submit its report to us on a quarterly basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Further, the application of the Net Proceeds in our business may not lead to an increase in the value of your investment. Various risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in this section “Risk Factors”, may limit or delay our efforts to use the Net Proceeds to achieve profitable growth in our business. 

51 

# **49.** **_Our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of Net Proceeds have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution or any other independent agency and our management will have broad discretion over the use of the Net Proceeds._** 

We intend to utilize the Net Proceeds of the Offer as set forth in “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” beginning on page 90. The funding requirements mentioned as a part of the objects of the Offer are based on internal management estimates in view of past expenditures and have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. This is based on current conditions and is subject to change in light of changes in external circumstances, costs, business initiatives, other financial conditions or business strategies and since we have not presently entered into any definitive agreements for the use of Net Proceeds. 

Various risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in this section, may limit or delay our efforts to use the Net Proceeds to achieve profitable growth in our business. For example, we may also use funds for future businesses and products which may have risks significantly different from what we currently face or may expect. Accordingly, use of the Net Proceeds for other purposes identified by our management may not result in actual growth of our business, increased profitability or an increase in the value of our business and your investment. For further details, please see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” beginning on page 90. 

# **50.** **_Corrupt practices or fraud or improper conduct may delay the development of a product and adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

The manufacturing industries in India and elsewhere are not immune to the risks of corrupt practices or fraud or improper practices. The manufacturing in all parts of the world provide opportunities for corruption, fraud or improper conduct, including bribery, deliberate poor workmanship, theft or embezzlement by employees, contractors or customers or the deliberate supply of low quality materials. If we or any other persons involved in any of the production unit which are the victim of or involved in any such practices, our reputation or our ability to complete the relevant projects as contemplated may be disrupted, thereby adversely affecting our business and results of operations. 

# **51.** **_Our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale by the Selling Shareholders._** 

The Offer consists of the Fresh Issue by our Company and an Offer for Sale by the Selling Shareholders. The entire proceeds of the Offer for Sale will be respectively transferred to the Selling Shareholders and will not result in any creation of value for us or in respect of your investment in our Company. For further details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” and “ _Capital Structure_ ” on pages 90 and 76, respectively. 

# **EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

# **52.** **_Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application or interpretation of corporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations applicable to us and our business. Our business, results of operations and prospects may be adversely impacted, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. Any political instability in the countries in which we operate, such as corruption, scandals and protests against certain economic reforms, which have occurred in the past, could slow the pace of liberalization and deregulation. The rate of economic liberalization could change, and specific laws and policies affecting foreign investment, currency exchange rates and other matters affecting investment in India could change as well. 

The GoI has passed new laws relating to social security, occupational safety, industrial relations and wages namely, the Code on Social Security, 2020 (“Social Security Code”), the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020, the Industrial Relations Code, 2020 and the Code on Wages, 2019, respectively which were to take effect from April 1, 2021 (collectively, the “Labour Codes”). The GoI has deferred the effective date of implementation of the respective Labour Codes, and they shall come into force from such dates as may be notified. Different dates may also be appointed for the coming into force of different provisions of the Labour Codes. While the rules for implementation under these codes have not been finalised, as an immediate consequence, the coming into force of these codes could increase the financial burden on our Company, which may adversely impact our profitability. For instance, under the Social Security Code, a new concept of deemed remuneration has been introduced, such that where an employee receives more than half (or such other percentage as may be notified by the Central Government) of their total remuneration in the form of allowances and other amounts that are not included within the definition of wages under the Social Security Code, the excess amount received shall be deemed as remuneration and accordingly be added to wages for the purposes of the Social Security Code and the compulsory contribution to be made towards the employees’ provident fund. 

52 

Further, the application of various Indian tax laws, rules and regulations to our business, currently or in the future, is subject to interpretation by the applicable taxation authorities. For instance, the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2019, a tax legislation issued by the Ministry of Finance, GoI, effective as of September 20, 2019, prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. According to this legislation, companies can henceforth voluntarily opt in favor of a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which reduces the basic rate of income tax payable to 22% subject to compliance with conditions prescribed, from the erstwhile 25% or 30% depending upon the total turnover or gross receipt in the relevant period. Any such future amendments may affect our other benefits such as loss of minimum alternate tax carry forward, exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemption for interest received in respect of tax free bonds, and long-term capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse orders passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. We have had instances where orders by courts and tribunals have had an effect on our profitability. 

The Finance Bill, 2022 has received assent from the President of India on March 30, 2022, and has been enacted as the Finance Act, 2022 (“ **Finance Act** ”). Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. For instance, the Supreme Court of India has, in a decision clarified the components of basic wages, which need to be considered by companies while making provident fund payments. Our Company has not made relevant provisions for the same, as on date. Any such decisions in future or any further changes in interpretation of laws may have an impact on our results of operations. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

# **53.** **_Any downgrading of India’s debt rating by an international rating agency could have a negative impact on our business and financial performance and the trading price of our Equity Shares post listing._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. Any adverse revisions to India's sovereign credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely affect our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing is available. India's sovereign rating is Baa3 with a “stable” outlook (Moody's), BBB- with a “stable” outlook (S&P) and BBB- with a “negative” outlook (Fitch). Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favourable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business, cash flows and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. If inflation rises in India, increased costs may result in a decline in profits. 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increasing inflation in India could cause a rise in the costs of rent, wages, raw materials and other expenses. High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our customers, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. If we are unable to increase our revenues sufficiently to offset our increased costs due to inflation, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations, and prospects. Further, the GoI has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

# **54.** **_We may be affected by competition law in India and any adverse application or interpretation of the Competition Act could adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, as amended (“ **Competition Act** ”), regulates practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India. Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition is considered void and results in the imposition of substantial monetary penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly: (i) involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or provision of services; (ii) shares the market or 

53 

source of production or provision of services by way of allocation of geographical area, type of goods or services or number of customers in the relevant market; or (iii) results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. The combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to, and pre-approved by, the Competition Control Commission of India (“ **CCI** ”). Additionally, the Competition Commission of India (Procedure in regard to the Transaction of Business Relating to Combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, set out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. The CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. We may also be subject to queries and proceedings from the CCI. 

If we are affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, or any award passed by the CCI, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI or if any prohibition or substantial penalties are levied under the Competition Act, it would adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **55.** **_Natural and man-made disasters, including terrorist attacks, pandemics, and the inefficient management of the effects of such disasters, may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Natural disasters such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, pandemics, cyclones and droughts of a significant scale, may cause damage or disruption to our units, adversely affect our production capabilities by reducing the volume of products we can manufacture, and cause us to suffer significant losses. We may also be adversely impacted by government responses to such natural disasters and pandemics such as lockdowns and restrictions in movement imposed as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. For further discussion on COVID-19, see “ _– The current outbreak of COVID-19 has caused severe disruptions in the Indian and global economy and adversely impacted our business. The continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, operating results, cash flows and/or financial condition are uncertain and cannot be predicted._ ” on page 28. Furthermore, there is a risk that we may be subject to terrorist attacks which may disrupt or damage our units. Any damage or failure resulting from natural or man-made disasters, including explosions, terrorist attacks, as well as inefficient management of the effects of any such disaster, may cause temporary or extended interruptions in the completion or operation of our production units, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **56.** **_Foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions under Indian law, which could limit our ability to attract foreign investors and our ability to raise foreign capital may be constrained by Indian law, which in turn could adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares._** 

Foreign investment in Indian securities is subject to regulation by Indian regulatory authorities. Under the foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfers of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions) if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert the Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into a foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India will require a no-objection certificate or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. Additionally, the GoI may impose foreign exchange restrictions in certain emergency situations, including situations where there are sudden fluctuations in interest rates or exchange rates, where the GoI experiences extreme difficulty in stabilizing the balance of payments, or where there are substantial disturbances in the financial and capital markets in India. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. Further, in accordance with Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020 issued by the DPIIT and the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Amendment Rules, 2019 which came into effect from April 22, 2020, any investment into India by an entity of a country which shares a land border with India, or the beneficial owner of an investment into India who is situated in or is a citizen of any such country, shall require the approval of the Government of India, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy and the FEMA Rules. For further details, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 339. 

As an Indian company, we are also subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies. Such regulatory restrictions limit our financing sources and could constrain our ability to obtain financing on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, we cannot assure you that any required regulatory approvals for borrowing in foreign currencies will be granted to us without onerous conditions, or at all. Limitations on foreign debt may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

54 

# **57.** **_Investors may have difficulty enforcing foreign judgments against us or our management._** 

We are a public company incorporated under the laws of India. The majority of our directors and key management personnel are residents of India and the majority of our assets are located in India.. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon us or such persons outside of India, or to enforce judgments obtained against such parties outside of India. 

Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13 of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 (“ **CPC** ”) on a statutory basis. Section 13 of the CPC provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated upon, except: (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction; (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case; (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or a refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable; (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice; (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud; and (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. Under the CPC, a court in India shall, upon the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgment, presume that the judgment was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record. However, under the CPC, such presumption may be displaced by proving that the court did not have jurisdiction. 

Among others, the United Kingdom, Singapore, the United Arab Emirates and Hong Kong have been declared by the GoI to be reciprocating territories for the purposes of Section 44A of the CPC. Section 44A of the CPC provides that where a foreign judgment has been rendered by a superior court, within the meaning of that Section, in any country or territory outside of India which the Central Government has by notification declared to be in a reciprocating territory, it may be enforced in India by proceedings in execution as if the judgment had been rendered by the relevant court in India. However, Section 44A of the CPC is applicable only to monetary decrees not being of the same nature as amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges of a like nature or of a fine or other penalties. 

The United States and India do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments, other than arbitration awards, in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any federal or state court in the United States on civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the federal securities laws of the United States, would not be enforceable in India. However, the party in whose favor such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the United States. The suit must be brought in India within three years from the date of the judgment in the same manner as any other suit filed to enforce a civil liability in India. 

It is uncertain as to whether an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments that would contravene or violate Indian law. However, a party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain approval from the RBI to execute such a judgment or to repatriate any amount recovered. 

# **58.** **_Significant differences exist between Ind AS used to prepare our financial information and other accounting principles, such as IFRS and U.S. GAAP, with which investors may be more familiar._** 

Our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus is presented in conformity with Ind AS, restated in accordance with the requirements of Section 26 of part I of the Companies Act, 2013, the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note on “Reports in Company Prospectus (Revised 2019)” issued by the ICAI. Ind AS differs from accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar, such as IFRS and U.S. GAAP. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of U.S. GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements to those of U.S. GAAP or IFRS. U.S. GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the Ind AS financial statements, which are restated as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations included in this Red Herring Prospectus, will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

# **RISKS RELATING TO THE OFFER AND THE EQUITY SHARES** 

**59.** **_Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and may experience price and volume fluctuations following the completion of the Offer. Further, our Equity Shares may not result in an active or liquid market and the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price or at all. The Offer Price is also not indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for our Equity Shares will develop or, if developed, does not guarantee the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. Investors might not be able to rapidly sell the Equity Shares at the quoted price if there is no active trading in the Equity Shares. The Offer 

55 

Price will be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholders in consultation with the BRLMs through the Book Building Process. The Offer Price will be based on numerous factors, including certain qualitative and quantitative factors, the basic and diluted earnings per share, price earnings ratio in relation to the offer price per equity share of the face value, comparison with listed industry peers, if any, and return on net worth as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 102 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. 

The market price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate as a result of, among other things, the following factors, some of which are beyond our control: 

- quarterly variations in our results of operations; 

- results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

- results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 

- changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by research analysts and investors; 

- a change in research analysts’ recommendations; 

- announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments; 

- announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us; 

- developments relating to our peer companies in our industry; 

- new laws and governmental regulations applicable to our industry; 

- additions or departures of key management personnel; 

- changes in exchange rates 

- speculative trading in the Equity Shares; 

- investor perception of our Company; 

- the public’s reaction to our press releases and adverse media reports; 

- fluctuations in stock market prices and volume; 

- change in GST rates and/or direct tax rates; and 

- general economic and stock market conditions. 

Changes in relation to any of the factors listed above could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. The market price of the Equity Shares may decline below the Offer Price and investors may not be able to re-sell Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, resulting in a loss of all or part of the investment. 

# **60.** **_You may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws and regulations, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realized on the sale of equity shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold using any other platform other than on a recognized stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, are subject to long-term capital gains tax in India. 

The Finance Act, 2019 amended the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 with effect from July 1, 2020 and clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. The Finance Act, 2020, has, among others things, provided a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime, including, without limitation, a simplified alternate direct tax regime and that dividend distribution tax will not be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, that such 

56 

dividends not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident, and that such dividends likely be subject to tax deduction at source. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source from such dividend. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short-term capital gains tax in India. In cases where the seller is a non-resident, capital gains arising from the sale of the equity shares will be partially or wholly exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Historically, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the equity shares. 

Further, we cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Further, the Finance Bill, 2022 has received assent from the President of India on March 30, 2022, and has been enacted as the Finance Act, 2022.There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2022 may have on our business and operations or in the industry we operate in. 

# **61.** **_Any future issuance of Equity Shares or convertible securities or other equity linked securities of our Company may dilute your shareholding and sales of the Equity Shares by significant shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by our Company, including a primary offering or through the ESOP Scheme may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. Any future issuances of Equity Shares or the disposal of Equity Shares by our significant Shareholders or the perception that such issuance or sale may occur may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of the Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. We cannot assure you that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that the Shareholders will not dispose of, pledge or otherwise encumber the Equity Shares held by them (subject to lock-in provisions under the SEBI ICDR Regulations). Any future issuances could also dilute the value of your investment in the Equity Shares. We may also issue convertible debt securities to finance our future growth or fund our business activities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. 

# **62.** **_Fluctuation in the exchange rate of the Rupee and other currencies could have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

Our Equity Shares will be quoted in Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends, if declared, in respect of our Equity Shares will be paid in Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to investors. In addition, any adverse movement in exchange rates during a delay in repatriating the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares outside India, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the net proceeds received by shareholders. 

The exchange rate of the Rupee has changed substantially in the last two decades and could fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Equity Shares and returns from the Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

# **63.** **_Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, 2013 a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution by our Company. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction the investors are located in, do not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless our Company makes such a filing. If our Company elects not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in our Company would be reduced. 

57 

# **64.** **_QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after Bid/Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Bidders can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until the Bid/Offer Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within six working days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date (or such other period as prescribed under applicable laws), events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, cash flows, financial condition or results of operations or may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

# **65.** **_A third party could be prevented from acquiring control of our Company because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian law._** 

There are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company, even if a change in control would result in the purchase of your Equity Shares at a premium to the market price or would otherwise be beneficial to you. Such provisions may discourage or prevent certain types of transactions involving actual or threatened change in control of our Company. Under the SEBI Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to its stakeholders, it is possible that such a takeover would not be attempted or consummated because of the SEBI Takeover Regulations. 

58 

