# **SECTION III- RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of financial risk. You should carefully consider all information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risk factors set forth below do not purport to be complete or comprehensive in terms of all the risk factors that may arise in connection with our business or any decision to purchase, own or dispose off the Equity Shares. This section addresses general risks associated with the industry in which we operate and specific risks associated with our Company. Any of the following risks, as well as the other risks and uncertainties discussed in this Red Herring Prospectus, could have a material adverse effect on our business and could cause the trading price of our Equity Shares to decline and you may lose all or part of your investment._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. We have described the risks and uncertainties that our management believes are material, but these risks and uncertainties may not be the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties, including those we are not aware of or deem immaterial, may also result in decreased revenues, increased expenses or other events that could result in a decline in the value of our Equity Shares. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of our Company and the Offer, including the merits and risks involved. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section. Investors are advised to read the risk factors carefully before taking an investment decision in this Offer. Investors should not invest in this Offer unless they are prepared to accept the risk of losing all or part of their investment, and they should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in the Equity Shares._ 

_To obtain a better understanding of our business, you should read this section in conjunction with other chapters of this Red Herring Prospectus, including the chapters titled “Our Business”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”, “Industry Overview “and “Financial Information” on page nos.130, 261, 101 and 210 respectively of this Red Herring Prospectus, together with all other financial information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_Unless otherwise stated, the financial data in this chapter is derived from our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements for the period and years ended December 31, 2022, March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021and March 31, 2020 as included in “Financial Information” on page no.210 of this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

**_1. Our Promoter/Director, our Subsidiaries and our Group Companies are parties to certain legal proceedings. Any adverse decision in such proceedings may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our Promoters, Directors, our Subsidiaries and our Group Companies are parties to certain legal proceedings. These legal proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and forums. Mentioned below are the details of the proceedings involving our Promotes, Directors, our Subsidiaries and our Group Companies as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus along with the amount involved, to the extent quantifiable, based on the materiality policy for litigations, as approved by the Company in its Board meeting held on March 07, 2022. 

|**_Name of_**<br>**_Entity_**|**_Criminal_**<br>**_Proceeding_**|**_Tax_**<br>**_Proceeding_**|**_Statutory or_**<br>**_Regulatory_**<br>**_Proceeding_**<br>**Company**|**_Disciplinary_**<br>**_actions by the_**<br>**_SEBI or Stock_**<br>**_Exchanges_**<br>**_against our_**<br>**_Promoters_**|**_Material Civil_**<br>**_Litigation_**|**_Aggregate_**<br>**_amount_**<br>**_involved (Rs in_**<br>**_lakhs) to the_**<br>**_extent_**<br>**_quantifiable_**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|By the<br>Company|-|-|-|-|-|NIL|
|Against<br>the<br>Company|1|2|5|-|1|506.52|
||||**Directors **<sup>**(1)**</sup>||||
|By<br>our<br>directors|-|-|-|-|-|NIL|



25 

|**_Name of_**<br>**_Entity_**|**_Criminal_**<br>**_Proceeding_**|**_Tax_**<br>**_Proceeding_**|**_Statutory or_**<br>**_Regulatory_**<br>**_Proceeding_**|**_Disciplinary_**<br>**_actions by the_**<br>**_SEBI or Stock_**<br>**_Exchanges_**<br>**_against our_**<br>**_Promoters_**|**_Material Civil_**<br>**_Litigation_**|**_Aggregate_**<br>**_amount_**<br>**_involved (Rs in_**<br>**_lakhs) to the_**<br>**_extent_**<br>**_quantifiable_**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Against<br>the<br>|-|1|-|-|-|246.73|
|Directors|||||||
||||**Promoters **<sup>**(2)**</sup>||||
|ByPromoters|-|-|-|-|-|NIL|
|Against<br>|1|2|-|-|-|525.82|
|Promoters|||**Subsidiaries **<sup>**(3)(**</sup>|<sup>**4)**</sup>|||
|B|||||||
|y<br>Subsidiaries|1|6|-|-|-|2,168.36|
|Against<br>|1|3|3|-|1|1,211.86|
|Subsidiaries<br>B<br>G||**G**|**roup Companie**|**s**<sup>**(5)**</sup>|||
|y<br>roup<br>Companies|-|1|-|-|-|498.58|
|Against<br>Group|-|-|-|-|-|NIL|
|<br>Companies<br>* Details of f<br>Developments”|or further the<br>beginningonpa|outstanding lit<br>ge 290 of this R|igation proceedin<br>ed HerringProspe|gs, see “Outsta<br>ctus.|nding Litigation|s and Material|



_(1) Other than proceedings involving our directors to which our Company is also a party._ 

_(2) Other than proceedings involving our Promoter to which Company and our Directors are also parties._ 

_(3) Multiple subsidiaries and group companies are parties to single proceedings._ 

_(4) Other than proceedings involving our Subsidiary to which our Company is also a party._ 

_(5) Other than proceedings involving our Group Companies to which our Company and/or Subsidiaries are also_ _<u>parties.</u>_ 

There can be no assurance that these litigations will be decided in favour of our Promoters, Directors, our Subsidiaries, and our Group Companies, respectively, and consequently it may divert the attention of our management and Promoters and waste our corporate resources and we may incur significant expenses in such proceedings and may have to make provisions in our financial statements, which could increase our expenses and liabilities. If such claims are determined against us, there could be a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations, which could adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. For the details of the cases please refer the chapter titled “ _Outstanding Litigations and Material Developments_ ” on page no. 290 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_2. We derive a significant portion of our revenue from meat business and any reduction in demand or in the production of such products could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We derive a significant portion of our revenue from meat business, which primarily comprises the sale of frozen deboned buffalo meat products. Our total income for the nine months ended December 31, 2022, year ended March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021and March 31, 2020 were ₹ 24,178.21 million, ₹ 31,389.76 million, ₹17,203.96 million and ₹24,166.13 million respectively. As compared to FY 2019 there was a reduction in sales in FY 2020 of 13% and thereafter as compared to FY 2020 there was a further reduction in sales in FY 2021 of 29%. The reason for these reductions in Total Income was due to effects of Covid-19 Pandemic and also due to strategically reducing our focus on low margin markets & gradually shifting towards higher margin markets which can be clearly seen in our financial results wherein our EBIDTA margins have increased from 3.25 % in FY 2020 to over 5.60 % in FY 2022. Hence, we have not experienced any reduction of demand for our products. However, consequently, any reduction in demand or a temporary or permanent discontinuation of processing of such products could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Any materially adverse social, political or economic development, natural calamities, civil disruptions, regulatory developments or changes in the policies of the government could adversely affect our processing and distribution activities, result in modification of our business strategy, or require us to incur significant capital expenditure, which will in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, 

26 

and cash flows. Further, our sales may decline as a result of increased competition, regulatory action, pricing pressures, fluctuations in the demand for or supply of our products or services, or the outbreak of an infectious disease such as COVID-19. Our failure to effectively react to these situations or to successfully introduce new products or services in these markets could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. The occurrence of, or our inability to effectively respond to, any unfavorable events or effectively manage the competition in the region, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and future business prospects. 

**_3. We require certain approvals and licenses in the ordinary course of business and are required to comply with certain rules and regulations to operate our business, and the failure to obtain, retain and renew such approvals and licenses in timely manner or comply with such rules and regulations or at all may adversely affect our operations._** 

We require several statutory and regulatory permits, licenses and approvals to operate our business. Many of these approvals are granted for fixed periods of time and need renewal from time to time. Non-renewal of the said permits, approvals and licenses would adversely affect our operations, thereby having a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. There can be no assurance that the relevant authorities will issue any of such permits, approvals and licenses in the time-frame anticipated by us or at all. 

Our Company and its processing facilities are yet to apply for the certificate of registration as principal employer under the Contract Labour (Regulation & Abolition) Act, 1970 in respect of the contract labor employed by us from time to time. Our Aligarh plant has received the permission from the Hon’ble High Court, at Allahabad, Lucknow vide Order dated March 02, 2023 to run the plant on trial basis for the period of eight weeks and in the ninth week, an inspection shall be conducted by the UP Pollution Control Board. The Company has started the trial run in accordance with the said Order of the Hon’ble High Court, at Allahabad, Lucknow. If and once the plant is approved by the UP Pollution Control Board, we will obtain all other relevant approvals prior to commencement of commercial production at the plant and comply with the other conditions, if any, imposed by the relevant authorities.  The Manesar and Jaipur plants are currently non-operational and the Company is taking relevant steps to restart these plants. Hence, we will need to obtain various approvals prior to re-starting these plants. Accordingly, once relevant consents/approvals are obtained for each of these plants, the Company would be able to recommence operations at these plants. Further, the trial run at Haryana plant has been completed, and the plant has commenced its production for which substantial permissions are been obtained and several permissions would be needed in due course of business. For further details, please see chapters titled “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” and “ _Government and Other Statutory Approvals_ ” at pages 157 and 307 respectively of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Further, some of our permits, licenses and approvals are subject to several conditions and we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to continuously meet such conditions or be able to prove compliance with such conditions to the statutory authorities, which may lead to the cancellation, revocation or suspension of relevant permits, licenses or approvals. An inability torevoke the cancellation or suspension of any of the permits, licenses or approvals and any prohibition on sale of our products resulting from any such regulatory non-compliance may materially and adversely affect our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition or comply with applicable rules and regulations or apply in time, renew or requisite licenses or maintain certifications with respect to our processing facilities, procurement and processing operations, and raw material and product quality, or an inability to otherwise comply with applicable laws, may result in the prohibition on sale of, our products in certain markets, may result in the interruption of our operations and may have a material adverse effect on the business. 

**_4. We operate in a highly regulated and environmental and religiously sensitive business. Certain of our processing units generate pollutants and waste, some of which may be hazardous and harmful to the environment. Hence, we have in the past experienced plant shutdowns and disruptions with respect to our processing plants. Further, any failure to comply with statutory requirements may lead to penalties, fines and/or imprisonment. Our inability to manage statutory requirement and keep our processing units operational could affect our business including future results of operations, reputation and financial condition. For instance:_** 

We have experienced shutdowns/disruptions in the past with respect to our manufacturing plants in Aligarh, Agra and Punjab. We cannot assure you that we may not face any difficulty in our operations due to such shutdowns/disruptions in the future which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The table below sets-out the details/nature of plant which is shut down/faced disruption, current stage of proceedings and the effect of such shutdown/disruption on the revenue of the Issuer: 

27 

|**Sr.Nos.**|<br>**Name of**<br>**the Plant**|**Nature of**<br>**the Plant**|**Reasons for**<br>**Shutdown/Disruption**|**Current Stage**<br>**of**<br>**Proceedings **|**Impact on the**<br>**Revenue**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|1.|Aligarh<br>Plant<br>Owned by<br>Issuer Co.|Integrate<br>Processing<br>Plant|The<br>Uttar<br>Pradesh<br>Pollution Control Board<br>passed an Order dated<br>March 17, 2019 for closure<br>of the Company’s abattoir<br>situated<br>at<br>Aligarh<br>to<br>restrain or prohibit the<br>discharge<br>of<br>any<br>poisonous,<br>noxious<br>or<br>polluting matter into a<br>stream or well or on land or<br>from making in sanitary<br>use of a stream or well.<br>_For further details kindly_<br>_refer to the paragraph (i)_<br>_mentioned below._|The plant has received the<br>permission<br>from<br>High<br>Court,<br>Allahabad,<br>vide<br>order dated March 02,<br>2023 to run the plant on<br>trial basis for the period of<br>eight weeks and in the<br>ninth week, an inspection<br>shall be conducted by the<br>UP<br>Pollution<br>Control<br>Board.,|<br> <br> <br> <br> <br> <br> <br> <br> <br> <br>No<br>substantial<br>impact<br>as<br>the<br>company<br>could<br>operate from other<br>plants in UP.|
|2.|Aligarh<br>Plant,<br>Agra Plant<br>and<br>Mohali<br>Plant|Integrated<br>Processing<br>Plants|The<br>Agricultural<br>and<br>Processed<br>Food<br>Products<br>Export<br>Developmental<br>Authority issued show-cause<br>notices dated September 15,<br>2020;<br>Septembe16,<br>2020;<br>September 17, 2020 to the<br>Company for allegedly being<br>involved in forging of health<br>certificates.<br>Vide<br>the<br>memorandum<br>dated<br>December 04, 2020 revoking<br>the<br>registration-cum-<br>membership certificate and its<br>access to meat portal of the<br>Company and its wholly<br>owned<br>subsidiaries<br>HMA<br>Food<br>Export<br>Private<br>Limited<br>and<br>Federal<br>Agro<br>Industries<br>Private Limited. For further<br>details<br>kindly<br>refer<br>to<br>paragraph<br>(ii)<br>mentioned<br>below.|<br> <br> <br>Disposed/No<br>legal<br>proceedings|<br>Due to revocation<br>of the registration-<br>cum-membership<br>certificate<br>(“RCMC”) of the<br>Company<br>during the<br>Financial Year 20-<br>21 and effects of<br>pandemic<br>during<br>the<br>year<br>the<br>revenue of<br>the<br>Company dropped<br>by 28% Further the<br>revocation was one<br>time action and<br>hence there is no<br>future impact on<br>the<br>exports<br>or<br>exports<br>to<br>any<br>country.|
|3.|Agra<br>Plant<br>Owned<br>by<br>Subsidiary<br>Co. (HMA<br>Food Export<br>Pvt. Ltd.)<br>I<br> <br>|ntegrated<br>Processing<br>Plant|<br>The Uttar Pradesh Pollution<br>Control Board passed an order<br>dated<br>an<br>order<br>dated<br>December 19, 2012 against<br>the Company for discharge of<br>untreated effluents from the<br>HMA Food Export Private<br>Limited’s industrial unit at<br>Kuberpur, Agra.<br>For further details kindly refer<br>to<br>the<br>paragraph<br>(iii)<br>mentioned below.<br> <br> <br> <br> <br> <br> <br> <br>i<br> <br> <br> <br>|<br> <br> <br>Vide order dated January 28<br>2013 the High Court o<br>Allahabad<br>remanded<br>th<br>matter<br>to<br>Uttar<br>Prades<br>Pollution Control Board an<br>ordered the Uttar Prades<br>Pollution Control Board t<br>ssue a fresh show caus<br>notice. HMA Food Expor<br>Private Limited has not<br>Received any show caus<br>notice, thus far.|,<br>f<br>e<br>h<br>d<br>h<br>o<br>e<br>t<br>e<br>No<br>Substantial<br>Impact on revenue<br>as the down time<br>was for a few days<br>and the company<br>could manage to<br>operate via other<br>plants in UP.|



28 

|**Sr.Nos.**|**Name of**<br>**the Plant**|**Nature of**<br>**the Plant**|**Reasons for**<br>**Shutdown/Disruption**|**Current Stage**<br>**of**<br>**Proceedings **|**Impact on the**<br>**Revenue**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|4.|Aligarh<br>Plant<br>Owned by<br>Issuer Co.|Integrate<br>Processing<br>Plant|The<br>Uttar<br>Pradesh<br>Pollution Control Board<br>passed an order dated an<br>order dated January 08,<br>2013 against the Company<br>for discharge of untreated<br>effluents<br>from<br>the<br>Company’s industrial unit<br>at Talaspur, Aligarh.<br>_For further details kindly_<br>_refer to the paragraph (iv)_<br>_mentioned below._|The plant has received the<br>permission from High Court,<br>Allahabad, vide order dated<br>March 02, 2023 to run the<br>plant on trial basis for the<br>period of eight weeks and in<br>the ninth week, an inspection<br>shall be conducted by the UP<br>Pollution Control Board.|No<br>Substantial<br>Impact<br>on<br>revenue as the<br>down time was<br>for a few days<br>and the company<br>could manage to<br>operate via other<br>plants in UP.|



The Uttar Pradesh Pollution Control Board (“ **UPPCB** ”) had issued a letter to the Company stating that the Company’s abattoir at Aligarh is causing pollution, thereby violating the directions issued by the National Green Tribunal, Principal Bench, New Delhi (“ **NGT** ”). The UPPCB inter-alia directed the Company to ensure that the Effluent Treatment Plant (“ **ETP** ”) was operational and the treated effluent conforms to the parameters provided by the UPPCB. The Regional Officer and the District Level Committee inspected and took samples of the treated effluent from the Aligarh unit and found that the Abattoir was non-compliant. The UPPCB passed an Order dated March 17, 2019 for the closure of the Abattoir situated in Aligarh for violating Section 32(1) (c) of the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974(“ **Water Act** ”). Consequently, the Company filed the Writ Petition (Civil) No. 10259 of 2019 before the before the Hon’ble High Court at Allahabad (“the Hon’ble High Court”) stating that the UPPCB failed to follow procedure and inter-alia praying for quashing of the Order dated March 17, 2019 issued by the Chief Environment Officer. The Hon’ble High Court vide order dated May 31, 2019 inter alia quashed the Order dated March 17, 2019 in favour of the Company and directed the Chief Environment Officer to follow the procedure prescribed in the Water Act and the Water Rules. Thus, the UPPCB issued a show cause notice but not pass any order to grant a personal hearing. Thereafter, the Company approached NGT praying for an ad-interim mandamus directing the UPPCB to grant the Company a personal hearing. In the meantime, the Company filed Appeal before NGT bearing no. 05/2020 dated January 07, 2020 against the Order dated January 07, 2020 passed by UPPCB. The NGT passed an Order dated February 13, 2020 for the formation of a joint committee for inspection of the abattoir. Further, an Order dated February 25, 2020 was passed by the NGT declaring that the operation of the unit would be only for the trial run period and would stop after inspection. Post-trial run, based on the observations of the committee, the NGT passed an Order dated October 09, 2020 and dismissed Appeal no. 05/2020 and directed UPPCB to take the appropriate action in this particular matter. The Company was granted a public hearing by UPPCB. Based on orders passed at public hearing dated March 23, 2021, UPPCB filed a reply dated April 09, 2021 listing down the non-compliances of the abattoir. The Company has complied with all the stipulations of UPPCB vide their submission dated September 16, 2021. The plant has received the permission from High Court, Allahabad, vide order dated March 02, 2023 to run the plant on trial basis for the period of eight weeks and in the ninth week, an inspection shall be conducted by the UP Pollution Control Board.The proceeding is currently pending before Uttar Pradesh Pollution Control Board. The Company has filed Writ Petition No.4488/2022 before the Hon’ble High Court at Allahabad, Lucknow Bench against the State of Uttar Pradesh through Principal Secretary, Environment Department and 5 others praying (i)  to issue a writ, order or direction in the nature of certiorari quashing the impugned orders dated February  03, 2020 and April 12, 2021 passed by the opposite party no. 6 under the Water Act, 1974 as well as under the Air Act, 1981; (ii) to issue a writ order or direction in the nature of mandamus commanding the opposite parties to decide the representation dated 5.7.2021 and 16,08.2021, by reasoned and speaking order, within the time as may be prescribed by the Hon'ble Court; (iii) to issue a writ, order or direction in the nature of mandamus by way of alternative relief thereby directing the opposite parties to pass suitable order by resorting to the provision of Section 30 read with section 17(1)(l) of the Water Act, 1974 in case the Board authorities think desirable under the circumstances of the case, in order to maintain the environmental norms and also to permit the petitioner to run the unit as the same was being run for the last 10 years under the consents which were accorded in order to secure the ends of justice. In response to this Writ Petition, the U.P. Pollution Control Board has filed counter-affidavit and supplementary counter-affidavit. Along with the said supplementary counter affidavit, a report dated 27<sup>th</sup> February 2023 of the Committee constituted by U.P. Pollution Control Board was enclosed. This report summarized findings of inspection conducted by the team on 24<sup>th</sup> February, 2023, the Hon’ble High Court on the basis of the said inspection report prima facie inferred that unless industry starts running, it will not be possible for the Respondent Authorities to ascertain as to whether the Company is fulfilling the norms for grant of consent under the Air Act or Water Act. The Hon’ble High Court has issued the following directions vide Order dated March 02, 2023. 

29 

- (a) The Company shall be permitted to run the industry for a period of eight weeks from the date of its actual operation and after completion of said period of eight weeks, in the ninth week an inspection shall be conducted by the U.P. Pollution Control Board and the report which may be prepared on the basis of such inspection shall be provided to the petitioner as well. In case any deficiency is found in such inspection report, the same shall be removed by the petitioner within two weeks and thereafter again an inspection shall be conducted, report whereof shall be submitted to U.P. Pollution Control Board for consideration of the prayer of the petitioner for grant of consent under the Air Act and Water Act. 

- (b) The Hon’ble High Court has made it clear that they have permitted the Company to run industry only on trial basis in terms of this order and to facilitate the process of consideration of the prayer of the Company for grant of consent under the Air Act and Water Act by the authority concerned. 

   - i. Agricultural and Processed Food Products Export Developmental Authority (“APEDA”) issued show-cause notices (“SCN”) to the Company revoking the registration-cum-membership-certificate (“RCMC”), suspended access to Meat Portal (“MPR”) with immediate effect and seeking clarification on the certain allegations made against the company. And directed the Company to submit reasons as to why further action should not be taken against the Company. In response, the Company denied all the allegations of any manipulation committed by it. Further, the Company requested APEDA to drop the SCN and de-registration of its meat-plants, and to revoke the suspension of the RCMC of the Company. Further, APEDA issued a memorandum dated and held that the Company has been involved in forging of health certificates and suspended the RCMC and MPR of the Company, its wholly owned subsidiaries namely Federal Agro Industries Private and HMA Food Export Private Limited for a period of 6(six) months with effect from September 16, 2020 until March 15, 2021. Thereafter, the Company filed an appeal against the memorandum and pursuant to this appeal, APEDA granted the Company a personal hearing on January 6, 2020 and appeal was dismissed vide a letter dated February 9, 2021. Subsequently, APEDA issued a letter dated March 16, 2021 to activate the RCMC and MPR of the Company, Federal Agro Industries Private Limited and HMA Food Export Private Limited from March 16, 2021. APEDA acceded the Company’s request with a warning of stricter action for future violations of this nature or any other. Due to revocation of the registration-cummembership certificate (“RCMC”) of the Company during FY 20-21 the revenue of the Company dropped by 28%. Further, the revocation was one time action and hence there is no future impact on the exports or exports to any country. Presently, the RCMC and MPR of the Company and its subsidiaries have been re-activated and no further action or negative correspondence has taken place with APEDA since these events. 

   - ii. The Uttar Pradesh Pollution Control Board (“ **UPPCB** ”) issued a show cause notice dated November 22, 2012 against HMA Food Export Private Limited and collected samples of effluents of HMA Food Export Private Limited’s industrial unit at Kuberpur, Agra on December 11, 2012. The UPPCB did not give the analysis report of the samples collected to the HMA Food Export Private Limited. But based on the analysis report, UPPCB passed an order dated December 19, 2012 against HMA Food Export Private Limited by which it inter alia refused to grant it consent for the year 2013 and ordered closure of its industrial unit at Kuberpur, Agra with immediate effect. Aggrieved, HMA Food Export filed a Writ Petition bearing no. 1295 of 2013 before the Hon’ble High Court of Allahabad (“ **Court** ”) to quash the order dated December 19, 2012. The Court found that UPPCB had not fully complied with the principles of natural justice in the matter of HMA Food Export Private Limited. Vide order dated January 28, 2013, the Court inter alia (a) quashed the order of closure of plant dated December 19, 2012;(b) directed UPPCB to provide a copy of the analysis report of the sample collected on December 11, 2012 and (c) ordered the UPPCB to issue a fresh show cause notice to HMA Food Export Private Limited. No further SCN has been issued by UPPCB in this matter and the plant is operational since then. 

   - iii. The Uttar Pradesh Pollution Control Board (“ **UPPCB** ”) issued a show cause notice dated November 22, 2012 against the Company and collected samples effluents of Company’s industrial unit at Talaspur, Aligarh on December 13, and 2012.UPPCB did not give the analysis report of the samples collected to the Company. But based on the analysis report dated December 13, 2012, the UPPCB passed an order dated January 08, 2013 against Company by which it inter alia refused to grant it consent for the year 2013 and ordered closure of its industrial unit at Kuberpur, Agra with immediate effect. Aggrieved, Company filed a Writ Petition bearing no. 1295 of 4462 of 2013. The Court found that UPPCB had not fully complied with the principles of natural justice in the matter of Company. Vide order dated January 28, 2013, the Court inter alia (a) quashed the order of closure of plant dated January 08, 2013; (b) directed UPPCB to provide a copy of the analysis report of the sample collected on December 13, 2012 and (c) ordered the UPPCB to issue a fresh show cause notice to Company. No further SCN has been issued by UPPCB in this matter. 

30 

These past actions taken against our processing units have been properly dealt with and relevant compliance standards are being maintained at our active units. However, any failure to comply with statutory requirements may lead to penalties, fines and/or imprisonment. Our inability to manage statutory requirement and keep our processing units operational could affect our business including future results of operations, reputation and financial condition. 

**_5. We do not have material experience in some of the new business ventures which have been recently started by our company and are proposed to be started shortly and our lack of business experience in these new ventures could reduce our investment returns and cause financial loss., which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We have been in the business of packaged frozen meat products since over 4 decades. We are currently among the largest exporters of frozen buffalo meat products from India and we account for more than 10% of India’s total export of frozen buffalo meat _(Source: Brickworks Analytics Report)._ Further in order to diversify our business model and add complimenting products to our portfolio, we have recently ventured into new businesses as under: 

i) We have recently ventured into marine product exports which include Frozen Fish as a core product. Being an integrated line to Meat, exports of fish will enable us to capture new geographies and diversify our product portfolio. Pursuant to our board resolution dated September 20, 2021,we have entered into an outsourcing agreement dated October 01, 2021 for processing between HMA Agro Industries Limited and Gausia Cold Storage Private Limited wherein our company HMA Agro Industries Limited shall source all the orders from the market, procure the raw materials for processing and send to Gausia Cold Storage Private Limited who shall process, freeze and pack the products for us on a contractual basis and send the same back to our company for exports. The said agreement is valid upto November 02, 2024 and is renewable on mutual consent. The Company has executed exports of ₹ 389.17 million via this arrangement for the period ended December 31, 2022. 

We have recently ventured into the business of exporting various types of Basmati rice pursuant to board resolution dated October 04, 2021. The company has executed exports of Basmati Rice of ₹ 32.43 million for the period ended December 31, 2022 and has invested nearly ₹ 27.04 million in the venture of Basmati rice. The vision is to utilize our export connections and well-established distribution network into Basmati Rice trade through partnership with local manufacturers and suppliers who are unable to utilize their installed capacities due to shortage of orders and finance availability. Further, Meat Products are normally consumed with Basmati Rice and hence this would become a critical cross saleable market for us. 

When venturing in new businesses, we may face new and heightened risks due in part to our limited experience of such business. The risk and liquidity profiles of these new business ventures may significantly differ from the business we are traditionally in, and investments in these new business ventures may increase the overall risk exposure of our business. While we partner with experienced players in such field that delineates our business risks to certain extent, however lack of business experience of our top management in certain new business ventures could reduce our investment returns and cause financial loss, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For further details, see “Our Business – Details of our recently initiated Business Diversification activities” on page no.130. 

**_6. Our proposed expansion plans w.r.t our new processing facilities being set up are subject to the risk of unanticipated delays in implementation and cost overruns._** 

We have made and intend to continue making investments to expand our processing capacities to aid our growth efforts. We through our wholly owned subsidiary United Farm Product Private Limited are establishing a Modern Integrated Abattoir cum Meat Processing Plant on a total area of 62.8 acres of plot area (2,54,467.47 Sq. mtr) at Nuh, Haryana (hereinafter refered to as “Haryana Plant”). The said plant was approved to be built vide board resolution dated May 23, 2018. The said plant has installed a slaughter cum buffalo meat processing line of 570 MT/ Day which will be the largest amongst all our other current plant capacities. Company has received Consent to Operate (CTO), completed trial runs and begun commercial production recently. 

Our Proposed expansion remains subject to the potential problems and uncertainties that new manufacturing/processing projects face including delays in achieving production value/quality milestones and related design changes if any. Problems that could adversely affect our expansion plans include labour shortages, increased costs of equipment or manpower, inadequate performance of the equipment and machinery installed in our processing facilities, defects in design or construction, the possibility of unanticipated future regulatory restrictions, delays in receiving governmental, statutory and other regulatory approvals, incremental pre-operating expenses, taxes and duties, interest and finance charges, working capital margin, environment and ecology costs and other 

31 

external factors which may not be within the control of our management. If any incremental capital expenditures are required which significantly exceed our budgets, or even if our budgets were sufficient to cover these projects, we may not be able to achieve the intended economic benefits of these projects, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. 

Further, our Company is currently partnering with a plant owner situated at D-1 & D-2, Site-1, UPSIDC Industrial Area, Unnao, Uttar Pradesh – 209801, India (hereinafter referee to as “Unnao Plant”). The plant is active and operational. Currently, Unnao Plant is owned by AOV Exports Pvt. Ltd. (which conducts processing on a contractual basis exclusively for HMA Agro Industries Ltd. currently). Further, our wholly owned subsidiary JFF Exports Pvt. Ltd. has recently entered into an agreement to acquire said plant from its current owner AOV Exports with all relevant assets pursuant to board resolution dated July 27, 2020. The transfer of plant assets is expected to be completed in FY 2023-2024.The Proposed change in ownership of such plant will require us to obtain various approvals, which are routine in nature. For further details, see “ _Government and Other Key approvals_ ” on page no. 307. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain these registrations and approvals in a timely manner or at all. Further, in the event of any unanticipated delay in receipt of such approvals, the growth plans of our company could suffer substantially. 

There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete the aforementioned expansion and additions in accordance with the proposed schedule of implementation and any delay could have an adverse impact on our growth, prospects, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_7. Certain of our subsidiary companies have incurred losses during the last three fiscal years, which may adversely affect our consolidated results of operations._** 

Certain of our subsidiary companies have incurred losses on a standalone basis, details of which for the last three fiscal years have been set forth in the table below: 

||||_(₹ in millions)_<br>|
|---|---|---|---|
|**Name of subsidiary companies**|**2021-2022**|**2020-2021**|**2019-2020**|
|FNS Agro Foods Limited|(4.56)|(2.02)|(0.06)|
|HMA Natural Foods Private Limited|(0.04)|(0.03)|(0.01)|
|Indus Farmers Food Co. LLP|(0.06)|(0.03)|(0.01)|
|JFF Export Private Limited|(0.03)|(0.17)|NA|
|Laal Agro Food Private Limited|(4.49)|1.24|(2.68)|
|Swastik Bone and Gelatines Private Limited|(0.92)|(8.64)|(3.96)|



In the event that these subsidiaries continue to incur losses or any of our other Subsidiaries incur losses, the Company’s consolidated results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected. For further details, please refer the chapter titled “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters_ ” beginning on page no. 165 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_8. Some of our Group Companies have incurred losses in the last preceding financial year and have negative net worth, based on the last audited financial statements available._** 

Some of our Group Companies has incurred losses in the preceding financial years based on the respective Group Companies’ last available audited financial statements. We cannot assure you that our Group Companies will not incur losses or have negative net worth in the future. 

||||_(₹ in millions)_|
|---|---|---|---|
|**N f th G C**|**For the**|**year ended Marc**|**h 31**|
|**ame o e roup ompany**|**2022**|**2021**|**2020**|
|HMA Cattle Farming Private Limited|0.29|0.30|(0.53)|
|HMA Leather Export Private Limited|0.15|31.70|(0.15)|
|Gausia Cold Storage Private Limited|7.68|2.08|(6.00)|



_For more information on the Group Companies, please refer chapter titled “Group Companies” on page 206 of this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

32 

**_9. Our Company has availed ₹ 31.28 million as unsecured loan on a consolidated basis which are repayable on demand. Any demand from the lenders for repayment of such unsecured loan may affect our cash flow and financial condition._** 

As per the Restated Consolidated Financial Information as on December 31, 2022, our Company including its subsidiaries has availed total sum of ₹ 31.28 million as unsecured loans which are repayable on demand of which ₹ 4.42 million is from our directors. These unsecured loans were obtained and utilised towards working capital needs of the respective companies from time to time. The details of our unsecured loans outstanding entity wise are as below: 

|**Name of the Entity (Relationship)**|**Amount (₹ in million)**|
|---|---|
|Gulzar Ahmad (Key Managerial Personnel)|2.00|
|Mohammad Ashraf Qureshi (Relative of Key Managerial Personnel)|1.42|
|Wajid Ahmed (Key Managerial Personnel)|1.00|
|Indus Farmers Food Co. LLP (Subsidiary)|26.86|
|**Grand Total**|**31.28**|



Sudden recall may disrupt our operations and also may force us to opt for funding at higher interest rates, resulting in higher financial burden. Further, we will not be able to raise funds at short notice and thus resulting in shortage of working capital fund. For further details, please refer to the section _“Financial Indebtedness”_ beginning on page no. 285 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Any demand for the repayment of such unsecured loans, may adversely affect our cash flow and financial condition. 

**_10. We do not have long-term agreements with suppliers for our raw materials which may lead to an increase in the cost of, or a shortfall in the availability of livestock raw materials._** 

Our business depends on the availability of reasonably priced, high quality raw materials which are in the form of livestock, all of which are purchased from the open market. Our Cost of materials consumed for the nine months ended December 31, 2022, year ended March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020 were ₹ 17,827.61 million, ₹ 24,214.49 million, ₹ 13,358.77 million and ₹ 19,758.18 million respectively or 73.73%, 77.14, 77.65% and 81.76% of our total revenue, respectively. The price and availability of such raw materials depend on several factors beyond our control, including overall economic conditions, availability levels, market demand &competition for such raw materials, transportation costs, duties & taxes and trade restrictions. We usually don’t enter into longterm supply contracts with any of our suppliers and typically source raw materials from third-party suppliers or the open market. The absence of Long-term contracts at fixed prices exposes us to volatility in the prices of raw materials that we require and we may be unable to pass these costs onto our customers, which may reduce our profit margins. We also face a risk that one or more of our existing suppliers may discontinue these supplies to us, and any inability on our part to procure raw materials from alternate suppliers in a timely fashion, or on commercially acceptable terms, may adversely affect our operations. 

If, for any reason, primary suppliers of raw material should curtail or discontinue their delivery of such materials or products to us in the quantities we need, or on commercially acceptable terms, production schedules could be disrupted and our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

**_11. A slowdown or shutdown in our processing operations or under-utilization of our processing facilities could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We process our products through APEDA approved Food Processing units, most of which are owned by our subsidiaries and some are owned by third parties. These processing units process our products on a contractual basis against the fixed charges, which are borne by our company. All the products are packaged and exported by our company under our brands. Our business is hence dependent upon our ability to manage our processing facilities, which are subject to various operating risks, including those beyond our control, such as the breakdown and failure of equipment or industrial accidents and severe weather conditions and natural disasters. Any significant malfunction or breakdown of our machinery may entail significant repair and maintenance costs and cause delays in our operations. If we are unable to repair malfunctioning machinery in a timely manner or at all, our operations may need to be suspended until we restore or procure machinery to replace the same. In addition, we may be required to carry out planned shutdowns of our facilities for maintenance, statutory inspections and testing, or may shut down certain facilities for capacity expansion and equipment upgrades. We may also face protests from local citizens at our existing facilities or while setting up new facilities, which may delay or halt our operations. 

33 

We have experienced certain disruptions at our processing facilities in the past for further details please refer the chapter titled “ _Outstanding Litigations and Material Developments_ ” on page no. 290 of this Red Herring Prospectus. We cannot assure you that there will not be any disruptions in our operations in the future. Our inability to effectively respond to such events and rectify any disruption, in a timely manner and at an acceptable cost, could lead to the slowdown or shut-down of our operations or the under-utilization of our processing facilities, which in turn may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_12. We are subject to counterfeit, cloned and pass-off products, which may reduce our sales and harm the reputation of our brands._** 

We are subject to counterfeit, cloned and pass-off products in our business. Our products are sold as packaged frozen meat products to end consumers through wholesale and retail distribution channels. The core product being food product, the differentiator for us lies in our quality maintenance and our ability to meet all statutory & food safety standards. The brand recall of our brands Black Gold, Kamil etc helps us retain clients who have tried our products and wish to re-buy them. 

Counterfeit and cloned products are products manufactured and sold illegally as legitimate products (i.e. meat products which do not have the necessary statutory licenses or those who do not adhere to the food safety standards as compared to our products), whereas pass-off products are manufactured and packaged to resemble legitimate products (i.e. Our competitors may use packaging which is similar looking to our packaging and hence may be able to take advantage of our customer recall value created by our quality). In the past few years, advances in technology have contributed to the ease at which legitimate products can be counterfeited. The sale of counterfeit, cloned and pass-off products have led, and if left uncurbed, will continue to lead, to lower sales for our business. In addition, such products may be harmful to consumers or may be less effective than genuine products, which could harm our brands and reputation. The proliferation of unauthorized copies of our products, and the time in pursuing claims and complaints about spurious products could have an adverse effect on our reputation and our business. 

# **_13. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the equity shareholders._** 

We have entered into transactions with related parties in the past and from, time to time, we may enter into related party transactions in the future. These transactions principally include remuneration or benefits to executive Directors and Key Managerial Personnel, Charges paid by us to our subsidiaries for processing our products at their units on a contractual basis and other such routine transactions. 

While all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, in accordance with the Companies Act and other applicable regulations pertaining to the evaluation and approval of such transactions and all related party transactions that we may enter into post-listing, will be subject to Board or Shareholder approval, as necessary under the Companies Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations, in the interest of the Company and its minority Shareholders and in compliance with the SEBI Listing Regulations. Further, it is likely that we may enter into additional related party transactions in the future. Such related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. 

In Fiscal 2020, 2021 and 2022 and in the nine months ended December, 2022, the aggregate amount of such related party transactions was ₹ 1,740.93 million, ₹ 1,424.78 million, ₹ 10,486.97 million and ₹ 16,117.13 million respectively. For further information on our related party transactions, see “Restated Financial Statements – Related party disclosure on page no. 221 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_14. Our operating profits are dependent to a certain extent on the price movements of Indian made meat in the International Markets. Any adverse price movements in these markets could affect our results of operations and financial conditions._** 

The price of Indian Buffalo meat has historically been lower than other country made meat such as USA, Australia, Canada and even other developing countries like Brazil, Argentina etc. in the international markets. For details ofthe average export prices earned country wise for the FY 2022 please see the graph on page 115 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

While the average price of Indian Made meat products has increased in the last few years, the Brickworks Analytics report states that the price of Indian Buffalo meat is expected to remain moderate in the coming year. These prices are market driven and are set based on the quality perception of Indian meat products in International Markets. The same is not in the control of our company nor the same are traded on any exchange whereby our company can hedge 

34 

the risks of price variation. If for some external reason the prices of Indian made meat fall and we are unable to reduce our cost of raw material purchase locally in the same ratio the same could affect ourprofitability, results of operations and financial conditions. 

**_15. Our Promoter and members of Promoter Group have mortgaged their personal properties and provided personal guarantees for our borrowings to secure our loans. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects may be adversely affected by the revocation of all or any of the personal guarantees provided by our Promoter and members of Promoter Group in connection with our Company’s borrowings._** 

Our Promoter, Managing Director, and our Promoter Group have mortgaged their personal properties and provided personal guarantees for our borrowings to secure our loans. _For further details of the collateral securities offered to our secured lenders, please refer “Financial Indebtedness” on page 285 of this Red Herring Prospectus._ If any of these guarantees are revoked, our lenders may require alternative guarantees or collateral or cancellation of such facilities, entailing repayment of amounts outstanding under such facilities. If we are unable to procure alternative guarantees satisfactory to our lenders, we may need to seek alternative sources of capital, which may not be available to us at commercially reasonable terms or at all, or to agree to more onerous terms under our financing agreements, which may limit our operational flexibility. Accordingly, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects may be adversely affected by the revocation of all or any of the personal guarantees provided by our Promoter and Promoter Group in connection with our Company’s borrowings. 

**_16. The income-tax authorities have conducted searches at the premises our Company, its Subsidiaries, certain Group Companies/entities, the Promoters and Directors. Any adverse outcome of the searches would have an adverse effect on the operations and reputation of our Company, which in turn could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

On November 5, 2022, income-tax authorities have conducted searches at the premises of the Company, its Subsidiaries, certain Group Companies/entities, the Promoters and Directors inter alia at various locations in Agra, Nuh, Dhandero, Jaipur, Dera Bassi, Parbhani, Aligarh, Unnao under Section 132 of the Income-tax Act, 1961. Panchnamas in respect of the above searches were prepared recording the search proceedings conducted by the various Income-tax officers at these locations of the Company, its Subsidiaries, certain Group Companies/entities, the Promoters and Directors. Further proceedings have been initiated against our Company and/or the Promoter/Director in this regard by the income-tax authorities while no demand have been raised till the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we cannot assure you that such proceeding, if initiated, will not result in a demand or imposition of penalty or prosecution in future. Adverse action, if any, taken by the income-tax authorities against our Company and/or its Subsidiaries, certain Group Companies/entities, the Promoters and Directors arising from such searches, may have an adverse effect on the operations and reputation of our Company and could have an adverse impact on our ability to conduct our business, our financial condition and our results of operations. For further details, please refer to page no. 290 of this Red Herring Prospectus under the chapter titled _“Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments”._ 

**_17. We rely on third-party transportation providers for both procurement of our raw materials and distribution of our products. Any failures by any of our transportation providers to deliver our raw materials or our products on time, or in good condition, or at all, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We depend on various forms of transportation to either receive raw materials for our processing purposes or to deliver the finished products to our distributors and other customers for our export and domestic sales. For these purposes, we typically use third-party transportation providers. Further, we undertake our export activities from Nhava Sheva Port, Mumbai to which our products are delivered primarily through road transport from our processing facilities and thereafter exported. We are therefore significantly dependent on transportation and logistics companies that we engage with. 

The disruption of transportation services due to natural factors such as weather conditions particularly during monsoon or flood seasons, or man-made factors such as strikes, accidents, or other inadequacies in the transportation infrastructure, or any other factor that could impair the ability of our suppliers to deliver raw materials to us and our ability to deliver our products to our retailers and distributors and their ability to deliver products to the end customers in a timely manner, which may adversely affect our sale of our packaged frozen meat products. Such raw materials and our products may be lost, damaged or deteriorated and contaminated due to improper handling, negligence, transport strike or accidents or any other _force majeure_ events which may not be within our control. 

35 

Additionally, if we lose one or more of our third-party transportation providers, there can be no assurance that we will be able to find new or alternative third-party transportation providers at all, or at terms as favourable as those which we have in force with our current partners. Further, our third-party transportation providers may not carry adequate insurance coverage and therefore, any losses that may arise during the transportation process may have to be claimed under our marine insurance policy. There can be no assurance that we will receive compensation for any such claims in full amount in a timely manner or at all, and consequently, any such loss may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_18. Any failure to protect or enforce our rights to own or use trademarks and brand names and identities could have an adverse effect on our business and competitive position._** 

Our packaged frozen meat products are bought by end customers in over 40 countries off the shelf at a retail store or supermarket etc. Our products are sold under registered brand name “Black Gold”, “Kamil” and “HMA” Further our corporate logo and other relevant trademarks are also critical to our business. Hence, our brand recalls used in selling our packaged frozen meat products are critical to our growth and continuous business. 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have 46 registered trademarks for which we have obtained valid registration certificates under various classes under the Trademarks Act in India. Our main logos, “We Believe in Quality Only – HMA” “Black Gold” & “HMA” are registered under various applicable classes of the Trademarks Act based on the products we offer and they are currently valid. Further we also use the brand ‘Kamil’ which is registered in the name of our subsidiary HMA Food Export Private Limited. We have on September 21, 2022 and on June 28, 2022 have made applications for the trademarks “HMA Fresh Gold” & “GREEN GOLD” under class 29 & 30 of the Trademarks Act of India. Further, due to certain differences in the “font” of HMA between the logo we use and the registered trademark of the same, we have recently in January 22, 2022 applied for trademark registration of our corporate logo with revised font as an additional trademark for further safety of our corporate logo. The said application has been filed and is currently pending for registration. However, there can be no assurance that the said application will succeed. If our Company is unable to obtain registration thereof, we may still continue to use the corporate logo but remain vulnerable to infringement and passing-off by third parties and will not be able to enforce any rights against them. We may also need to change our corporate logo which may adversely affect our reputation and business and could require us to incur additional costs. 

We have not applied for or registered our trademarks in any of the foreign countries wherein we export our products. Local organizations in such countries could hence register a similar brand name and sell competing products and we may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual rights in such a situation. Further, similar sounding or looking products if any have a negative event in such country our brand image could also be damaged since we cannot restrain such competing organization from using a logo or brand similar to ours in their respective country. 

Any failure to renew registration of our registered trademarks may affect our right to use them in future. Any failure to obtain registration of our applied trademark may affect our right to use them in future Our efforts to protect our intellectual property may not be adequate and any third-party claim may lead to erosion of our business value and our reputation, which could adversely affect our operations. It may lead to litigation and any such litigation could be time consuming and costly and their outcome cannot be guaranteed. Third parties may also infringe or copy our registered trademarks. We may not be able to detect any unauthorized use or take appropriate and timely steps to enforce or protect our trademarks. Further, if we do not maintain our brand name and identity, which is a principal factor that differentiates us from our competitors, or if we fail to provide high quality projects on a timely basis, we may not be able to maintain our competitive edge. If we are unable to compete successfully, we could lose our customers, which would negatively affect our financial performance and profitability. Moreover, our ability to protect, enforce or utilize our brand is subject to risks, including general litigation risks. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that our brand name will not be adversely affected in the future by actions that are beyond our control, including customer complaints or adverse publicity from any other source. Any damage to our brand name, if not immediately and sufficiently remedied, could have an adverse effect on our business and competitive position. 

Finally, while we take care to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of others, we cannot determine with certainty whether we are infringing any existing third-party intellectual property rights, which may force us to alter our offerings. We may also be susceptible to claims from third parties asserting infringement and other related claims. If similar claims are raised in the future, these claims could result in costly litigation, divert management’s attention and resources, subject us to significant liabilities and require us to enter into potentially expensive royalty or licensing agreements or to cease certain offerings. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our business and competitive position. For details of the trademarks registered in the name of our Company 

36 

and the applications made for registration, please refer “Government and Other Approvals” on page no. 307 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_19. Our ability to maintain quality standards is subject to performance of our contractual arrangements with owners of our processing units._** 

<mark>We are a Three Star Export House and we export Packaged Frozen Meat Products to over 40 countries. The raw material procurement is done by our Company and the same is processed at various processing units most of which are owned by our subsidiaries and some are owned by third parties all of which process these products for us on a contractual basis for agreed charges which are borne by our company. (“Hereinafter referred to as “Processing Partners”).</mark> 

<mark>These processing partners are selected based on various factors, including, experience, location, quality manufacturing practices and availability of manpower etc. Most of our processing partners are our subsidiaries and we exercise significant control over the day-to-day operations of these companies, however, although we carefully select our third-party processing partners, we have limited control over the day-to-day affairs of these units.</mark> _<mark>For the Financial Year ended March 31, 2022 out of our total export 34.14 % is processed by third party processing partners, respectively. The loss of any significant processing partners would have a material effect on our financial results. Further, the Company has established a Modern Integrated Abattoir cum Meat Processing Plant on a total area of 62.8 acres of plot area (254467.47 Sq. mtr) at Nuh, Haryana (Haryana Plant) and acquiring Unnao plant, as per management estimates, after commencement of Haryana Plant and acquisition of Unnao plant third party processing export shall be less than 20%.</mark>_ <mark>We cannot ensure that our processing partners will meet our processing requirements at all times. Any delay at the level of our processing partners can cascade into our commitments to our buyers. We may not be able to exercise total quality control over the product and supplies of our processing partners. There is a risk that we may have disputes with our processing partners concerning quality, payments and timely execution of work among other things performed by our processing partners. We cannot assure you that these disputes will be amicably resolved or will not result into arbitration, litigation or other dispute resolution proceedings.</mark> 

# **_20. Outbreaks of livestock diseases in general can significantly restrict our ability to conduct our operations._** 

We take all reasonable precautions to ensure that our livestock are healthy and that our processing plants and other facilities operate in a hygienic and environmentally sound manner. However, events beyond our control, such as the outbreak of disease, could significantly restrict our ability to conduct our operations. Even though we have not had any such material incident in the past, an outbreak of disease could result in governmental restrictions on the export and domestic sale of our products or other products to, or from our suppliers, facilities or customers, or require us to destroy one or more of our livestocks. This could result in the cancellation of orders by our customers and create adverse publicity that may have a material adverse effect on our ability to market our products successfully and on our business, reputation and prospects. Such outbreaks of diseases subject our business to increase regulatory or customer scrutiny and adversely affect our business. In addition, any disease or epidemic affecting the health of buffalo livestock in India may result in a decrease in the sale of our products. 

**_21. Non-eradication of foot-and mouth disease (FMD) from India could materially adversely affect our business operations and exports demand._** 

The buffalo meat is processed and exported in accordance with Organization International Des Epizooties (OIE, international guidelines) for any risk mitigation. Only boneless buffalo meat is allowed for export from India which is safe and risk-free. India exports buffalo meat to more than 70 countries globally in Southeast Asia, Middle East, Africa, CIS countries. The major markets are Vietnam, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Egypt, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, Philippines, Indonesia, Myanmar, UAE, Algeria, and Russia. 

India is classified as free from all the disease mentioned in “A” list (please refer, chapter titled _“Industry Overview”_ on page 96 of this Red Herring Prospectus) of International Organization for Animal Health (OIE) diseases, except foot-and-mouth disease (FMD). FMD free status and product traceability are required for exports to developed markets such as USA and EU. India does not have FMD-free status, restricting access to many countries. It predominantly exports to developing and price sensitive markets in South-East Asia and the Middle East. India has already started taking measures to overcome such exports barriers. Government has launched National Animal Disease Control Programme, in June 2019, to control Foot-and-mouth disease (FMD) and Brucellosis by 2025with vaccination and eradication of disease by 2030. 100 per cent cost of vaccine is borne by the Central Government with an outlay of ₹13,343 crore. Inability of Indian government to get Indian Buffalo meat the status of “FMD Free 

37 

status” could affect our grow and sustain our export business of buffalo meat. This could further affect our results of operations and financial conditions. 

**_22. Adverse changes in our credit ratings could materially adversely affect our ability to raise funds and hence affect our financial conditions._** 

As of December 31, we had a total outstanding indebtedness of ₹ 3,406.77 million. Our debt raising is dependent on maintaining and improving our credit ratings. Over the last five years following are our credit ratings assigned ratings assigned: 

|**Name of**<br>**Rating Agency**|**Instrument/Facility**|**Date of**<br>**Rating**|**Rating**<br>**Granted**|
|---|---|---|---|
|CRISIL Limited|Short Term Rating|02052018|A3+|
||LongTerm Rating|..|BBB Stable|
|CRISIL Limited|Short Term Rating|08072019|A3+|
||LongTerm Rating|..|BBB Stable|
|Infomerics Ratins|Long Term Bank Facility-Fund Based Limit|30092020|BBB +Stable|
|g|Short Term Bank Facility-Fund Based Limit|..|A2|
|CRISIL Limited|Short Term Rating|23102020|A2|
||LongTerm Rating|..|BBB +Stable|
|CRISIL Limited|LongTerm Rating|02.08.2021|BBB +Stable|
|Infomerics Ratins|Long Term Bank Facility-Fund Based Limit|29112021|BB +|
|g|Short Term Bank Facility-Fund Based Limit|..|A4+|
|CRISIL Limited|LongTerm Rating|24.12.2021|A-Stable|
|CRISIL Limited|LongTerm Rating|22.03.2022|A-Stable|
|CRISIL Limited|LongTerm Rating|23.03.2023|A-Stable|
|CRISIL Limited|LongTerm Rating|23.03.2023|A-Stable|



If any our of credit ratings are revised downward in the future, this event may be looked at negatively by our lenders and hence it may affect our ability to continue to avail the credit facilities we enjoy as well as our ability to raise new debt if needed. This could affect our cash flows and financial condition adversely. 

**_23. One of our Promoters has political background. Any adverse incidence in his political life may affect the business growth of our Company and/or the price of our scrip._** 

One of our Promoters i.e., Mr. Zulfiqar Ahmad Qurashi was a politician. Mr. Zulfiqar Ahmad Qurashi (also known as Zulfiqar Ahmed Bhutto in political career) was a M.L.A. of the Uttar Pradesh Legislature elected from Agra Cantt. Assembly constituency between 2007-12. His political career spanned over fifteen years; however, he has left active politics since 2017. 

Due to the past political affiliations of our Promoter, Mr. Zulfiqar Ahmad Qurashi, the investors may perceive that any adverse incidences in their political career such as loss of power by the political party with whom he may affiliate in future, their political rivals or parties coming to power, defeat in elections and such other political reasons, may affect the business growth of our Company and/or the price of our scrip. 

**_24. Some of our Directors and Promoter group members have given personal guarantees for our credit facilities obtained from banks and financial institutions. Inability to continue these guarantees could materially adversely affect our ability to continue to avail such credit facilities from Banks and Institutions._** 

Our company has availed debt from Banks and Financial Institutions from time to time. As part of their debt facility sanctions, some of our directors and promoters group members have provided personal guarantees to these banks and financial institutions. For details regarding these personal guarantees please refer to chapter titled “Financial Indebtedness” on page 285 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Even though we have not experienced any instance of promoter's personal guarantees and/or company guarantees been invoked in the past 3 fiscal years, however, there can be no assurance that we will not experience any guarantees been invoked or similar incidents in the future, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Further our directors and promoters group members may in the future disassociate with our company for some reason and in such case, we may have to replace their names with the incoming members or other such collaterals would have to be provided to our lenders as the case may be. Our inability to ensure that these personal guarantees are replaced with adequate comfort as required 

38 

by the lenders could lead to our inability to continue to avail such debt facilities and the same could hence materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial conditions. 

**_25. The current and continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations, including its impact on the ability or desire of consumers to purchase our products, may have an adverse effect on our business prospects and future financial performance._** 

The outbreak of COVID-19 was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization on March 11 2020 and as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus it is still ongoing. The GoI initiated a nation-wide lockdown from March 24, 2020 that lasted until May 31, 2020 and has been extended periodically by varying degrees by state governments and local administrations. Although the nationwide lockdown was lifted on June 1, 2020, restrictions on non-essential activities and travel were imposed in multiple states across specific districts that were witnessing increases in COVID-19 cases. The second wave of COVID-19 infections impacted India in April, May and June 2021. The second wave resulted in significant strain on the health infrastructure in the country resulting in several states announcing lockdown measures. The second wave also resulted in a large part of the population working from home and implementing social distancing measures. In June 2021, the COVID-19 reported cases from the second wave declined and the GoI and state governments started gradually easing some of the strict precautionary measures. 

Our exports were impacted for two months – April & May 2020 on the onset of COVID-19, post which upon relaxation of restrictions the operations resumed from June 2020. Our Company has responded swiftly by implementing various processes to ensure our operations continue seamlessly. 

As we are in the food industry, which was determined by the Government of India to be essential which allowed us to continue our operations during the nationwide lockdown. However, restrictions on manpower movement during the lockdown impacted our operations and capacity expansion projects, as well as increased our operation costs. We implemented health and safety measures as per the required norms. Our processing facilities, therefore, continued to operate normally during the first and second waves of COVID-19 infections except for the months stated above. 

The impacts of the pandemic on our business, operations and financial performance have included and may continue to include the following: 

- Temporary shutdown of certain of our processing facilities and regulatory restrictions relating to the pandemic interrupting our operations may also affect our ability to effectively manage our product inventory. 

- Temporary shutdown at export hubs or key logistics point could affect our ability to manage our sales and purchase cycle. 

- Temporary closure of our office and decline in the availability of workforce due to employees contracting the virus, rationalization of the workforce, and restrictions on travel and movement due to lockdowns imposed by various state governments, affecting commute of employees to their places of work. 

- Compliance with evolving government regulations, including with respect to social distancing measures and sanitization practices. Although we are currently in compliance with such guidelines, any failure in the future to fully comply or adhere to the measures and guidelines or any other similar regulations could lead to the imposition of penalties, fines or other sanctions, which could have an adverse impact on our business. 

Additionally, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully achieve our expansion strategies in the event of subsequent waves of the pandemic in India that led to additional restrictive measures or hamper overall economic recovery. For instance, the second wave of the COVID-19 pandemic in India in April and May2021 led to additional restrictive measures such as lockdowns and curfews in certain parts of India, restricting operations at our processing facilities and exposing our personnel to the increased risk of contagion. Further, while a majority of the eligible population under India’s vaccine scheme is now fully vaccinated, the likelihood of subsequent waves of the COVID-19 pandemic in India remains high especially against any new variants of COVID-19, for example, B.1.1.529 (Omicron) variant and we may be subject to further lockdowns or other restrictions in the rest of Fiscal2022 and beyond. In the event subsequent waves worsen or are not controlled in a timely manner, we may not be able to (i) manage our operations at their full capacity; and (ii) successfully implement our growth strategy. Even though we have taken various initiatives to raise awareness for COVID as well as implemented social distancing and hygiene measures in our various facilities and offices, we cannot assure you that in the event of another COVID-19wave additional restrictions will be put back in place or if another lockdown would be re-imposed to control the spread ofCOVID-19. The impact of the ongoing pandemic cannot be ascertained at this time, and while we cannot currently estimate the duration or future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business or on the Indian or global 

39 

economy, there is a likelihood that the effects could continue into Fiscal 2022 and beyond. In addition, if our Key Managerial Personnel or a significant percentage of our workforce is unable to work due to COVID-19 illness, quarantine, limitations on travel or other government restrictions in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, our operations may be negatively impacted. An outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic connected to one or more of our processing facilities could also cause negative publicity directed at any of our distributors and cause customers to avoid our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reputation and prospects. Also, see “ _Restated Financial Statements_ ” on page on. 210 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_26. A significant change in the regulatory environment Government schemes or duty exemptions could disrupt our business and may affect our cash flow and financial condition and the price of our Equity Shares._** 

The Government of India has traditionally exercised and continues to exercise a dominant influence over many aspects of the economy. Currently the company is availing various government schemes including, i) duty drawback which is 0.10% on FOB value of export. ii) Interest equalization from GOI which is right now 3% and extended by GOI upto March 2024.Such economic policies have had and could continue to have a significant effect on private sector entities, including us, and on market conditions and prices of Indian securities, including the Equity Shares. Any significant change in the government’s policies or any political instability in India could adversely affect business and economic conditions in India and could also adversely affect our business, our future financial performance and the price of our Equity Shares. 

**_27. Some of our group companies may operate in a similar line of business in future as that of our company. This could lead to potential conflicts of interests in the future and may adversely affect business operations and consolidated financial condition of our Company._** 

None of our group companies currently compete with our company with the similar line of business. However, HMA Cattle Farming Private Limited, Gausia Cold Storage Private Limited, and HMA Hygienic Foods Industries Private Limited are allowed by their respective MOAs to engage in similar business activities as to our business and hence to that extent there does exist a potential conflict of interest therein. For further details, please refer the chapter titled _“Our Promoter and Promoter Group”_ and “ _Group Companies_ ” on page no. 198 and 206 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Further, we have not entered into any non-compete agreement amongst such entities or our promoters and may not be able to protect the respective interests in case of a conflict. Our Promoter may have a conflict of interest with our interests or the interests of our shareholders and may favor certain companies in certain situations, or not direct opportunities to certain companies. Any such present and future conflicts could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition which may adversely affect our profitability and results of operations. 

**_28. In addition to normal remuneration, other benefits and reimbursement of expenses of some of our directors (including our Promoter) and Key Management Personnel are interested in our Company to the extent of their shareholding and dividend entitlement in our Company._** 

Some of our Directors (including our Promoter) and Key Management Personnel are interested in our Company to the extent of their shareholding, loan, commission & dividend entitlement in our Company, in addition to normal remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses. We cannot assure you that our directors or our Key Management Personnel would always exercise their rights as Shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. As a result, our directors including our promoters will continue to exercise significant control over our Company, including being able to control the composition of our board of directors and determine decisions requiring simple or special majority voting, and our other Shareholders may be unable to affect the outcome of such voting. Our directors may take or block actions with respect to our business, which may conflict with our best interests or the interests of other minority Shareholders, such as actions with respect to future capital raising or acquisitions. We cannot assure you that our directors will always act to resolve any conflicts of interest in our favor, thereby adversely affecting our business and results of operations and prospects. 

40 

**_29. Some of our borrowings carry restrictive covenants or conditions and could affect our ability to manage our business operations._** 

Our borrowings from banks have certain conditions which could affect our operational flexibilities such as: 

- The company would have to obtain prior permission of bank for availing credit facilities or operating current account with another bank. 

- The company would have to take prior permission for making any adverse changes in its capital structure. 

- ● Implement any scheme of amalgamation, merger or such restructuring. 

- Implement any scheme of expansion or diversification or capital expenditure except normal activities indicated in fund flow statements submitted to bank. 

- Undertake guarantee obligations on behalf of any other company/firm or person. 

- Declare dividend for any year except out of profit relating to that year after meeting all the financial commitments to the bank and making all due and necessary provisions. 

- Make any drastic changes in its management set ups. 

Our inability to meet these conditions or ensure that compliance of these conditions do not hamper the operational flexibility needed from time to time could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial conditions. 

Further, for the proposed Offer, our Company has obtained the necessary consents from its lenders, as required  under the relevant facility documentations for undertaking activities relating to the Offer including consequent actions, such as changes/amendments to including but not limited to, the constitutional documents (Memorandum of Association and/or Articles of Association) of our Company, the composition of its Management set-up, shareholding pattern, repayement/pre-payment of loans etc. For further details, please see _“Financial Indebtedness” on page no.285_ of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_30. The Improper handling, processing or storage of raw materials or products, or spoilage of and damage to such raw materials and products, or any real or perceived contamination in our products, could subject us to regulatory and legal action, damage our reputation and have an adverse effect on our business,_** _r_ **_esults of operations and financial condition._** 

The products that we process or produce are subject to risks such as contamination, adulteration and product tampering during their processing, transport or storage. We face inherent business risks of exposure to product liability or recall claims in the event that our products fail to meet the required quality standards or are alleged to result in harm to customers. For example, in meat exports business although we extensively test our primary raw material which is livestock of buffalo, there could still be some deviation from prescribed quality standards due to factors such as human error. Also, our raw materials and products are required to be stored and transported at specific conditions and under certain food safety conditions. Such risks may be controlled, but not eliminated, by adherence to good processing practices and finished product testing. We have little, if any, control over proper handling once our products are shipped to our customers, particularly our retail customers. We face the risk of legal proceedings and product liability claims being brought by various entities including consumers, distributors and government agencies for various reasons including for defective or contaminated products sold. For further details, please see “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments litigation filed against our company” on page no. 290.  If we experience a product recall or are a party to a product liability case, we may incur considerable expense in litigation. We cannot assure you that we will not experience product recalls or product liability losses in the future. 

**_31. Our inability to accurately forecast demand or price for our products and manage our inventory may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our business depends on our ability to estimate the demand for our products from customers across different geographies we serve. If we underestimate demand or have inadequate capacity due to which we are unable to meet the demand for our products, we may process and produce fewer quantities of products than required, which could result in the loss of business. While we forecast the demand and price for our products and accordingly plan our production volumes, any error in our forecast could result in a reduction in our profit margins and surplus stock, which may result in additional storage cost and such surplus stock may not be sold in a timely manner, or at all. At times when we have overestimated demand, we may have incurred costs to build capacity or purchased more raw materials and processed more products than required. In addition, our products have a shelf life of a specified period and if not sold prior to expiry, may lead to losses or if consumed after expiry, may lead to health hazards. Our 

41 

inability to accurately forecast demand for our products and manage our inventory may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_32. A shortage or non-availability of electricity, fuel or water may adversely affect our processing operations and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our processing operations require a significant amount and continuous supply of electricity, fuel and water and any shortage or non-availability may adversely affect our operations. The production process of certain products, as well as the storage of livestock, raw materials and products in temperature-controlled environments requires significant power. We currently source our water requirements from state and municipal corporations and local body water supply, canals, bore wells and water tankers and depend on state electricity boards for our energy requirements. Although we have diesel generators to meet exigencies at certain of our facilities, we cannot assure you that our facilities will be operational during power failures. Any failure on our part to obtain alternate sources of electricity, fuel or water, in a timely fashion, and at an acceptable cost, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_33. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of tax laws, may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. GST has been implemented with effect from July 1, 2017 and has replaced the indirect taxes on goods and services such as central excise duty, service tax, central sales tax, state VAT and surcharge currently being collected by the central and state governments. Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

**_34. Our operations are hazardous and could expose us to the risk of liabilities, loss of revenue and increased expenses._** 

Our operations are subject to various hazards associated with the production of frozen meat products, such as the use, handling, processing, storage and transportation of livestock and disease as well as infections management from such activities. In addition, our employees operate heavy machinery at our processing facilities and accidents may occur while operating such machinery. These hazards can cause personal injury and loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property and equipment, environmental damage and may result in the suspension of operations and the imposition of civil and criminal liabilities. On 21st April, 2023, an accident took place at the factory of Federal Agro Industries Private Limited, while cleaning the cement drainage pit constructed for draining waste of slaughtered animals. Federal Agro had engaged 4 persons to clean the said drainage pit. It appears that the said workers without following the proper procedure lifted the cover of the pit, which caused release of toxic gas from the drainage pit causing death of 4 workers. Pursuant to this accident, FIR was lodged against Mr. Kamil Quershi and P.M. Hameed at Dera Bassi Police Station under Sections 304 read with Section 34 of the Indian Penal Code. The Police have recorded the statements of relatives of the deceased workers. Federal Agro is investigating the matter and in the process of providing proper monetary compensation to the legal heirs of the deceased, on receipt of which the legal heirs would be withdrawing their respective complaints made to the Police station. We cannot assure that such accident or incident will not occur in future and if they occur, we and our employers, directors, officers may be liable criminally or otherwise for the damage, injury caused to any person or property and compensation payable therefore or for loss of life. As a result of past or future operations, claims of injury by employees or members of the public due to exposure, or alleged exposure, to the hazardous materials involved in our business may arise. For further details, see _“Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments”_ on page no.290 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Liabilities incurred as a result of these events have the potential to adversely impact our financial position. Events like these could result in liabilities, or adversely affect our reputation with suppliers, customers, regulators, employees and the public, which could in turn affect our financial condition and business performance. 

42 

# **_35. Fluctuations in the price of procurement of livestock could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

The results of operations of our meat business depend heavily on the price of livestock prices which are subject to volatility and cyclicality, and are affected by, among other things: 

- The supply of and demand for buffalo livestock in local areas 

- Local and global consumption levels of meat; and 

- Import and Export duties and other taxes and regulations related to meat. 

- Perception of Indian Buffalo in the foreign markets 

- Local disruptions in other exporting or importing countries w.r.t livestock products 

Livestock is not a globally exchange traded commodity and is severely local w.r.t it’s pricing. Various factors could affect the prices of livestock to change including but not limited to those mentioned above. Further, in the event of a significant and prolonged reduction in the prices for buffalo livestock, farmers may uproot their business of livestock and move to other activities, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**_36. The Objects of the Offer for which funds are being raised have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. The deployment of funds is entirely at the discretion of our management and as per the details mentioned in the section titled “Objects of the Issue”. Any revision in the estimates may require us to reschedule our expenditure and may have a bearing on our expected revenues and earnings._** 

Our funding requirements and the deployment of the proceeds of the Issue are purely based on our management’s estimates and have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. Our Company may have to revise such estimates from time to time on account of various factors such as our financial and market condition, business and strategy, competition, negotiation with suppliers, and other external factors including impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, interest or exchange rate fluctuations, increase in input costs, logistics and transport costs, taxes and duties, regulatory costs which may not be within the control of our management Our estimates may exceed the value and may require us to reschedule our expenditure which may have a bearing on our expected revenues and earnings. Further, the deployment of the funds towards the Objects of the Issue is entirely at the discretion of our management. However, our Company has appointed, CRISIL Ratings Limited (CRISIL) as a Monitoring Agency in compliance with SEBI ICDR Regulations for monitoring the utilisation of the Net Proceeds and the Board after consideration and approval by the Audit Committee will disclose the utilisation of Net Proceeds under separate head in our balance sheet along with relevant details for all sum amounts that have not been utilized. Our Company will issue a disclosure to the Stock Exchanges, on a quarterly basis, deviations, if any, in the Use of Proceeds of the Issue from the Objects stated in the Red Herring Prospectus or by way of an explanatory statement to the notice for a general meeting 

**_37. We have certain contingent liabilities that have not been provided for in our Company’s financials, which if realized, could adversely affect our financial condition._** 

Our contingent liabilities as at December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

||(₹ in million)|
|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Period ended**<br>**December 31, 2022**|
|(a) Export obligation<sup>(1)</sup>||
|The Group has imported plant and machinery for their project under EPCG scheme for which<br>- Export obligation pending against duty saved against which export has to be made in six<br>years|705.58|
|(b) Other commitments – Guarantee given to Contingent Liabilities for loans availed by the<br>Group|5,450.00|
|(c) Contingent Liabilities<sup>(2)</sup>||
|Claim against Group not acknowledged as debt for matters under appeal against below revenue<br>authorites.||
|Income Tax|-|
|Service Tax|125.67|
|Value Added Tax|199.30|



(1) We cannot assure you that these contingent liabilities will not become established as liabilities. In the event any of these contingent liabilities become established as liabilities, it may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

(2) The Company believes that these claims are not tenable and hence no provision 

43 

# **_38. Any failure of our information technology systems could adversely affect our business and our operations._** 

We have information technology systems that support our business processes, including product formulas, product development, sales, order processing, production, procurement, inventory management, quality control, product costing, human resources, distribution and finance. These systems may be susceptible to outages due to fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, natural disasters, break-ins and similar events. Effective response to such disruptions will require effort and diligence on the part of our third-party vendors and employees to avoid any adverse effect to our information technology systems. In addition, our systems and proprietary data stored electronically may be vulnerable to computer viruses, cybercrime, computer hacking and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering. If such unauthorized use of our systems were to occur, data related to our product formulas, product development and other proprietary information could be compromised. Even though we have not experienced any major loss (not more than ₹ 5 million) due to technology failures in the past. The occurrence of any such events could adversely affect our business, interrupt our operations, subject us to increased operating costs and expose us to litigations. 

**_39. Competition in the industries in which we operate could result in a reduction in our market share or require us to incur substantial expenditures on advertising and marketing, either of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial conditions._** 

The industries in which we operate and intend to venture into are intensely competitive. We compete with several regional and local companies, as well as large multi-national companies that are larger and have substantially greater resources than we do, including the ability to spend more on advertising and marketing. We also face competition from new entrants who may have more flexibility in responding to changing business and economic conditions. Competition in our businesses can be based on, among other things, pricing, and innovation, perceived value, brand recognition, promotional activities, advertising, special events, new product introductions and other activities. It is difficult for us to predict the timing and scale of our competitors’ actions in these areas. We expect competition to continue to be intense as our existing competitors expand their operations and introduce new products. Our failure to compete effectively, including any delay in responding to changes in the industry and market, together with increased spending on advertising, may affect the competitiveness of our products, which may result in a decline in our revenues and profitability. Our buffalo meat business faces significant competition, particularly from other vertically integrated peer companies. Some of our competitors may be larger than us, or develop alliances to compete against us, have more financial and other resources and have products with greater brand recognition than ours. Our competitors in certain regions may also have better access or exclusive arrangements to procure raw materials required in our operations and may procure them at lower costs than us, and consequently be able to sell their products at lower prices. As a result, we cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against our existing or potential competitors or that our business and results of operations will not be adversely affected by increased competition. 

**_40. Our inability to meet our obligations, including financial and other covenants under our debt financing arrangements could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

As of December 31, 2022, we had a total outstanding indebtedness of ₹ 3,406.77 million. For details of our indebtedness please refer to chapter titled “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 285 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Our ability to meet our debt service obligations and repay our outstanding borrowings will depend primarily on the cash generated by our business. Our financing agreements contain certain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to undertake certain types of transactions, including: 

- any change in line of business or change in ownership, 

- changes to our equity share capital and promoter ownership 

- further charge creation on assets owned by the company 

- raise debt capital from overseas or other debt markets 

Inability to undertake such activities without the banks consent could delay such process of the company and hence in some cases adversely affect our business and financial condition. In addition, certain of our borrowings require us to maintain certain financial ratios and certain other informative covenants, which are tested at times on a quarterly or annual basis. In the event we breach any financial or other covenants contained in any of our financing arrangements or in the event we had breached any terms in the past which is noticed in the future, we may be required to immediately repay our borrowings either in whole or in part, together with any related costs. We may also be forced to sell some or all of our assets if we do not have sufficient cash or credit facilities to make repayments. Further, certain of our financing arrangements are due for renewal and we cannot guarantee that the facilities availed under such arrangements will be renewed on the previously agreed terms and conditions, or conditions which are 

44 

not more onerous on us. Our failure to meet our obligations under the debt financing agreements could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_41. Some of our business operations are being conducted on leased premises and also as per agreements for facility usage. Our inability to seek renewal or extension of such leases may materially affect our business operations._** 

Some of our business operations are being conducted on premises used by us from various third parties. We may also enter into such transactions with third parties in the future. Any adverse impact on the title, ownership rights, development rights of the owners from whose premises we operate, breach of the contractual terms of any lease, leave and license agreements, or any inability to renew such agreements on acceptable terms may materially affect our business operations. For further details, see “Our Business – Properties” on page no.130. 

**_42. Any inability on our part to collect amounts owed to us could result in the reduction of our profits._** 

Our operations involve extending credit for extended periods of time to our distributors and certain customers and consequently, we face the risk of the uncertainty regarding the receipt of these outstanding amounts. The working capital cycle w.r.t our trade receivables for is of around 45 days with variation of 10 days expected as normal industry practice. As a result of such industry conditions, we have and may continue to have high levels of outstanding receivables. As per Restated Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020 our trade receivables were ₹ 2,897.46 million, ₹ 1,567.42 million and ₹ 1,166.71 million respectively or 9.23%, 9.11% & 4.83% of our revenue from operations, respectively. The average working capital cycle of our trade receivables based on this data works out at around 45 days. We have a long-standing relationship with many of these debtors. We have not experienced any significant bad debts or trade recovery related issue, however as we scale our business, we may not be able to effectively manage our credit risk w.r.t as we enter new avenues and geographies. If our distributors and customers delay or default in making these payments, our profits could be adversely affected and it could affect our working capital cycle hence affecting our financial condition. 

**_43. If we pursue strategic acquisitions or joint ventures, we may not be able to successfully consummate favourable transactions or successfully integrate acquired businesses._** 

We may from time to time evaluate potential acquisitions or joint ventures that would further our strategic objectives. We have multiple subsidiaries and a joint operation entity. However, we may not be able to identify suitable companies, consummate a transaction on terms that are favorable to us, or achieve expected returns and other benefits as a result of integration challenges or anti-monopoly regulations. Companies or operations acquired or joint ventures created by us may not be profitable or may not achieve sales levels and profitability that justify the investments made. Our corporate development activities may entail financial and operational risks, including diversion of management attention from its existing core business, difficulty in integrating or separating personnel and financial and other systems, and negative impacts on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers. Future acquisitions could also result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities; the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities and increased operating expenses, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

**_44. We are dependent on a number of key personnel, including our senior management, and the loss of, or our inability to attract or retain such persons could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our performance depends largely on the efforts and abilities of our senior management and other key personnel. The inputs and experience of our senior management and key managerial personnel are valuable for the development of business and operations and the strategic decisions taken by our Company. Our overall attrition level for the period ended for December 31, 2022 was 18.70 % and for the year ended March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020 were 5.5 %, 3.23 % and 2.99 % respectively. We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain these employees or find adequate replacements in a timely manner, or at all. We may require a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when qualified personnel terminate their employment with our Company. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting employees that our business requires. 

Further, our ability to successfully carry out research and development depends on our ability to attract and retain skilled persons. The personnel at the helm of our R&D functions are critical for new product launches and creating differentiated offering for our businesses. Currently, we have an experienced technical and production team, we may not be able to continuously attract or retain such personnel, or retain them on acceptable terms, given the demand for such personnel. Competition for qualified personnel with relevant industry expertise in India is intense and the 

45 

loss of the services of our key personnel may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_45. Our operations may involve certain transactions in or with countries or persons that are subject to U.S. and other sanctions._** 

U.S. law generally prohibits U.S. persons from directly or indirectly investing or otherwise doing business in or with certain countries that are the subject of comprehensive sanctions and with certain persons or businesses that have been specially designated by the OFAC or other U.S. government agencies. Other governments and international or regional organizations also administer similar economic sanctions. Although we have not experienced any material breach (not more than ₹ 5 million) w.r.t these compliances till date as we have endeavored to have compliance systems in place that are sufficient to block prohibited transactions, there can be no assurance that we will be able to fully monitor all of our transactions for any potential violation. We may enter into transactions with suppliers or logistics providers who may be doing business with countries to which certain OFAC administered and other sanctions apply. There can be no assurance that we will be able to fully monitor all of our transactions for any potential violation. If it were determined that transactions in which we participate violate U.S. or other sanctions, we could be subject to U.S. or other penalties, and our reputation and future business prospects in the United States or with U.S. persons, or in other jurisdictions, could be adversely affected. We rely on our staff to be up-to-date and aware of the latest sanctions in place. Further, investors in the Equity Shares could incur reputational or other risks as the result of our customers’ dealings in or with countries or with persons that are the subject of U.S. sanctions. 

# **_46. We face foreign exchange risks that could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows._** 

We have foreign currency payables for costs incurred during our export sales business operations and during our equipment procurement processes, capital goods procurement, and are therefore exposed to foreign exchange risk between the Indian Rupee and U.S. dollars and other foreign currencies. We do try to manage our foreign exchange risk by hedging the same by way of exchange traded as well as OTC products, however depending on the cost benefit analysis of such hedge available in the markets from time to time, we may continue to remain exposed to movements in foreign exchanges we deal in for medium to short term periods. Any significant fluctuation in the value of the Indian Rupee against such currencies including as noticed recently in the case of the US Dollar may adversely affect our results of operations. Any appreciation of foreign currencies against the Indian Rupee may result in reduction of our margins and consequently have an adverse effect on business and result of operations. For details of our net exposure to currency risk please refer to “Restated Financial Statements – “Exposure to Currency Risk “on page 230 of the Red Herring Prospectus. Also see, “ _Restated Financial Statements – Annexure VI – Note 27: Financial Risk Management_ ” on page no. 229 of the Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_47. Our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer._** 

The Offer comprises an Offer for Sale aggregating up to ₹ 3,300 million by the Selling Shareholders. Our Company will not receive any proceeds of the Offer. However, in the event that the Offer is withdrawn or not completed for any reason whatsoever, all the Offer related expenses will be exclusively borne by our Company. The expenses of the Selling Shareholders will, at the outset, be borne by our Company and each Selling Shareholder will reimburse our Company for such expenses (inclusive of taxes) incurred by our Company on behalf of such Selling Shareholders, in relation to the Offer, upon successful completion of the Offer in the manner as prescribed under applicable law and in a manner as may be mutually agreed among our Company and the Selling Shareholders. 

# **_48. We may be subject to fraud, theft, employee negligence or similar incidents._** 

Our operations may be subject to incidents of theft or damage to inventory in transit, prior to or during showroom stocking and display. Our industry typically encounters some inventory loss on account of employee theft, shoplifting, vendor fraud, credit card fraud and general administrative error. We maintain large amounts of inventory at all our processing facilities at all times and had a total inventory of ₹ 962.55 million, as of December 31, 2022. So far, our Company has not experienced any material fraud, theft or any such incident (not more than ₹ 5 million); however, there can be no assurance that we will not experience any fraud, theft, employee negligence, security lapse, loss in transit or similar incidents in the future, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Additionally, in case of losses due to theft, fire, breakage or damage caused by other casualties, there can be no assurance that we will be able to recover from our insurers the full amount of any such loss in a timely manner, or at all. If we incur a significant inventory loss due to third-party or employee theft and if such loss exceeds the limits of, 

46 

or is subject to exclusion from, coverage under our insurance policies, it could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, if we file claims under an insurance policy it could lead to increases in the insurance premiums payable by us or the termination of coverage under the relevant policy. 

**_49. The loss of certain independent certification and accreditation of our products and the processing practices that we have adopted could harm our business._** 

We rely on independent certification of our products and must comply with the requirements of independent organizations or certification authorities including our Halal certifications and certifications from APEDA, FSSAI, GMP, ISO, HACCP, etc. 

We could lose the certifications and accreditations for certain of our products if we are not able to adhere to the quality standards and specifications required under such certifications and accreditations. The loss of any independent certification and processing practices may restrict our ability to export our products outside India, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_50. Our business is manpower intensive. Our business may be adversely affected by work stoppages, increased wage demands by our employees, or an increase in minimum wages across various states, and if we are unable to engage new employees at commercially attractive terms._** 

Our operations are manpower intensive and we are dependent on our processing staff for a significant portion of our operations. As of December 31, 2022, we (including our subsidiary) had 926 staff base on our payroll. For details, see “ _Our Business – Human Resource_ ” on page 130. The success of our operations depends on the availability of and maintaining good relationships with our workforce. Further, during the Fiscal 2020, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2022, we (including our subsidiary) had incurred employee benefit expenses of ₹759.61 million, ₹585.96 million and ₹ 1,056.16 million respectively. Shortage of skilled personnel or disruptions caused by disagreements with employees could have an adverse effect on our business and the results of operations. While we have never experienced any major disruptions in our business operations due to disputes or other problems with our work force in the past, there can be no assurance that we will not experience any such disruption in the future. Such disruptions may adversely affect our business and results of operations and may also divert the management’s attention and result in increased costs. Our success also depends on our ability to attract, hire, train and retain skilled processing personnel. Due to our facilities’ remote locations, it is challenging for us to hire skilled managerial or professional staff from metro cities. An inability to recruit, train and retain suitably qualified and skilled personnel could adversely impact our reputation, business prospects and results of operations. As we expand our business network, we will need experienced manpower that has knowledge of the local market, or technical knowledge to operate machinery such that our operations can be perpetuated. We have faced increasing competition for management and skilled personnel with significant knowledge and experience in the food processing sector in India. 

A significant increase in our employee attrition rate could also result in decreased operational efficiencies and productivity, loss of market knowledge and customer relationships, and an increase in recruitment and training costs, thereby materially and adversely affecting our business, results of operations and financial condition. We cannot assure you that we will be able to find or hire personnel with the necessary experience or expertise to operate our machinery in our existing processing facilities or new facilities that we are proposing to be commissioned. In the event that we are unable to hire people with the necessary knowledge or expertise, our business may be severely disrupted, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

While we consider our current labour relations to be good, and we have measures in place aimed at maintaining balanced employee relations, for example, a majority of our migrant workers stayed with us during the COVID- 19 pandemic and worked in our processing facilities, there can be no assurance that we will not experience future disruptions in our operations due to disputes, strikes, work stoppages, work slow-downs or lockouts at our processing facilities. Although we have not experienced any material labour unrest, we cannot assure you that we will not experience disruptions in work or our retail operations due to disputes or other problems with our work force, which may adversely affect our ability to continue our business operations. Any labour unrest directed against us, could directly or indirectly prevent or hinder our normal operating activities, and, if not resolved in a timely manner, could lead to disruptions in our operations. 

During periods of shortages in labour, we may not be able to manufacture our products according to our previously determined time frames, at our previously estimated product costs, or at all, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and reputation. Moreover, since a majority of our processing workers are migrant workers, we are subject to stringent labour laws, and any violation of these laws may lead regulators or other 

47 

authorities to order a suspension of certain or all of our operations. Any of the foregoing may adversely affect our business and the results of operations. 

We may also be subject to increasing manpower costs in India, which would directly impact our employee costs and consequently, on our margins. Further, the minimum wage laws in India may be amended leading to upward revisions in the minimum wages payable in one or more states in which we currently operate or are planning to expand to. We may need to increase compensation and other benefits in order to attract and retain key personnel in the future and that may materially affect our costs and profitability. We cannot assure you that as we continue to grow our business in the future, our employee costs coupled with operating expenses will not significantly increase. 

**_51. We rely on contract labor for carrying out certain of our operations and we may be held responsible for paying the wages of such workers, if the independent contractors through whom such workers are hired default on their obligations, and such obligations could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition._** 

In order to retain flexibility and control costs, we appoint independent contractors who in turn engage on-site contract labor for performance of certain of our operations in each of our business verticals. We have appointed 68, 65 and 174 different independent labor contractors for the fiscal years 2020, 2021 and 2022 respectively for providing us contract labourers, as per our requirement from time to time. Although we do not engage these laborers directly, we may be held responsible for any wage payments to be made to such laborers in the event of default by such independent contractor. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, under the Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970, as amended, we may be required to absorb a number of such contract labourers as permanent employees. In the event of any non-compliance by contractors with statutory requirements, legal proceedings may be initiated against us. Thus, any such order from a regulatory body or court may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_52. Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or may not adequately protect us against all material hazards, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We could be held liable for accidents that occur at our processing facilities or otherwise arise out of our operations. In the event of personal injuries, fires or other accidents suffered by our employees or other people, we could face claims alleging that we were negligent, provided inadequate supervision or be otherwise liable for the injuries. 

We have not experienced any material losses due to under-insurance in past and endeavor to ensure that the insurance coverage which we maintain would be reasonably adequate to cover the normal and abnormal risks associated with the operations of our business such as fire, other natural calamities and accidents onsite, burglary, theft, maritime shipping related accidents/losses etc., As on date, we have the insurance coverage is approximately ₹ 5,700 million. We cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honored fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our possible losses. In addition, our insurance expires from time to time. For eg: we have not obtained the insurance for events like covid pandemic or such distruptive events which do not allow us to operate our business, our insurance coverage does not include losses arising from statutory actions on our processing plants, livestock raw material damage due to mishandling by our workers etc. and hence we cannot be sure that all our risks are covered by insuarance. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage, for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, and which is not covered by insurance, exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, cash flows and financial performance could be adversely affected. 

**_53. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. For details of dividend paid by our Company in the past, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page no. 209 

48 

**_54. Certain of our existing shareholders together may be able to exert substantial voting control over our Company after completion of the Issue, which may limit your ability to influence the outcome of matters submitted for approval of our shareholders._** 

Following the completion of the Issue, certain of our existing shareholders will continue to hold more than 75% of our post- Issue Equity Share capital. This concentration of ownership could limit your ability to influence corporate matters requiring shareholder approval. These existing shareholders will have the ability to significantly influence matters requiring shareholders’ approval, including the ability to appoint Directors to our Board and the right to approve significant actions at Board and at shareholders’ meetings, including the issue of Equity Shares and dividend payments, business plans, mergers and acquisitions, any consolidation or joint venture arrangements, any amendment to our Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association, and any assignment or transfer of our interest in any of our licenses. In addition, if our shareholders do not act together, such matters requiring shareholder approval may be delayed or not occur at all, which could adversely affect our business. Moreover, these shareholders are not obligated to provide any business opportunities to us. If such other shareholders invest in another company in competition with us, we may lose the support provided to us by them, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. We cannot assure you that our existing shareholders will not have conflicts of interest with other shareholders or with our Company. Any such conflict may adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy or to operate our business. 

**_55. Industry information included in this Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from the Company commissioned Bricksworks Analytics Industry Report and our Company had paid for such Industry Report._** 

This Red Herring Prospectus includes information from the Company commissioned Brickworks Analytics Industry Report titled “Report on Meat Export Industry” dated March 21, 2022, which has been exclusively prepared for the purpose of the issue and is commissioned and paid-for by our Company. Brickworks Analytics has advised that, while it has taken due care and caution in preparing its report based on public information and industry and statistical data information obtained from sources which it considers reliable, it does not guarantee the adequacy or completeness of such information and is not liable for any loss or damage suffered because of reliance on the information contained in the report. The Company commissioned Brickworks Analytics Industry Report highlights certain industry and market data relating to our Company and our Competitors. Such data is subject to many assumptions. Further, such assumptions may change based on various factors. The assumption of Brickworks Analytics has been obtained from sources generally believed to be reliable, but their completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed. Prospective investors are advised not to rely unduly on the Company commissioned Brickworks Analytics Industry Report when making their investment decisions. 

**_56. Our ability to raise foreign capital under the FDI route is constrained by Indian law and we may be subject to various conditions if we propose to raise foreign capital through the FDI route. Further, we propose to raise foreign capital in the Issue from certain foreign investors under the FPI route in accordance with the applicable law and may raise further foreign capital from such foreign investors. If our shareholders do not increase this limit in the future or the Government of India reduces the permissible limit or imposes restrictive conditions in the future, our ability to raise foreign capital could be adversely affected and consequently, this may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations._** 

Our company presently does not propose to raise any foreign capital or in the issue through the FDI route and accordingly, our Company does not comply with these conditions. However, in the event that our Company proposes to raise foreign capital in the future through the FDI route, then we would be required to meet certain conditions as prescribed under the FDI policy. We cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with any of these conditions in the future, and such inability may adversely affect our growth plans and business prospects. 

Further, in accordance with the FDI policy, we propose to allow participation by non-residents in the Issue to the extent of participation by (i) FPIs through the portfolio investment scheme under schedule 2A of the FEMA regulations, subject to limit of the individual holding of an FPI below 10% of the post-Issue paid up capital of our Company and the aggregate limit for FPI investment under applicable law, and (ii) Eligible NRIs only on nonrepatriation basis under schedule 4 of the FEMA Regulations, subject to limit of the individual holding of an Eligible NRI below 5% of the post-issue paid-up capital of our company and aggregate limit for NRI investment to 10% on the post issue paid-up capital of our Company. Further other non-residents such as FVCIs, multilateral and bilateral development financial institutions are not permitted to participate in the issue. As per the existing policy of the Government of India, OCBs cannot participate in this issue. 

49 

We cannot assure you that the government of India will continue to allow current level of participation by the aforesaid investors in the sectors in which we operate or that the government of India build not impose any further conditions with respect to such investments any adverse decision by the government of India in this regard could adversely affect our business prospects results of operations and trading price of our equity shares for their more as an Indian company we are subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies such regulatory restrictions to constrain or ability to obtain finance things on competitive terms and define as existing indebtedness in addition we cannot assure you that any required regulatory approvals for borrowing in foreign currency is will be kind to us without on various conditions or tall limitations on foreign that maybe have an adverse effect on our business growth fund essel condition and results of operations 

**_57. We have business relationships with limited number of customers accounting for a substantial portion of our revenue. If our existing customers do not deal with us, or our relationships are impaired or terminated, our revenue could decline, and our results of operations would be adversely impacted._** 

We derive a significant portion of our revenue from few of our customers, and focusing on catering them with our products is a part of our growth strategy. Our top ten customers contribute to 36.40 % for the nine-month period ended December 31, 2022, 38.55 % for the year ended March 31, 2022,42.57% for the year ended March 31, 2021 and 45.60% for the year ended March 31, 2020 for our revenue from operations of our revenue from operations. This shows that we have a concentrated customer base and dependence on few customers making our business riskier. It is not possible for us to predict the future level of demand from our larger customers for our products. 

Our clients typically have no obligation to maintain or expand their business relationship with us. If one or more of our clients terminate their dealings with us, whether for convenience, for default in the event of a breach by us, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. This adverse impact would be even more pronounced for customers that represent a material portion of our revenue or business operations. 

Our ability to build and maintain consistent client business relationships may decrease or vary as a result of a number of factors, including our customer satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our products, our pricing, the effects of general economic conditions, competitive offerings or alternatives, or reductions in our customers’ spending levels. If our clients do not maintain their business relationships with us or the other terms and conditions are less favorable to us, our revenue may grow more slowly than expected or decline and our business could suffer. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations would also be adversely affected if we face difficulty collecting our accounts receivable from our clients. If our efforts to expand our existing business within our existing client base are not successful, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely impacted. 

**_58. Our inability to fulfill the export obligation under the EPCG scheme could subject us to payment of customs duties together with interest thereby adversely impacting our financial condition._** 

Our company has obtained licenses under EPCG scheme which enable us for duty free import of machinery required for processing of our export bound products. Such benefits are subject to fulfillment of time bound export obligations as may be specified. The value and quantity of each item permitted under EPCG imports are specified in the license, which are issued on pre-export or post-export export basis and are subject to fulfillment of time bound export obligation. 

As on December 31, 2022, we have a net export obligation of ₹ 705.58 million. Any failure on our part to achieve the required export obligation will subject us to an obligation to pay the customs duty saved and any further penal charges if any. For more information on EPCG-Scheme (contingent liability), please refer page 240 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **External Risk Factors** 

# **_Risks relating to India_** 

# **_59. Changing regulations in India could lead to new compliance requirements that are uncertain._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate are evolving and are subject to change. The GoI may implement new laws or other regulations and policies that could affect our business in general, which could lead to new compliance requirements, including requiring us to obtain approvals and licenses from the Government and other regulatory bodies, or impose onerous requirements. For instance, the GoI has introduced (a) the Code on Wages, 2019; (b) the Code on Social Security, 2020; (c) the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions 

50 

Code, 2020; and (d) the Industrial Relations Code, 2020 which consolidate, subsume and replace numerous existing central labour legislations. While the rules for implementation under these codes have not been notified, we are yet to determine the impact of all or some such laws on our business and operations which may restrict our ability to grow our business in the future and increase our expenses. In another example, the GoI has made it mandatory for business establishments with turnover above a certain size to offer digital modes of payment from November 2019, with no charges being levied on the customers or the merchants by banks and payment service providers. Such measures could adversely impact our income streams in the future and adversely affect its financial performance. 

Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. For instance, the Supreme Court of India has in a decision clarified the components of basic wages which need to be considered by companies while making provident fund payments, which resulted in an increase in the provident fund payments to be made by companies. Any such decisions in future or any further changes in interpretation of laws may have an impact on our results of operations. 

**_60. Natural or man-made disasters, fires, epidemics, pandemics, acts of war, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other events could materially and adversely affect our business._** 

Natural disasters (such as typhoons, flooding and earthquakes), epidemics, pandemics such as COVID-19 and manmade disasters, including acts of war, terrorist attacks and other events, many of which are beyond our control, may lead to economic instability, including in India or globally, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations may be adversely affected by fires, natural disasters and/or severe weather, which can result in damage to our property or inventory and generally reduce our productivity and may require us to evacuate personnel and suspend operations. A number of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to contagious diseases and, for example, have had confirmed cases of diseases such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID-19. A worsening of the current outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic or future outbreaks of COVID-19 or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the global economy and economic activity in the region. As a result, any present or future outbreak of a contagious disease could have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares. India has from timeto-time experienced instances of social, religious and civil unrest and hostilities between neighbouring countries. Recently there has been ongoing mass protest by farmers, against three farm acts which were passed by the Parliament of India in September 2020. The introduction of the law caused protests in several parts of the country like Delhi, Haryana and Punjab. In case there are mass protests leading to civil unrest, such incidents could impact both our operations and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Present relations between India and Pakistan continue to be fragile on the issues of terrorism, armaments and Kashmir. In April 2019, skirmishes along India’s border with Pakistan and the downing of an Indian military jet fighter plane significantly escalated tensions between the two countries. India has also experienced terrorist attacks in some parts of the country. In November 2008, several coordinated shooting and bombing attacks occurred across Mumbai, India’s financial capital. These attacks resulted in loss of life, property and business. Military activity or terrorist attacks in the future could influence the Indian economy by disrupting communications and making travel more difficult and such political tensions could create a greater perception that investments in Indian companies involve higher degrees of risk. Events of this nature in the future, as well as social and civil unrest within other countries in Asia, could influence the Indian economy and could have a material adverse effect on the market for securities of Indian companies. 

**_61. A downgrade in ratings of India and other jurisdictions we operate may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. Any further adverse revisions to credit ratings for India and other jurisdictions we operate in by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing. This could have an adverse effect on our 

51 

ability to fund our growth on favourable terms and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_62. We may be affected by competition laws in India, the adverse application or interpretation of which could adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, of India, as amended (“ **Competition Act** ”), regulates practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India (“ **AAEC** ”). Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an AAEC is considered void and may result in the imposition of substantial penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or the provision of services or shares the market or source of production or provision of services in any manner, including by way of allocation of geographical area or number of customers in the relevant market or directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an AAEC and is considered void. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. If it is proved that the contravention committed by a company took place with the consent or connivance or is attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other officer of such company, that person shall be also guilty of the contravention and may be punished. The Competition Act aims to, among other things, prohibit all agreements and transactions, which may have an AAEC on competition in India and all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extraterritorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an AAEC in India. However, the impact of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements entered into by us cannot be predicted with certainty at this stage. However, since we pursue an acquisition driven growth strategy, we may be affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI or if any prohibition or substantial penalties are levied under the Competition Act, it would adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

# **_63. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in the United States, Asia and elsewhere in the world in recent years has adversely affected the Indian economy. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby negatively affect the Indian economy. Financial disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on our principal markets. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. Following the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union (“ **Brexit** ”), there remains significant uncertainty around the terms of their future relationship with the European Union including trade agreements between the United Kingdom and European Union and, more generally, as to the impact of Brexit on the general economic conditions in the United Kingdom and the European Union and any consequential impact on global financial markets. In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy as well as a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term effect of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. Any significant financial disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. These developments or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. Since December 2019, the ongoing outbreak of COVID-19 has affected countries globally, with the World Health Organization declaring the outbreak as a pandemic in March 2020. There have been border controls, lockdowns and travel restrictions imposed 

52 

by various countries, as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak. Such an outbreak of an infectious disease together with the resulting restrictions on travel and/or imposition of lockdown measures have resulted in protracted volatility in domestic and international markets has resulted in a global slowdown and crisis. In particular, the COVID-19 outbreak has caused stock markets worldwide to fluctuate significantly in value and has impacted global economic activity. A number of governments have revised gross domestic product growth forecasts for 2020 and 2021 downwards in response to the economic slowdown caused by the spread of COVID-19, and it is possible that the outbreak of COVID-19 will cause a prolonged global economic crisis or recession. If we are unable to successfully anticipate and respond to changing economic and market conditions, our business, results of operations and financial condition and prospects may be adversely affected. 

# **_64. The Indian tax regime has undergone substantial changes which could adversely affect our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any change in Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. For instance, the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2019, prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. According to this Act, companies can henceforth voluntarily opt in favour of a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which would ultimately reduce the effective tax rate (on gross basis) for Indian companies from 34.94% to approximately 25.17%. Any such future amendments may affect our ability to claim exemptions that we have historically benefited from, and such exemptions may no longer be available to us. The Government of India has also implemented two major reforms in Indian tax laws, namely the GST, and provisions relating to general anti-avoidance rules (“ **GAAR** ”). The indirect tax regime in India has undergone a complete overhaul. The indirect taxes on goods and services, such as central excise duty, service tax, central sales tax, state value added tax, surcharge and excise have been replaced by Goods and Service Tax with effect from July 1, 2017. The GST regime is relatively new and therefore is subject to amendments and its interpretation by the relevant regulatory authorities. GAAR became effective from April 1, 2017. The tax consequences of the GAAR provisions being applied to an arrangement may result in, among others, a denial of tax benefit to us and our business. In the absence of any precedents on the subject, the application of these provisions is subjective. If the GAAR provisions are made applicable to us, it may have an adverse tax impact on us. Further, if the tax costs associated with certain of our transactions are greater than anticipated because of a particular tax risk materializing on account of new tax regulations and policies, it could affect our profitability from such transactions. The Finance Act, 2020 has, amongst others things, provided a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime, including, without limitation, a simplified alternate direct tax regime. For instance, dividend distribution tax (“ **DDT** ”) will not be payable by a domestic company in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by the company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as nonresident and are likely be subject to tax deduction at source. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source from such dividend. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. Further, the Government of India has notified the Finance Act, 2022 (“ **Finance Act** ”) which has introduced various amendments to taxation laws in India. There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. 

**_65. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our products at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our customers thereby reducing our margins._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of wages and other expenses relevant to our business. High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our 

53 

customers, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or increase the price of our products to pass the increase in costs on to our customers. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. Further, the Government of India has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

# **_66. A third-party could be prevented from acquiring control of us post this Offer, because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian law._** 

As a listed Indian entity, there are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company. Under the Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company subsequent to completion of the Offer. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to our shareholders, such a takeover may not be attempted or consummated because of Takeover Regulations. 

# **_67. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us, our Directors, the BRLM or any of their directors and executive officers in India respectively, except by way of a lawsuit in India._** 

Our Company is a company incorporated under the laws of India and all of our directors are located in India. A majority of our assets, our Key Managerial Personnel and officers are also located in India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to affect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce judgments obtained against such parties outside India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if that court was of the view that the number of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy, or if judgments are in breach or contrary to Indian law. In addition, a party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain approval from the RBI to execute such a judgment or to repatriate outside India any amounts recovered. Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13 and Section 44A of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908. India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with only a limited number of jurisdictions, such as the United Kingdom, United Arab Emirates, Singapore and Hong Kong. In order to be enforceable, a judgment from a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements established in the Indian Code of Civil Procedure, 1908. The CPC only permits the enforcement and execution of monetary decrees in the reciprocating jurisdiction, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India, including the United States, cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the nonreciprocating territory, would not be directly enforceable in India. The party in whose favour a final foreign judgment in a non-reciprocating territory is rendered may bring a fresh suit in a competent court in India based on the final judgment within three years of obtaining such final judgment. However, it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the number of damages as excessive or inconsistent with the public policy in India. Further, there is no assurance that a suit brought in an Indian court in relation to a foreign judgment will be disposed of in a timely manner. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain the prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered, and we cannot assure that such approval will be forthcoming within a reasonable period of time, or at all, or that conditions of such approval would be acceptable. Such an amount may also be subject to income tax in accordance with applicable law. 

# **_Risks relating to the Equity Shares and this Offer_** 

**_68. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer 

54 

Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholders in consultation with the BRLM through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “Basis for the Offer Price” on page 94 and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results of our Company, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, problems such as temporary closure, broker default and settlement delays experienced by the Indian Stock Exchanges, strategic actions by us or our competitors, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. Consequently, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all. There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past, and our Equity Share price could fluctuate significantly because of market volatility. A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause investors to lose some or all of their investment. 

# **_69. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of income arising on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, a capital gain arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company is generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for more than 12 months may be subject to long-term capital gains tax in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as STT paid, the quantum of gains and any available treaty exemptions. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long-term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of STT, on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. Further, any gain realized on the sale of our Equity Shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short-term capital gains tax in India. While non-residents may claim tax treaty benefits in relation to such capital gains income, generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s right to impose tax on capital gains arising from the sale of shares of an Indian company. Further, the Finance Act, 2020 (“ **Finance Act 2020** ”), passed by the Parliament of India. The Finance Act 2020 stipulates the sale, transfer and issue of certain securities through exchanges, depositories or otherwise to be charged with stamp duty. The Finance Act 2020 has also clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of certain securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, and the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of certain securities, other than debentures, on a delivery basis is currently specified under the Finance Act 2020 at 0.015% and on a nondelivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. These amendments have come into effect from July 1, 2020. Under the Finance Act 2020, any dividends paid by an Indian company will be subject to tax in the hands of the shareholders at applicable rates. Such taxes will be withheld by the Indian company paying dividends. The Government of India announced the union budget for Fiscal 2022, following which the Finance Bill, 2021 (“ **Finance Bill** ”) was introduced in the Lok Sabha on February 1, 2021. Subsequently, the Finance Bill received assent from the President of India on March 28, 2021 and became the Finance Act, 2021 (“ **Finance Act 2021** ”). Thereafter, the Finance Act, 2022 and the Finance Bill, 2023 has been introduced. There is no certainty on the impact of Finance Act 2021 and 2022 and Finance Bill, 2023 on tax laws or other regulations, which may adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition, and results of operations or on the industry in which we operate. Investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors and to carefully consider the potential tax consequences of owning Equity Shares. 

# **_70. Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Offer._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entries, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited with the Equity Shares within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately six Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in the listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise any delay in commencing trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will 

55 

commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

**_71. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked instruments by us may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by shareholders with significant shareholding may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering of Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares including through exercise of employee stock options, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us or sales of our Equity Shares by our shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. Any disposal of Equity Shares by our major shareholders or the perception that such issuance or sales may occur, including to comply with the minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of the Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. There can be no assurance that we will not issue Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares or that our Shareholders will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of your investment in the Equity Shares. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. 

**_72. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. In addition, pursuant to the Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the DPIIT, which has been incorporated as the proviso to Rule 6(a) of the FEMA Non-debt Rules, all investments under the foreign direct investment route by entities of a country or where the beneficial owner of the Equity Shares is situated in or is a citizen of any such country, can only be made through the Government approval route, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy dated October 15, 2020 and the FEMA Rules. While the term “beneficial owner” is defined under the Prevention of Money-Laundering (Maintenance of Records) Rules, 2005 and the General Financial Rules, 2017, neither the foreign direct neither investment policy nor the FEMA Rules provide a definition of the term “beneficial owner”. The interpretation of “beneficial owner” and enforcement of this regulatory change involves certain uncertainties, which may have an adverse effect on our ability to raise foreign capital. Further, there is uncertainty regarding the timeline within which the said approval from the GoI may be obtained, if at all. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For further information, see “Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities” on page 359. 

**_73. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which investors may be more familiar with and may consider material to their assessment of our financial condition._** 

Our Restated Financial Statements for Fiscal 2020, 2021and 2022 and the nine months ended December 31, 2022, have been prepared and presented in conformity with Ind AS. Ind AS differs in certain significant respects from IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. If our financial statements were to be prepared in accordance with such other accounting principles, our results of operations, cash flows and financial position may be substantially different. Prospective investors should review the accounting policies applied in the preparation of our financial statements, and consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between these accounting principles and those with which they may be more familiar. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

56 

**_74. The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and the Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer. Further, the current market price of some securities listed pursuant to certain previous issues managed by the BRLM is below their respective issue prices._** 

The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and will be determined by our Company and Selling Shareholders in consultation with the BRLM. Furthermore, the Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company and Selling Shareholders in consultation with the BRLM through the Book Building Process. These will be based on numerous factors, including factors as described under “ _Basis for the Offer Price_ ” on page 94 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. In addition to the above, the current market price of securities listed pursuant to certain previous initial public offerings managed by the BRLM is below their respective issue price. For further details, see “Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Price information of past issues handled by the BRLM” on page 316. The factors that could affect the market price of the Equity Shares include, among others, broad market trends, financial performance and results of our Company post-listing, and other factors beyond our control. We cannot assure you that an active market will develop or sustained trading will take place in the Equity Shares or provide any assurance regarding the price at which the Equity Shares will be traded after listing. 

**_75. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after the submission of their Bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after closure of the Bid/ Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/ Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until the Bid/ Offer Closing Date. While we are required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within six Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by the SEBI, events affecting the investors’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events may limit the Investors’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

**_76. Investors may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting on such resolution. However, if the law of the jurisdiction the investors are in, does not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our Company filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless our Company makes such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in our Company would be reduced. 

**_77. Rights of shareholders of companies under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Our Articles of Association, composition of our Board, Indian laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive and wide-spread as shareholders' rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder of our Company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

57 

# **_78. Compliance with provisions of Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act may affect payments on the Equity Shares._** 

The U.S. “Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act” (or “ **FATCA** ”) imposes a new reporting regime and potentially, imposes a 30% withholding tax on certain “foreign pass thru payments” made by certain non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries). If payments on the Equity Shares are made by such non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries), this withholding may be imposed on such payments if made to any non-U.S. financial institution (including an intermediary) that is not otherwise exempt from FATCA or other holders who do not provide sufficient identifying information to the payer, to the extent such payments are considered “foreign pass thru payments”. Under current guidance, the term “foreign pass thru payment” is not defined and it is therefore not clear whether and to what extent payments on the Equity Shares would be considered “foreign pass thru payments”. The United States has entered into intergovernmental agreements with many jurisdictions (including India) that modify the FATCA withholding regime described above. It is not yet clear how the intergovernmental agreements between the United States and these jurisdictions will address “foreign pass thru payments” and whether such agreements will require us or other financial institutions to withhold or report on payments on the Equity Shares to the extent they are treated as “foreign pass thru payments”. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the consequences of FATCA, or any intergovernmental agreement or non-U.S. legislation implementing FATCA, to their investment in Equity Shares. 

# **_79. U.S. holders should consider the impact of the passive foreign investment company rules in connection with an investment in our Equity Shares._** 

A foreign corporation will be treated as a passive foreign investment company (“ **PFIC** ”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes for any taxable year in which either: (i) at least 75% of its gross income is “passive income” or (ii) at least 50% of its gross assets during the taxable year (based on of the quarterly values of the assets during a taxable year) are “passive assets,” which generally means that they produce passive income or are held for the production of passive income. 

There can be no assurance that our Company will or will not be considered a PFIC in the current or future years. The determination of whether or not our Company is a PFIC is a factual determination that is made annually after the end of each taxable year, and there can be no assurance that our Company will not be considered a PFIC in the current taxable year or any future taxable year because, among other reasons, (i) the composition of our Company’s income and assets will vary over time, and (ii) the manner of the application of relevant rules is uncertain in several respects. Further, our Company’s PFIC status may depend on the market price of its Equity Shares, which may fluctuate considerably. 

58 

