# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in our Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares and the industry in which we currently operate or propose to operate in India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial, actually occur, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could suffer, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. To obtain a complete understanding of our Company, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Industry Overview”, “Our Business”, “Selected Statistical Information” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 87, 132, 183 and 275, respectively, as well as the financial, statistical and other information contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of our Company and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in our Equity Shares._ 

_Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Draft Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward- looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. See “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 16._ 

_Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section. Unless the context requires otherwise, the financial information of our Company has been derived from our Restated Financial Information._ 

_The industry-related information contained in this section is derived from the CRISIL Report and ICRA Report. We commissioned such reports for the purposes of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with the Offer. Neither our Company, nor any other person connected with the Offer, including the Lead Managers, have independently verified the information in such reports or other publicly available information cited in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus._ 

# **Internal Risk Factors** 

# **_Risks Relating to our Business_** 

**_1. Any disruption in our sources of funding could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The liquidity and profitability of our business depend, in large part, on our timely access to, and the costs associated with, raising funds. Our funding requirements historically have been met from various sources, including term loans and working capital facilities; proceeds from direct assignment of loans; and refinancing from the NHB to meet our capital requirements. Our business thus depends and will continue to depend on our ability to access a variety of sources of capital. 

Our ability to raise funds on acceptable terms, at competitive rates and in a timely manner, depends on various factors including our current and future results of operations and financial condition, our risk management policies, our credit ratings, our brand equity, the regulatory environment and policy initiatives in India and developments in the international markets affecting the Indian economy. We cannot assure you that our business will continue to generate sufficient cash to enable us to service our existing debt or to fund our other liquidity needs. Recently, certain NBFCs and HFCs in India have defaulted in the repayment of their borrowings, which has adversely affected the availability of funds to NBFCs and HFCs in general. Any such events in the future may lead to adverse perceptions about the housing finance sector as a whole and affect our ability to obtain financing at commercially reasonable terms. 

Further, changes in economic, regulatory and financial conditions or any lack of liquidity in the market could adversely affect our ability to access funds at competitive rates, which could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. Our ability to raise debt to meet our funding requirements is also restricted by the limits prescribed under applicable regulations. For example, the NHB Directions currently permits HFCs to borrow up to 14 times their net owned funds (“ **NOF** ”) until March 31, 2020 and after which this limit shall be further reduced to 13 times of their NOF until March 31, 2021 and subsequently to 12 times of their NOF until March 31, 2022. As of September 30, 2019, we had Total Borrowings of ₹ 22,956.31 million, which was 2.6 times our NOF of ₹ 8,893.03 million. As of March 31, 2019, March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017, our Total Borrowings /NOF were 3.7, 3.1 and 2.2, respectively. Since our Company’s 

22 

incorporation, the highest value of our Total Borrowings /NOF at any period end was 3.7 as of March 31, 2019. Consequently, if we are unable to obtain adequate financing in a timely manner and on commercially reasonable terms, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

# **_2. The risk of non-payment or default by borrowers may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We primarily serve salaried customers in the low and middle-income groups. As of September 30, 2019, 72.6% of our Gross Loan Assets were from salaried customers, while 24.6% was from self-employed customers. Our customers may default in their repayment obligations due to various reasons including loss of employment, insolvency, lack of liquidity or personal emergencies such as the death of an income generating family member. Some of our customers may not have credit histories supported by tax returns and other documents that would enable us to accurately assess their creditworthiness. We may not receive updated information regarding any change in the financial condition of our customers or may receive inaccurate or incomplete information as a result of any misrepresentation by our customers or employees. It may therefore be difficult for us to carry out precise credit risk analysis on all of our customers. Although we follow certain procedures to evaluate the credit profiles of our customers at the time of sanctioning a loan, we also rely on the value of the property provided as underlying collateral. 

Further, the self-employed customers to whom we lend are often considered to be higher credit risk customers due to their increased exposure to fluctuations in cash flows and to adverse economic conditions. To the extent we are unable to successfully manage the risks associated with lending to self-employed customers, it may become difficult for us to recover outstanding amounts of such loans. We cannot assure you that our risk management controls will be sufficient to prevent future losses on account of customer defaults, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our ability to manage the credit quality of our loans, which we measure in part through non-performing assets (“ **NPAs** ”), is a key driver of our results of operations. Our total loan portfolio has grown rapidly in the last few years, and we anticipate that the size of our loan portfolio will continue to grow in the future as we pursue our expansion strategy. We classify NPAs in accordance with the NHB Directions and applicable Ind AS rules. Defaults by our customers for a period of more than 90 days result in such loans being classified as ‘non-performing’. As of September 30, 2019 and 2018 and March 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, our Stage 3 Loan Assets were ₹ 268.36 million, ₹ 129.62 million, ₹ 170.45 million, ₹ 80.68 million and ₹ 57.24 million, respectively, while our Stage 3 Loan Assets to Gross Loan Assets was 0.9%, 0.7%, 0.7%, 0.6% and 0.7%, respectively. As of September 30, 2019 and 2018 and March 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, our Stage 3 Loan Assets (Net) were ₹ 211.79 million, ₹ 103.81 million, ₹ 128.05 million, ₹ 64.18 million and ₹ 47.71 million, respectively, while our Stage 3 Loan Assets (Net) to Net Loan Assets was 0.7%, 0.5%, 0.5%, 0.5% and 0.6%, respectively. In addition, on account of our recent growth, a significant portion of our loan portfolio is relatively new and was disbursed during the last 36 months. We believe that the risk of delinquency in housing loans typically emerges 18 to 36 months from disbursement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain or reduce our current levels of NPAs in the future. As the number of our loans that become NPAs increase, the credit quality of our loan portfolio decreases. 

Further, as our loan portfolio grows, our NPAs may increase and the current level of our provisions may not adequately cover any such increases. Negative trends or financial difficulties or general economic slowdown could unexpectedly increase delinquency rates. We cannot assure you that there will not be a significant increase in the portion of our loans that are classified as NPAs as our loan portfolio matures. 

# **_3. We are affected by volatility in interest rates for both our lending and treasury operations, which could cause our net interest income to vary and consequently affect our profitability._** 

Our results of operations depend substantially on the level of our net interest income, which is the difference between our interest income (mainly comprising interest income on loan portfolio, assigned portfolio, and interest income on investments and on deposits with banks) and our finance cost. Any change in interest rates would affect our net interest income and spreads. Any increase in our cost of funds may lead to a reduction in our spreads, or require us to increase interest rates on loans disbursed to customers in the future to maintain our spreads. For the six months ended September 30, 2019 and 2018 and the financial years 2019, 2018 and 2017, our Spread (Average yield on Loans - Principal outstanding Less Average Cost of Borrowings (excluding assignments)) was 2.2%, 2.1%, 4.7%, 4.4%, 3.3%, respectively. 

Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond our control, including the monetary policies of the RBI, deregulation of the financial sector in India, domestic and international economic and political conditions and other factors, which have historically resulted in changes in interest rates in India. Moreover, if there is an increase in the interest rates we pay on our borrowings that we are unable to pass to our customers, we may find it difficult to compete with our competitors, who may have access to low-cost funds or lower cost deposits. Further, to the extent our borrowings are linked to market interest rates, we may have to pay interest at a higher rate than lenders that borrow only 

23 

at fixed interest rates. An increase in general interest rates in the economy could also reduce the overall demand for housing finance and impact our growth. In a declining interest rate environment, if our cost of funds does not decline simultaneously or to the same extent as the yield on our interest-earning assets, it could lead to a reduction in our net interest income and net interest margin. Some of our customers may prepay their loans to take advantage of a declining interest rate environment. Similarly, an increase in interest rates could result in our customers, particularly those with variable interest rate loans, prepaying their loans if less expensive loans are available from other sources. 

Fluctuations in interest rates may also adversely affect our treasury operations. In a rising interest rate environment, especially if the rise is sudden or sharp, we could be adversely affected by the decline in the market value of our investments. In addition, while we take steps to minimize the risk of interest rate volatility, we currently do not enter into any specific interest rate hedging instruments to protect against interest rate volatility. Our inability to effectively and efficiently manage interest rate variations and our failure to pass on increased interest rates on our borrowings may cause our net interest income to decline, which would decrease our return on assets and could adversely affect our business, result of operations and financial condition. 

## **_4._** 

# **_Any downgrade in our credit ratings could increase our borrowing costs, affect our ability to obtain financing, and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The cost and availability of capital depends in part on our short-term and long-term credit ratings. Credit ratings reflect the opinions of ratings agencies on our financial strength, operating performance, strategic position and ability to meet our obligations. For details of our current credit ratings, see “ _Our Business – Credit Ratings_ ” on page 146. Any downgrade in our credit ratings could increase borrowing costs and adversely affect our access to capital and debt markets, which could in turn adversely affect our interest margins, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, any downgrade in our credit ratings below A- at any time during the currency of certain loans availed by us, may also trigger an event of default in such current loans borrowings. Further, any downgrade in our credit ratings could increase the probability that our lenders impose additional terms and conditions to any financing or refinancing arrangements we enter into in the future and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_5. We rely significantly on our information technology systems for our business and operations and any failure, inadequacy or security breach in such systems could adversely affect our business, results of operations and reputation._** 

We are a technology driven company and our business is dependent upon complex and interdependent information technology systems. We use our technology platforms to assist with functions such as lead generation and management, underwriting and risk management, collections and to perform data analytics. We have developed and use proprietary tools, cloud services, data lake and mobility applications. We have an integrated customer relationship management and loan management system. Our operations depend on our ability to process a high volume of transactions across our network of branches, which are connected through computer systems and servers to our corporate office. As part of our growth strategy, we intend to further develop and invest in our information technology systems and create an end-toend digital process. 

The size and complexity of our computer systems may make them potentially vulnerable to breakdown, system integration problems, malicious intrusion and computer viruses. Our financial, accounting, analytics or other data processing systems may fail to operate adequately, or at all, as a result of events that are beyond our control, including a disruption of electrical or communications services in markets in which we primarily operate. Our ability to operate and remain competitive will depend in part on our ability to maintain and upgrade our information technology systems on a timely and cost-effective basis. Although we have not experienced any significant disruptions to our information technology systems in the past, we cannot assure you that we will not encounter disruptions in the future. 

In addition, our systems are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches, whether by employees, who may have a lack of experience with our newer information technology systems, or others, that may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. Data security breaches could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, or could lead to the public exposure of personal information (including sensitive financial and personal information) of our customers and employees. Any such security breaches or compromises of technology systems could result in institution of legal proceedings against us and potential imposition of penalties, which may have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. 

# **_6. We may face asset-liability mismatches, which could affect our liquidity and consequently may adversely affect our operations and profitability._** 

We face potential liquidity risks because our assets and liabilities mature over different periods. Assets and liability mismatch, which represents a situation when the financial terms of an institution’s assets and liabilities do not match, is a key financial parameter for us. We carefully monitor the contractual maturity periods of our assets and liabilities 

24 

and categorize them on the basis of the number of years in which they mature. Although we had a positive asset-liability maturity profile as of September 30, 2019, we cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to maintain a favourable asset-liability position in the future. We meet a significant portion of our financing requirements through borrowings from banks, refinancing from the NHB and through proceeds from direct assignment of loans. A significant portion of our assets, such as housing loans to our customers, have maturities with longer terms than our borrowings. Any mismatch in the maturity profile of our assets and liabilities may lead to a liquidity risk and have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

# **_7. Our operations are concentrated in the states of Gujarat and Maharashtra and any adverse developments in these regions could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

Our operations are concentrated in the states of Gujarat and Maharashtra and as of September 30, 2019 and March 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, 40.5%, 40.8%, 38.0% and 33.0% of our Gross Loan Assets was from Gujarat, while 24.6%, 28.4%, 35.6% and 36.6% was from Maharashtra, respectively. As of September 30, 2019, of our 65 branches, 32 branches were located in the states of Gujarat and Maharashtra. For a comparison with our presence in other states, see “ _Our Business – Branch Network_ ” on page 139. The real estate and housing finance markets in these states may perform differently from, and may be subject to market conditions that are different from, the housing finance markets in other regions of India. Consequently, any significant social, political or economic disruption, or natural calamities or civil disruptions in these regions, or changes in the policies of the state or local governments of these regions or the Government of India, could disrupt our business operations, require us to incur significant expenditure and change our business strategies. The occurrence of, or our inability to effectively respond to any such event, could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

## **_8._** 

# **_Our inability to recover the full value of collateral, or amounts outstanding under defaulted loans in a timely manner, or at all, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We offer housing loans and other loans to customers, where the primary collateral is real estate. The value of the collateral, however, may decline during the term of the loan for a variety of reasons, including due to adverse market conditions prevalent in the real estate sector. As a result, if our customers default, we may receive less money from liquidating collateral than is owed under the relevant financing facility, and, in turn, incur losses, even where we successfully repossess and liquidate the collateral. 

Following the introduction of the SARFAESI Act in 2002 and the extension of its application to HFCs, we may now foreclose on collateral after 60 days’ notice to a borrower whose loan has been classified as non-performing. However, the actual time taken for full foreclosure generally ranges between 90 to 180 days. Further, in a case before the Supreme Court of India in 2004, while the constitutional validity of the SARFAESI Act was affirmed, the right of a defaulting borrower to appeal to the Debt Recovery Tribunal (“ **DRT** ”) was also affirmed. The DRT has the power to issue a stay order prohibiting the lender from selling the assets of a defaulted borrower. As a result, we cannot assure you that any foreclosure proceedings would not be stayed by the DRT. In addition, we may be unable to realize the full value of our collateral, as a result of factors including delays in foreclosure proceedings. Further, in case insolvency proceedings are initiated under the IBC against a debtor to our Company, we may not have complete control over the recovery of amounts due to us. Additionally, in cases where proceedings under the IBC are initiated against the builders or developers of a project where the allottees of the apartments are our borrowers and if the builder or developer fails to deliver the project, there may be a delay in recovery of amounts from such borrowers. For details, see “ _- The bankruptcy code in India may affect our rights to receiver loans from our customers_ .” on page 35. Any failure to recover the expected value of collateral security could expose us to a potential loss. 

We may also encounter difficulties in repossessing and liquidating collateral. When a customer defaults under a financing facility, we typically repossess and then sell the collateral through an auction. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully repossess the collateral in the event of default under a loan agreement. We may also face challenges in title verification of the collateral provided by the customer, as there is no central land registry in India and title to the property can be disputed, including on account of local land records not being duly updated, or not being maintained in a legible manner, or only being available in the local vernacular languages, as well as on account of actual or alleged short payment of stamp duty or registration fees (which may render the title documents inadmissible in evidence, unless stamped prior to enforcement with payment of requisite penalties). Moreover, we may also not be able to sell the collateral at a price sufficient to cover the amount owed under the financing facility, or at all. We may face additional delay and expense in conducting an auction to sell the collateral and may face significant delay in repossessing collateral, as litigation against defaulting customers, even if governed by an arbitration clause, can be slow and expensive in India. In the event of any inability or delay in the repossession and liquidation of the collateral securing loans in default, we may incur losses, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

25 

# **_9. We have experienced significant growth in recent years and we may not be able to sustain our growth or manage it effectively._** 

We have experienced considerable growth in recent years and we have significantly expanded our operations and branch network. Our total income grew from ₹ 915.78 million for the financial year 2017 to ₹ 2,709.21 million for financial year 2019 and was ₹ 1,937.73 million for the six months ended September 30, 2019, while our profit after tax grew from ₹ 66.77 million for the financial year 2017 to ₹ 452.04 million for the financial year 2019 and was ₹ 367.41 million for the six months ended September 30, 2019. Our Gross Loan Assets grew from ₹ 8,473.16 million as of March 31, 2017 to ₹ 31,133.76 million as of September 30, 2019 and the number of our branches has grown from 36 to 65 during the same period. However, we cannot assure you that our growth strategy will continue to be successful or that we will be able to continue to grow further, or at the same rate. 

Our inability to manage our expansion effectively and execute our growth strategy in a timely manner, or within budget estimates could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We intend to continue expansion to pursue existing and potential market opportunities and increase the number of our branches to 90 by the end of the financial year 2021. Our ability to execute our growth strategies will depend, among other things, on our ability to identify key target markets correctly, manage our pricing to compete effectively, and scale up and grow our network efficiently. We will also need to manage relationships with a greater number of customers, service providers, lenders and other parties as we expand. 

In order to manage our growth effectively, we must implement, upgrade and improve our operational systems, processes, procedures and controls on a timely basis. If we fail to implement these systems, processes, procedures and controls on a timely basis, we may not be able to meet our customers’ needs, hire and retain new employees or operate our business effectively. Our ability to sustain our rate of growth also depends significantly upon our ability to select and retain key managerial personnel, maintaining effective risk management policies and training managerial personnel to address emerging challenges. Further, a number of external factors beyond our control could also affect our ability to continue to grow our business and loan portfolio, such as demand for housing loans in India, domestic economic growth, the RBI’s monetary and regulatory policies, NHB / RBI regulations, inflation, competition and availability of cost-effective debt and equity capital. 

Further, we may also require additional regulatory approvals to expand to other lines of business, which we may not receive in a timely manner, or at all. For example, in January 2015 we had applied to the RBI for a license to operate as a small finance bank. However, our application did not qualify to receive such license. 

We cannot assure you that our existing or future management, operational and financial systems, processes, procedures and controls will be adequate to support future operations, or establish or develop business relationships beneficial to future operations. Failure to manage growth effectively could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

# **_10. The Indian housing finance industry is highly competitive and our inability to compete effectively could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

The housing finance industry in India is highly competitive and we compete with banks, other HFCs, small finance banks and NBFCs in each of the geographies in which we operate. Our competitors may have more resources, a wider branch and distribution network, access to cheaper funding, superior technology and may have a better understanding of and relationships with customers in these markets. This may make it easier for competitors to expand and to achieve economies of scale to a greater extent. In addition, our competitors may be able to rely on the reach of the retail presence of their affiliated group companies or banks. Competition in this market segment has also increased as a result of interest rate deregulation and other liberalization measures affecting the housing finance industry in India and we expect competition to intensify in the future. 

Our ability to compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to maintain or increase our margins. Our margins are affected in part by our ability to continue to secure low-cost capital, and charge optimum interest rates at which we lend to our customers. Consequently, our ability to maintain or increase our margins will be dependent on our ability to pass on increases in the interest rates on our interest-bearing liabilities to our customers. Moreover, any increases in the interest rates on the loans we extend may also result in a decrease in business. We cannot assure you that we will be able to react effectively to these or other market developments or compete effectively with new and existing players in the increasingly competitive housing finance industry. If we are unable to compete effectively, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

26 

# **_11. Our inability to meet our obligations, including financial and other covenants under our debt financing arrangements could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

As of September 30, 2019, our Total Borrowings were ₹ 22,956.31 million. Our ability to meet our debt service obligations and repay our outstanding borrowings will depend primarily on the cash generated by our business. Our financing agreements contain certain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to undertake certain types of transactions, any of which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. We are required to obtain prior approval from our lenders for, among other things: 

- effecting any change in the ownership or control of our Company; 

- effecting any change in the capital structure of our Company or any amendments to our Memorandum of Association or Articles of Association; 

- effecting changes in the shareholding pattern of the Company, including shareholding of the promoters, directors; 

- entering into any schemes of mergers, amalgamations, compromise or reconstruction; 

- undertaking any guarantee obligation on behalf of any other person; 

- declaring and paying dividend in the event our Company defaults or delays in debt repayment of any of the lenders or upon the occurrence of any event of default; 

- utilization of funds for any other purpose other than for which approval has been granted or agreed to be granted; 

- undertaking any activity other than activities indicated in the objects clause of the Memorandum of Association; 

- approaching capital market for mobilizing additional resources either in the form of debt or equity; 

- changing the substantial nature of the business of our Company; and 

- effecting any change in management and operating structure of our Company. 

Under these agreements, certain lenders also require us to maintain certain financial ratios such as asset coverage ratio, security cover ratio, interest coverage ratio and debt service coverage ratio. Some of our financing agreements also contain cross-default and cross-acceleration clauses, which are triggered in the event of default by our Company under the respective financing agreements. Our failure to meet our obligations under our financing agreements could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, under certain agreements in relation to the refinancing availed from the NHB, we are required to submit an undertaking from the shareholders who hold 20% or more of the Equity Share capital to the effect that any dilution of 10% or more, requires prior approval from the NHB. In terms of such requirement, our Promoters and Bessemer have provided such undertakings to the NHB. Further, under certain agreements in relation to the refinancing availed by us from the NHB, P.S. Jayakumar, one of the Selling Shareholders and one of our initial founders, is required to obtain approval of the NHB for any change in his shareholding in the Company. While our Company and such entities and individual have applied and received such approvals from the NHB (“ **NHB Approvals** ”), in connection with the Offer, such approvals are subject to the approval of the RBI. 

Our future borrowings may also contain similar restrictive provisions. If we fail to meet our debt service obligations or covenants provided under the financing agreements, the relevant lenders could declare us to be in default under the terms of our agreements or accelerate the maturity of our obligations. We cannot assure you that, in the event of any such acceleration, we will have sufficient resources to repay the borrowings. 

# **_12. Any failure or significant weakness of our internal processes or systems could cause operational errors or incidents of fraud, which would adversely affect our business, profitability and reputation._** 

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal measures commensurate with the size and complexity of operations. Our internal audit functions make an evaluation of the adequacy and effectiveness of internal systems on an ongoing basis so that business units adhere to our policies, compliance requirements and internal guidelines. While we periodically test and update our internal processes and systems, we are exposed to operational 

27 

risks arising from the potential inadequacy or failure of internal processes or systems, and our actions may not be sufficient to ensure effective internal checks and balances in all circumstances. 

Our management information systems and internal procedures that are designed to monitor our operations and overall compliance may not identify every instance of non-compliance or every suspicious transaction. If internal system or process weaknesses are identified, our actions may not be sufficient to correct such weakness. Failures or material errors in our internal systems may lead to deal errors, pricing errors, inaccurate financial reporting, fraud and failure of critical systems and infrastructure. Such instances may also adversely affect our reputation, business and results of operations. Further, the NHB has, during previous inspections suggested certain improvements to our internal audit and control procedures. We cannot assure you that that we would be able to prevent frauds in the future or that our existing internal mechanisms to detect or prevent fraud will be sufficient. Any fraud discovered in the future may have an adverse effect on our business, profitability and reputation. 

# **_13. Our inability to expand our business into new regions and markets in India could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

As part of our growth strategy, we continue to evaluate opportunities to expand our business into new markets in India. Factors such as competition, customer requirements, regulatory regimes, business practices and customs in these new markets may differ from those in our existing markets, and our experience in our existing markets may not be applicable to these new markets. In addition, as we enter new markets and geographical regions, we are likely to compete with not only other banks and financial institutions but also the local unorganized or semi-organized private financiers, who may be more familiar with local regulations, business practices and customs, and may have stronger relationships with target customers. 

As we plan to expand our geographic footprint, we may be exposed to additional challenges, including identifying and collaborating with local business partners with whom we may have no previous business relations, obtaining necessary governmental approvals, successfully marketing our brand and products in markets in which we have no familiarity; attracting customers in a market in which we do not have significant experience or visibility; being subject to additional local taxes; attracting and retaining new employees; expanding our technological infrastructure; maintaining standardized systems and procedures; and adapting our marketing strategy and operations to new markets in India in which different languages are spoken. For instance, a number of states in India such as Gujarat, Maharashtra and Karnataka, have enacted laws to regulate money-lending transactions and there are civil and criminal penalties prescribed for non-compliance with the relevant money lending statutes. These laws also establish a maximum rate of interest that can be charged to customers. There is however, ambiguity on whether HFCs and NBFCs are required to comply with provisions of these state money-lending laws. If it is judicially determined or clarified by relevant authorities that such statutes apply to HFCs, our business in such states could be affected. To address these challenges, we may have to make significant investments that may not yield desired results or incur costs that we may not be able to recover. Our inability to expand our current operations or the sub-optimal performance of our new branches may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

## **_14._** 

# **_Our inability to maintain our capital adequacy ratio could adversely affect our business._** 

The NHB Directions currently require HFCs to comply with a capital to risk (weighted) assets ratio, or capital adequacy ratio (“ **CRAR** ”), consisting of Tier I and Tier II capital. As per the NHB Directions, we are required to maintain a minimum capital adequacy ratio, consisting of Tier I capital and Tier II capital. Regulation 30 of the NHB Directions currently requires all HFCs to comply with a CRAR, consisting of Tier I and Tier II capital, of not less than 13.0% of its aggregate risk weighted assets and of risk adjusted value of off-balance sheet items, on or before March 31, 2020, 14% on or before March 31, 2021 and 15% on or before March 31, 2022 and thereafter. At a minimum, Tier I capital of an HFC, at any point of time, cannot be less than 10%. Further, we are required to ensure that the total Tier II capital at any point of time, should not exceed 100% of Tier – I capital. For details, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies in India_ ” on page 151. As of September 30, 2019, our CRAR was 47.6%, with Tier I capital comprising 46.8% and Tier II capital comprising 0.7%. As we continue to grow our loan portfolio and asset base we will be required to raise additional Tier I and Tier II capital in order to remain in compliance with the applicable capital adequacy ratios. Further, the NHB may increase its current CRAR requirements, which may require us to raise additional capital. We cannot assure you that we will be able to raise adequate additional capital in the future on terms favorable to us, or at all, which may adversely affect the growth of our business. 

# **_15. Our Auditor’s reports on financial statements for Financial Year 2018 and Financial Year 2019 include certain matters required under the Companies (Auditors Report) Order, 2016 (“CARO”)._** 

Our Auditor’s reports on the financial statements for Financial Year 2018 and Financial Year 2019 include certain matters as required under the CARO, in terms of Section 143(11) of the Companies Act, 2013. For instance, the Auditor’s reports identify matters such as undisputed amounts of ₹ 0.18 million due outstanding for more than six months, including an amount of ₹ 0.14 million being outstanding towards payments of professional tax as of March 31, 

28 

2019) and significant delays in deposit of statutory dues. There can be no assurance that our Auditor’s observations for any future fiscal periods will not contain such matters, prescribed under CARO, or that such matters will not otherwise affect our results of operations in such future periods. 

# **_16. Non-compliance with the NHB’s or RBI’s observations made pursuant to its periodic inspections and violations of regulations prescribed by the NHB or RBI, could expose us to certain penalties and restrictions._** 

Prior to the notification of the NHB Act Amendments, we were subject to periodic inspection by the NHB under the NHB Act, 1987 (the “ **NHB Act** ”), pursuant to which the NHB inspected our books of accounts and other records for the purpose of verifying the correctness or completeness of any statement, information or particulars furnished to the NHB or for obtaining any information, which we may have failed to furnish when called upon to do so. However, pursuant to the NHB Act Amendments, the RBI will also have the power to conduct such inspections, in addition to the NHB. In its past inspection reports, the NHB has identified certain non-compliances with the policy circulars and guidelines issued by NHB, and has also observed certain shortcomings and inadequacies in some of our policies, our KYC compliance and audit systems. 

NHB has issued its inspection report for the financial year 2018, identifying certain deficiencies and observations, including incorrect inclusion of provisions for NPAs in the computation of Tier-II capital; short provisioning being observed in case of individual housing loans, reporting of incorrect capital adequacy ratio due to factors including wrong risk weight assignment, pending adoption of the national disaster management guidelines issued by the NHB in our loan policies, shortcomings in the credit policy, ALM policy and the investment policy adopted by us, certain noncompliances with our internal policies, inadequate scope of internal audit, certain limitations in generating reports on customized parameters with the software we use and failure to obtain independent valuation reports for project loans. We have noted the observations, to the extent applicable, and furnished our responses and confirmed that we will ensure compliance. We are currently in the process of addressing the limitations in generation of reports on customized parameters with the software we use. 

Further, in the event the NHB or RBI finds that our Company is in violation of regulations prescribed them, we may be subject to penalties or investigations. For instance, the NHB has issued a show cause notice to us on January 6, 2015, in relation to submission of annual returns in the form prescribed under the NHB Directions. Our Company has replied to this notice on January 12, 2015, providing certain clarifications, requesting the NHB for condonation of error and ensuring compliances in the future. No further action has been taken in relation to the show cause notice as on the date of this draft red herring prospectus. For details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 298. Further, the NHB has issued a show cause notice to us on June 26, 2019, in relation to non-compliance with provisions of paragraph 2(1)(zg) and paragraph 30 of the NHB Directions in relation to incorrect inclusion of provisions for NPAs in the computation of Tier-II capital and wrong risk weight assignment, respectively. We replied to this notice on July 4, 2019, providing certain clarifications, requesting the NHB for condonation of error and ensuring compliances in the future. However, NHB did not accept our submissions and levied a penalty of ₹ 0.01 million by its letter dated July 30, 2019. The penalty has been duly paid and acknowledged by the NHB. For details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 298. 

While we seek to comply with all regulatory provisions applicable to us, in the event we are unable to comply with the NHB’s or RBI’s directions at any time in the future, we could be subject to penalties and restrictions imposed by the NHB or RBI. Imposition of any future penalty or adverse findings by the NHB or RBI, requiring corrective steps entailing a compliance cost for us, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation. 

# **_17. We may not be able to identify, monitor and manage risks or effectively implement our risk management policies._** 

The effectiveness of our risk management is affected by the quality and timeliness of available data. We have devoted resources to develop our risk management policies and procedures and aim to continue to do so in the future. We have policies and procedures in place to measure, manage and control the various risks to which we are exposed, which include our asset-liability management policy, credit policy, corporate governance policy, whistle blower policy, investment policy, recovery and collections policy, and KYC and anti-money laundering policy. Our Board of Directors and the Risk Management Committee review our risk management policies from time to time. We also depend on our information technology systems to assist us with our risk management functions. 

However, our policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage risks may not be fully effective. For instance, the NHB, during its inspection, had observed that the scope of the internal audit required improvement in establishing oversight on operational risk areas like outsourcing agencies, head office functions, business and risk involvement, business continuity planning preparedness, specifying time frame for compliance and closure processes. Some of our risk management processes may not be automated and subject to human error. Some of our methods of managing risks are based on the use of observed historical market behaviour and may not accurately predict future risk exposures, which could be significantly greater than those indicated by the historical measures. In addition, as we seek to expand 

29 

the scope of our operations, we also face the risk of inability to develop commensurate risk management policies and procedures. Other risk management methods depend upon an evaluation of information regarding the markets we operate in, the customers we service and certain other matters, which may not be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated in all cases. Management of operational, legal or regulatory risks requires, among other things, policies and procedures to properly record and verify a number of transactions and events. Although we have established these policies and procedures, they may not be fully effective. 

Our earnings are dependent upon the effectiveness of our management of changes in credit quality and risk concentrations, the accuracy of our valuation models and our critical accounting estimates and the adequacy of our allowances for loan losses. To the extent our assessments, assumptions or estimates prove inaccurate or not predictive of actual results, we could suffer higher than anticipated losses. If we fail to effectively implement our risk management policies, it could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_18. Any deterioration in the performance of any pool of receivables assigned to banks and other institutions may adversely impact our financial performance._** 

We assign a portion of our receivables from our loan portfolio to banks and other financial institutions. Such direct assignment transactions are undertaken by us on the basis of our internal estimates of funding requirements, and may vary from time to time. During the six months ended September 30, 2019 and 2018 and the financial years 2019, 2018 and 2017, we had assigned assets worth ₹ 4,746.42 million, ₹ 674.05 million, ₹ 2,920.65 million, ₹ 374.62 million and ₹ 542.41 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2019 and 2018 and March 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, our receivables assigned expressed as a percentage of our Gross Loan Assets were 15.2%, 3.5%, 12.0%, 2.8% and 6.4%, respectively. Any change in RBI or other government regulations in relation to assignments/securitizations by HFCs could have an adverse impact on our assignment/securitization program. In the event the bank or financial institution does not realize the receivables due under loans that have been assigned, the relevant bank or institution can enforce the underlying credit enhancements provided by our Company. Should the assignee banks or any other financial institutions seek to enforce the underlying credit enhancements such as bank guarantees and fixed deposits, which are provided up to a specified percentage of the underlying loans, it could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_19. The Indian housing finance industry is extensively regulated and any changes in laws and regulations applicable to HFCs could have an adverse effect on our business._** 

We are subject to the corporate, taxation and other laws in effect in India and the states in which we operate, which require continuous monitoring and compliance. These regulations, apart from regulating the manner in which a company carries out its business and internal operations, prescribe various periodical compliances and filings, including but not limited to filing of forms and declarations with the relevant registrar of companies, the NHB and other relevant authorities. Pursuant to the NHB Act and various regulations, circulars and guidelines issued by the NHB, HFCs are currently required to comply with, among others, limits on borrowings, investments, interest rates and tenure on public deposits, prudential norms for income recognition, asset classification and provisioning for standard and nonperforming assets, norms for creation of special reserves as well as minimum capital adequacy and liquidity requirements. The regulations applicable to us also address issues such as our conduct with customers and recovery practices, market conduct and foreign investment. 

The laws and regulations governing the housing finance industry in India have become increasingly complex and cover a wide variety of issues. Compliance with many of the regulations applicable to our operations in India, including any restrictions on investments and other activities currently being carried out by us, involves a number of risks, particularly in markets where applicable regulations may be subject to varying interpretations. 

Further, the NHB Act Amendments have come into force on August 9, 2019. Pursuant to the NHB Act Amendments, amongst others, (i) HFCs are required to apply to the RBI for registration under the NHB Act, in place of NHB; (ii) the RBI has the power to determine the percentage of assets to be maintained in terms of its investments and its reserve fund to be maintained; (iii) the RBI has the power to determine policy and issue instructions in relation to housing finance institutions; and (iv) the RBI has the power to regulate by specifying conditions or prohibit the issue by any HFC which is a company of any prospectus or advertisement soliciting deposits of money from the public. The NHB Act Amendments also provide for certain powers to be exercised by the RBI concurrently with the NHB, such as the power to conduct inspections and request for documents from the HFCs. Further, pursuant to the notification of the RBI dated November 19, 2019 and the amendments to the ‘Master Directions - Exemptions from the RBI Act, 1934’ issued by the RBI on November 11, 2019, certain existing exemptions available to HFCs under the RBI Act have been withdrawn and accordingly HFCs shall also be subject to regulation and directions of the RBI. Accordingly, there may be further scrutiny and instructions from the RBI in relation to the regulation of HFCs. If we fail to comply with such requirements, we may be subject to penalties or compounding proceedings. 

30 

Further, pursuant to recent notification dated November 18, 2019 issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, certain prescribed non-banking finance companies (which include HFCs) with asset size of ₹ 500 crore or more, as per last audited balance sheet have been notified as a category of financial service providers (“ **Notified FSPs** ”). The Ministry of Corporate Affairs has also issued the Insolvency and Bankruptcy (Insolvency and Liquidation Proceedings of Financial Service Providers and Application to Adjudicating Authority) Rules, 2019, in terms of which the RBI may initiate insolvency and liquidation proceedings under the IBC against Notified FSPs (which includes our Company) for a ‘default’ in terms of the IBC. 

If the interpretation of the regulators and authorities varies from our interpretation, we may be subject to penalties and our business could be adversely affected. Moreover, these laws and regulations can be amended, supplemented or changed at any time such that we may be required to restructure our business and activities and incur additional expenses to comply with such laws and regulations, which could adversely affect our business. 

Additionally, we are required to make several filings with the NHB, RBI, the RoC and other relevant authorities pursuant to the provisions of NHB regulations, the Companies Act and other regulations. We may have made inadvertent errors in certain filings with such authorities which could attract penalties. If we fail to comply with these requirements, or a regulator claims we have not complied with these requirements, we may be subject to penalties and compounding proceedings. For further information on laws and regulations applicable to us, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies in India_ ” on page 151. 

# **_20. We require certain statutory and regulatory approvals for conducting our business and our inability to obtain, retain or renew them in a timely manner, or at all, may adversely affect our operations._** 

Our operations are subject to extensive government regulation and we are required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory permits and approvals under central, state and local government rules in India, generally for carrying out our business. We have also applied to the RBI to obtain their approval in connection with the Offer. However, as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, we have not received their approval. For further details, see “ _Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures_ ” on page 303. 

Further, while we have obtained a number of approvals required for our operations, certain approvals for which we have submitted applications are currently pending. Further, we have made an application before NHB on June 11, 2018 for a fresh certificate of registration upon conversion to a public limited company, which is currently pending with NHB. In addition to the above, renewal applications for certain other approvals, including professional tax enrolment and registration certificates have been made to the relevant revenue authorities in relation to certain of our branch offices. Further, applications for shops and establishments registrations in relation to certain of our branch offices are yet to be made or yet to be received. We are also in the process of applying for the renewal of certain approvals that have expired. For further details, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 301. In addition, we may apply for more approvals, including the renewal of approvals, which may expire from time to time, and approvals in the ordinary course of business. 

A majority of these approvals are granted for a limited duration and are subject to numerous conditions. We cannot assure you that these approvals would not be suspended or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged noncompliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations, or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business. 

# **_21. We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information provided by our customers and certain third party service providers and our reliance on any misleading information may affect our judgment of their credit worthiness, as well as the value of and title to the collateral._** 

While deciding whether to extend credit to customers, we rely, to a significant extent, on the information furnished to us by the customers for certain key elements of the credit assessment process, including their financial transactions and credit history. We follow the Know Your Customer guidelines prescribed by the NHB for potential customers, verify their place of employment and residence, as applicable, and verify details with the NHB’s caution list. We may also rely on certain representations from customers as to the accuracy and completeness of that information. For ascertaining the creditworthiness and encumbrances on the collateral provided, we may depend on the respective registrars and subregistrars of assurances, local legal agencies and lawyers, credit information companies or credit bureaus, and on independent valuers in relation to the value of the collateral. Our reliance on any misleading information may affect our judgement of credit worthiness of potential customers, and the value of and title to the collateral. Our risk management measures may not be adequate to prevent or deter such activities in all cases, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

31 

Further, we target first time home buyers and such customers may not have credit histories supported by tax returns and other documents that would enable us to accurately assess their creditworthiness. We may also not receive updated information regarding any change in the financial condition of our customers or may receive inaccurate or incomplete information as a result of any fraudulent misrepresentation by our customers or employees. Moreover, the availability of accurate and comprehensive credit information on retail customers in India is more limited than for larger corporate customers, which reduces our ability to accurately assess the credit risk associated with such lending. Although as part of our credit policy, we conduct credit checks of all our customers, including with credit bureaus, conduct site-visits and personal discussions, we cannot assure you that such credit information will be accurate or comprehensive. Difficulties in assessing credit risks associated with our day-to-day lending operations may lead to an increase in the level of our non- performing assets, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

# **_22. Significant changes by the Government, the RBI or the NHB in their policy initiatives facilitating the provision of housing and housing finance or any change in the tax incentives that the Government currently provides to HFCs may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The Government of India provides certain incentives to encourage providing credit to the housing industry and has implemented policies, particularly in relation to affordable housing, that are aimed at providing low-cost, long-term credit to the low and middle income segments in India. The NHB provides re-finance for certain qualifying loans at reduced rates to certain qualifying HFCs through its schemes. In addition, the RBI provides certain incentives to the housing finance industry by extending priority sector status to housing loans. Certain key measures taken by the RBI to assist in fulfilling the Government’s objectives include the reduction in risk weights applicable for affordable housing loans for the purpose of calculation of CRAR and allowing HFCs to raise long-term ECBs for on-lending towards affordable housing, which the RBI defines as housing loans with a size of up to ₹ 2.50 million. However, we cannot assure you that the Government, the RBI and the NHB will continue to provide such incentives in the future. 

The Government had introduced the Credit Linked Subsidy Scheme (“ **CLSS** ”) of the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (“ **PMAY** ”) – Housing for All (Urban) which aims at expanding institutional credit flow to the housing needs of the urban poor, by providing credit-linked subsidy on home loans taken by eligible urban poor for acquisition or construction of houses. Individuals belonging to the economically weaker sections (“ **EWS** ”) and the low income group (“ **LIG** ”) seeking housing loans from primary lending institutions (“ **PLIs** ”), including banks and HFCs, are eligible to avail benefits under the scheme. 

Further, pursuant to Section 36(1)(viii) of the (Indian) Income Tax Act, 1961 (the “ **Income Tax Act** ”), up to 20.00% of profits from housing finance activities may be carried to a special reserve and will not be subject to income tax. The balance of our special reserve as of September 30, 2019 was ₹ 254.19 million. In addition, home buyers receive tax incentives on home loans for principal and interest payment of home loans, which has improved affordability levels of borrowers. Principal repayment qualifies for tax deduction under section 80C of the Income Tax Act, 1961. However, we cannot assure you that the Government will continue to make such benefits available to HFCs or home buyers. 

Any significant change by the Government in its various policy initiatives facilitating provision of housing and housing finance or any change in the tax incentives that it currently provides to HFCs and homebuyers may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_23. We utilize the services of certain third parties for our operations and any interruption or deficiency in their services could have an adverse effect on our business._** 

We utilize the services of third parties from time to time in various aspects of our operations such as sourcing of customers, valuation of collateral and legal services. We generate customer leads from connectors who are generally individuals such as insurance agents, tax practitioners and local shopkeepers. For the six months ended September 30, 2019 and the financial year 2019, we sanctioned 6,093 and 9,555 loans on account of leads generated through 1,431 and 1,331 connectors, respectively. However, our arrangements with connectors are on a non-exclusive basis and they may work for our competitors in the future, which may adversely affect our ability to increase our customer base. We also engage with local property valuers and legal advisors in the regions in which we operate. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in continuing to receive uninterrupted and quality services from our third party service providers. Any disruption, negligence, fraud or inefficiency in the services provided by our third party service providers could adversely affect our business and reputation. 

# **_24. We are exposed to risks that may arise if our customers opt for balance transfers to other banks or financial institutions, or if customers face increased difficulties in refinancing their existing housing loans from other banks and financial institutions to our Company._** 

We offer our customers variable interest rate loans which are linked to our reference rate. Based on market conditions, we price our loans at either a discount or a premium to our reference rate, which is determined primarily on the basis of our cost of borrowings. Customers with variable interest rates on their loans are exposed to increased equated monthly 

32 

instalments (“ **EMIs** ”) when the loans’ interest rate adjusts upward, to the rate computed in accordance with the applicable index and margin. Such customers typically seek to refinance their loans through balance transfer to other banks and financial institutions, to avoid increased EMIs that may result from an upwards adjustment of the loans’ interest rate. While refinancing of loans by other lenders could in certain circumstances be beneficial for our customers, it results in a loss of interest income expected from such loans over the course of their tenure. In addition, all housing finance providers in India are prohibited from charging pre-payment penalties on loans with variable interest rates, which has led to a high incidence of balance transfer, which results in a high turnover of loan assets between lenders, causing lenders to incur increased origination costs. In addition, increased difficulties for customers in refinancing their existing housing loan from another bank or financial institution, may also adversely affect our balance transfer loan originations. As competition in the housing finance sector intensifies, some of our customers with variable interest rate loans may not be able to find balance transfer options at comparably lower interest rates or other financing alternatives. As a result, they may be exposed to the risks associated with increases in EMIs, which may lead to increased delinquency or default rates. Increased delinquency rates may also result in deterioration in credit quality of our loan portfolio, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

## **_25._** 

# **_Our Company, our Promoters and our Directors are involved in certain legal and other proceedings. Any adverse outcome in such proceedings may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

In the ordinary course of business, our Company is involved in certain legal proceedings, which are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and statutory, regulatory and other judicial authorities in India, and, if determined adversely, could materially adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. We can give no assurance that these legal proceedings will be decided favorably or that any further liability may arise from these claims in the future. 

The summary of outstanding matters set out below includes details of criminal proceedings, tax proceedings, statutory and regulatory actions and other material pending litigation involving our Company. According to the Materiality Policy, any outstanding litigation, other than criminal proceedings, statutory or regulatory actions and taxation matters, is considered material if the monetary amount of claim by or against the entity or person in any such pending matter is in excess of ₹ 4.52 million or if an adverse outcome of any such litigation could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, operations, financial position or reputation. 

|**Types of Proceedings**|**Number of Cases**|**Amount (in ₹ million)***|
|---|---|---|
|**_Litigation filed against our Company_**|||
|Actions bystatutoryor regulatoryauthorities|2|0.01|
|Indirect taxproceedings|1|5.38|
|**_Litigation filed by our Company_**|||
|Criminalproceedings|11|4.63|
|**Total**|14|10.02|
|**_Litigation filed against our Directors_**|||
|Criminalproceedings|1|-|
|Actions bystatutoryor regulatoryauthorities|3|0.1|
|**Total**|4|0.1|



_* To the extent quantifiable._ 

Further, in the past, certain complaints have been sent to NHB and our credit rating agencies and certain queries have been sent by the lenders in relation to our business. We have satisfactorily responded to and clarified these matters with such agencies. We cannot assure you that such matters will not occur in the future and cause volatility in the price of our Equity Shares. 

Involvement in such proceedings could divert our management’s time and attention and consume financial resources. Further, an adverse judgment in these proceedings could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. For details, in relation to the proceedings involving our Company and Directors, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 298. 

We cannot assure you that any of the outstanding material litigation matters will be settled in our favour or in favour of our Company, Directors or Promoters, as applicable, or that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. 

# **_26. We are dependent on a number of Key Managerial Personnel and our senior management, and the loss of, or our inability to attract or retain such persons could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our performance depends largely on the efforts and abilities of our Key Managerial Personnel, senior management, and our operational personnel. We believe that the inputs and experience of our senior management are valuable for the 

33 

development of our business, operations and the strategic directions taken by our Company. Further, our underwriting team currently comprises only four personnel and certain applications and software that we use are developed in-house by our employees. We cannot assure you that these individuals or any other member of our senior management team will not leave us or join a competitor or that we will be able to retain such personnel or find adequate replacements in a timely manner, or at all. We may require a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when qualified personnel terminate their employment with our Company. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting employees that our business requires. The NHB during its previous inspections has highlighted the need for our Company to put in place necessary succession planning for the senior executives and second level functionaries. The loss of, or inability to attract or retain such persons may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_27. Our operations could be adversely affected by strikes or increased wage demands by our employees or any other kind of disputes with our employees._** 

As of September 30, 2019, we employed 738 personnel across our operations. Although we have not experienced any material employee unrest in the past, we cannot assure you that we will not experience disruptions in work due to disputes or other problems with our work force, which may adversely affect our ability to continue our business operations. Any employee unrest directed against us, could directly or indirectly prevent or hinder our normal operating activities, and, if not resolved in a timely manner, could lead to disruptions in our operations. These actions are impossible for us to predict or control and any such event could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_28. Our Promoters may not have adequate experience in the business activities undertaken by our Company._** 

While our Company, including our operations, is managed by professionals, TN V LLP is primarily engaged in the business of making investments and is registered with SEBI as a Category II Alternative Investment Fund, while Aether is primarily engaged in the business of investing in Indian companies through the FDI route. Due to the nature of their core business activities, our Promoters may not have adequate experience in the business activities undertaken by our Company. For details, see “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group_ ” on page 176. 

# **_29. We propose to utilize the Net Proceeds of the Fresh Issue to maintain the minimum capital adequacy ratio and to meet future capital requirements arising out of the growth in our business and not for any specified projects._** 

The Net Proceeds of the Fresh Issue will be utilised to increase our Company’s Tier I capital base to maintain the minimum capital adequacy ratio in accordance with Regulation 30 of the NHB Directions and to meet our future capital requirements which are expected to arise out of growth of our business and assets, primarily our housing loans and other loans, and to ensure compliance with the NHB Directions. Consequently, we will not be using the Net Proceeds for any specified projects. For details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 76. 

# **_30. Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or may not adequately protect us against all material hazards, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We believe that the insurance coverage we maintain is reasonably adequate to cover the normal risks associated with the operation of our businesses. Even if we have insurance for the incident giving rise to the loss, we may be required to pay a significant deductible on any claim for recovery of such a loss, or the amount of the loss may exceed our coverage for the loss. However, we cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honored fully, in part or on time, or that we have obtained sufficient insurance to cover all potential losses. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, or at acceptable cost, or at all. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage, or successful assertion of one or more large claims against us for events for which we are not insured, or for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, or which is not covered by insurance, exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

# **_31. We conduct our business operations on leased premises, including our Registered and Corporate Office, and our inability to renew such leases may adversely affect our operations._** 

As of September 30, 2019, we conducted our operations through 65 branches, of which 40 have been taken on a lease and 25 have been taken on leave and license basis. The leave and license agreements in relation to our Registered and Corporate Office, read with the addendums thereto, are valid until April 30, 2021. Any adverse impact on the title of the owners from whose premises we operate, breach of the contractual terms of any agreements, or if any of the owners of these premises do not renew the agreements under which we occupy the premises, or if they seek to renew such agreements on terms and conditions unfavourable to us, or if they terminate our agreements, we may suffer a disruption 

34 

in our operations and will have to look for alternate premises. We may be unable to relocate our offices in a timely manner or at an acceptable cost, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

# **_32. Fluctuations in the market values of our investments could adversely affect our result of operations and financial condition._** 

As part of our treasury management, we have formulated a board-approved investment policy in accordance with the NHB Directions. Our investment policy prescribes permissible investment assets such as mutual funds, fixed deposits, non-convertible debentures, subject to restrictions prescribed by our internal policies. The value of these investments depends on several factors beyond our control, including the domestic and international economic and political scenario, inflationary expectations and monetary policies. Any decline in the value of these investments may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_33. The bankruptcy code in India may affect our rights to recover loans from our customers._** 

The Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (“ **IBC** ”) was notified on August 5, 2016. The IBC offers a uniform and comprehensive insolvency legislation encompassing all companies, partnerships and individuals (other than financial firms). It allows creditors to assess the viability of a debtor as a business decision, and agree upon a plan for its revival or a speedy liquidation. The IBC creates a new institutional framework, consisting of a regulator, insolvency professionals, information utilities and adjudicatory mechanisms, which will facilitate a formal and time-bound insolvency resolution and liquidation process. 

In case insolvency proceedings are initiated against a debtor to our Company or a debtor files for voluntary insolvency, we may not have complete control over the recovery of amounts due to us. Under the IBC, upon invocation of an insolvency resolution process, a committee of creditors is constituted by the interim resolution professional, wherein each financial creditor is given a voting share proportionate to the debts owed to it. Any decision of the committee of creditors must be taken by a vote of not less than 75% of the voting share of all financial creditors. Any resolution plan approved by committee of creditors is binding upon all creditors, even if they vote against it. 

In case a liquidation process is opted for, the IBC provides for a fixed order of priority in which proceeds from the sale of the debtor’s assets are to be distributed. Before sale proceeds are distributed to a secured creditor, they are to be distributed for the costs of the insolvency resolution and liquidation processes and debts owed to workmen and other employees. Further, under this process, dues owed to the Central and State Governments rank below the claims of secured creditors, workmen and other employee dues and unsecured financial creditors. Further, pursuant to an amendment to the IBC, allottees in a real estate project are considered on par with financial creditors. Specifically, in relation to cases where we have extended construction finance to developers or builders for specific projects, allottees in such real estate projects will be considered on par with our Company in terms of priority of repayment. Moreover, other secured creditors may decide to opt out of the process, in which case they are permitted to realize their security interests in priority. Additionally, in cases where proceedings under the IBC are initiated against the builders or developers of project where the allottees of the apartments are our borrowers and if the builder or developer fails to deliver the project, there may be delay in recovery of amounts from such borrowers. 

Accordingly, if the provisions of the IBC are invoked against any of the borrowers of our Company, it may affect our Company’s ability to recover our loans from the borrowers and enforcement of our Company’s rights will be subject to the IBC. 

# **_34. Our inability to detect money-laundering and other illegal activities fully and on a timely basis may expose us to additional liability and adversely affect our business and reputation._** 

We are required to comply with applicable anti-money-laundering (“ **AML** ”) and anti-terrorism laws and other regulations in India. In the ordinary course of our operations, we run the risk of failing to comply with the prescribed KYC procedures and the consequent risk of fraud and money laundering by dishonest customers and assessment of penalties or imposition of sanctions against us for such compliance failures despite having implemented systems and controls designed to prevent the occurrence of these risks. Further, the NHB has during a previous inspection, observed that effective KYC implementation was not in place with proper management oversight, systems and controls and training at our Company. Although we have responded to the NHB stating that effective KYC implementation is in place and we believe that we have adequate internal policies, processes and systems in place to prevent and detect any AML activity and ensure KYC compliance, we cannot assure you that we will be able to fully control instances of any potential or attempted violation by other parties. Any inability on our part to detect such activities fully and on a timely basis, may subject us to regulatory actions including imposition of fines and penalties and adversely affect our business and reputation. 

35 

# **_35. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the equity shareholders._** 

We have entered into various transactions with related parties. While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, in accordance with out related party transactions policy and contain commercially reasonable terms, we cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favorable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. It is likely that we may enter into related party transactions in the future. Although all related party transactions that we may enter into post-listing, will be subject to board or shareholder approval, as necessary under the Companies Act and the Listing Regulations, we cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations or that we could not have achieved more favorable terms if such transactions had not been entered into with related parties. For details of the related party transactions and as reported in the Restated Financial Information, see “ _Restated Financial Information_ ” on page 204. 

# **_36. Our Promoters, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel have interests in us other than the reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration and benefits._** 

Our Promoters, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel may be deemed to be interested to the extent of Equity Shares held by them, directly or indirectly, in our Company, as well as to the extent of any dividends, bonuses or other distributions on such shareholding. Additionally, some of our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel may also be regarded as interested to the extent of employee stock options granted by our Company and which may be granted to them from time to time pursuant to the ESOP Schemes, as applicable. For details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 57. 

We cannot assure you that our Promoters, Directors and our Key Managerial Personnel, if they are also our shareholders, will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. For details, see “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group_ ”, “ _Our Management – Interests of Directors_ ” and “ _Our Management – Interests of Key Managerial Personnel_ ” on pages 176, 166 and 174. 

# **_37. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. Additionally, our ability to pay dividends may also be restricted by the terms of financing arrangements that we may enter into. For details, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 273. Dividends distributed by us will attract dividend distribution tax at rates applicable from time to time and may be subject to other requirements prescribed by the NHB or RBI, as the case may be. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. For further details, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 182. 

## **_38._** 

# **_We have had negative net cash flows in the past and may continue to have negative cash flows in the future._** 

The following table sets forth our cash flows for the periods indicated: 

||**For the six mo**<br>**Septemb**<br>|**nths ended**<br>**er 30,**<br>|**For t**<br>|**he financial y**<br>|**ear**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2019**|**2018**|**2019**|**2018**|**2017**|
|||**_(_**|**_₹ in million)_**|||
|Net cash(used in)operatingactivities|(4,427.38)|(5,075.77)|(7,905.70)|(5,064.00)|(2,728.96)|
|Net cash generated from / (used in)<br>investingactivities|(3,365.59)|(1,020.43)|(1,054.86)|562.51|(140.11)|
|Net cashgenerated from financingactivities|6,995.40|6,879.54|10,587.66|3,571.83|3,798.60|
|Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash<br>equivalents|(797.57)|783.34|1,627.10|(929.66)|929.53|



For further details, see “ _Financial Information_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on pages 204 and 275, respectively. We cannot assure you that our net cash flow will be positive in the future. 

# **_39. We have referred to the data derived from industry reports commissioned from CRISIL Limited and ICRA Limited._** 

We have commissioned the services of independent third party research agencies CRISIL Limited and ICRA Limited and have relied on the report titled “CRISIL Research – Industry Report on Affordable Housing Finance, November 

36 

2019” and ICRA’s Report on Mortgage Finance Market for industry related data in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. These reports use certain methodologies for market sizing and forecasting. Neither we, nor any of the Lead Managers have independently verified such data and therefore, while we believe them to be true, we cannot assure you that they are complete or reliable. Accordingly, investors should read the industry related disclosure in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus in this context. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. While industry sources take due care and caution while preparing their reports, they do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the data. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on this information. 

# **_40. Our Promoters and some of our Directors may have interests in entities in businesses similar to ours, which may result in conflicts of interest with us._** 

Our Promoters and some of our Directors may have investments or interests in entities engaged in businesses similar to ours, including in other geographies or across the financial services sector in general, which may, in the future, result in conflicts of interest with us. For details, see “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group_ ” and “ _Our Management – Interests of Directors_ ” on pages 176 and 166. 

# **_41. During the last 12 months preceding the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has issued Equity Shares at a price that may be lower than the Offer Price._** 

We have, in the last 12 months prior to filing this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, issued Equity Shares at a price that could be lower than the Offer Price. For details, see “ _Capital Structure - Equity Shares issued in the preceding one year below the Offer Price_ ” on page 59. The prices at which Equity Shares have been issued by us in the last one year should not be taken to be indicative of the Price Band, Offer Price and the trading price of our Equity Shares after listing. 

# **_42. Our Promoters will continue to hold a significant equity stake in our Company after the Offer._** 

Following completion of the Offer, our Promoters, TN V LLP and Aether, will continue to hold a significant percentage of our Equity Share capital. Our Promoters will therefore have the ability to influence our operations including the ability to approve significant actions at Board and at shareholders’ meetings such as issuing Equity Shares, paying dividends, and determining business plans and mergers and acquisitions strategies. In addition, if our Promoters do not act together, such matters requiring shareholders’ approval may be delayed or may not occur at all, which could adversely affect our business. 

Further, upon listing of the Equity Shares on recognized stock exchanges, pursuant to the Shareholders’ Agreement, the amendments thereto and the Articles of Association, TN V LLP and Aether shall have the right to nominate Directors on our Board, subject to their shareholding at the time. For details in relation to rights to nominate Directors, “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters - Summary of Key Agreements_ ” beginning on page 159. The trading price of our Equity Shares could be adversely affected if potential new investors are disinclined to invest in us because they perceive disadvantages to a large shareholding being concentrated in our Promoters. For details of our Equity Shares held by our Promoters, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 57. For details of interests of our Promoters in our Company, see “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group”_ on page 176. 

# **_43. We, together with our Shareholders, are required to comply with certain restrictive covenants in relation to their shareholding, under our financing agreements._** 

Under certain agreements in relation to the refinancing availed from the NHB, we are required to submit an undertaking from the shareholders who hold 20% or more of the Equity Share capital to the effect that any dilution of 10% or more, requires prior approval from the NHB. In terms of such requirement, our Promoters and Bessemer have provided such undertakings to the NHB. Further, under certain agreements in relation to the refinancing availed by us from the NHB, P.S. Jayakumar, one of the Selling Shareholders and one our initial founders, is required to obtain approval of the NHB for any change in his shareholding in the Company. While such entities and individual have applied and received such approvals from the NHB (“ **NHB Approvals** ”) in connection with the Offer, such approvals are subject to the approval of the RBI. Additionally, our Promoters have undertaken that they shall not affect any dilution of more than 10% without prior approval of certain of our lenders, which have been obtained in connection with the Offer. In addition to restricting the transferability of shareholding of such shareholders, such restrictions could discourage or prevent a change in control, merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us, which might be beneficial to our Shareholders. 

## **_44._** 

**_Our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. The Selling Shareholders are selling Equity Shares in the Offer for Sale and will receive proceeds as part of the Offer for Sale._** 

37 

The Offer includes an Offer for Sale of Equity Shares by the Selling Shareholders. The proceeds from the Offer for Sale will be paid to the Selling Shareholders, in proportion to their respective portion of the Offered Shares transferred by each of them in the Offer for Sale, and we will not receive any such proceeds. For further details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” and “ _Capital Structure_ ” beginning on pages 76 and 57, respectively. 

# **External Risk Factors** 

# **_Risks Related to India_** 

# **_45. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

The Indian economy and capital markets are influenced by economic, political and market conditions in India and globally. Our Company is incorporated in India, and all of our assets and employees are located in India. As a result, we are dependent on prevailing economic conditions in India and our results of operations are affected by factors influencing the Indian economy. Further, the following external risks may have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations, should any of them materialize: 

- increase in interest rates may adversely affect our access to capital and increase our borrowing costs, which may constrain our ability to grow our business and operate profitably; 

- downgrade of India’s sovereign debt rating by an independent agency; 

- political instability, resulting from a change in governmental or economic and fiscal policies, may adversely affect economic conditions in India. In recent years, India has implemented various economic and political reforms. Reforms in relation to land acquisition policies and trade barriers have led to increased incidents of social unrest in India over which we have no control; 

- civil unrest, acts of violence, terrorist attacks, regional conflicts or situations or war; and 

- India has experienced natural calamities such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods and drought in recent years. 

Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. Our performance and the growth of our business depend on the overall performance of the Indian economy as well as the economies of the regional markets in which we operate. 

# **_46. The growth rate of India’s housing finance industry may not be sustainable._** 

We expect the housing finance industry in India to continue to grow as a result of anticipated growth in India’s economy, increases in household income and demographic changes. In addition, the Government of India is pursuing various social welfare schemes and initiatives to create an enabling and supportive environment to both enhance the flow of credit to the housing sector and increase home ownership in India. Various Central Government policies and initiatives such as “ _Smart Cities_ ” and the “ _Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana_ ” or the “ _Housing for all by 2022_ ” scheme have reinforced the primacy of the housing sector and the need to provide housing to all and are expected to promote affordable housing through partnerships with private sector entities. However, it is not clear how certain trends and events, such as the pace of India’s economic growth, the development of domestic capital markets and the on-going reform will affect India’s housing finance industry. In addition, there can be no assurance that the Government policies and initiatives for the housing finance industry will continue at the same or expected pace in the future. Consequently, there can be no assurance that the growth and development of India’s housing finance industry will be sustainable. 

# **_47. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of corporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes, including the instances mentioned below, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. For example: 

- the GAAR became effective from April 1, 2017. The tax consequences of the GAAR provisions being applied to an arrangement could result in denial of tax benefit amongst other consequences. In the absence of any precedents on the subject, the application of these provisions is uncertain. If the GAAR provisions are made applicable to our Company, it may have an adverse tax impact on us; and 

38 

- the Government of India has implemented a comprehensive national GST regime that combines taxes and levies by the Central and State Governments into a unified rate structure. In this regard, the Constitution (One hundred and first Amendment) Act, 2016 enables the Government of India and state governments to introduce GST. Any future increases or amendments may affect the overall tax efficiency of companies operating in India and may result in significant additional taxes becoming payable. If, as a result of a particular tax risk materializing, the tax costs associated with certain transactions are greater than anticipated, it could affect the profitability of such transactions. 

- The Finance (No. 2) Act, 2019 (the “ **Finance Act** ”), passed by the Parliament and which has received the assent of the President of India, has introduced various amendments to legislations. Amongst others, the Finance Act includes amendments to the NHB Act (“ **NHB Act Amendments** ”) which have transferred the regulation authority over the housing finance sector from NHB to RBI. The NHB Act Amendments have come into force August 9, 2019. Pursuant to the NHB Act Amendments, amongst others, (i) HFCs are required to apply to the RBI for registration under the NHB Act, in place of NHB; (ii) the RBI has the power to determine the percentage of assets to be maintained in terms of its investments and its reserve fund to be maintained; (iii) the RBI has the power to determine policy and issue instructions in relation to housing finance institutions; and (iv) the RBI has the power to regulate by specifying conditions or prohibit the issue by any housing finance institution which is a company of any prospectus or advertisement soliciting deposits of money from the public. However, the NHB Act Amendments, retain certain powers with the NHB, in addition to conferring such powers on the RBI, such as power to conduct inspections and request for documents from the HFCs. This may result in a change in policy and interpretations with respect to regulations governing HFCs. 

Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the application, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

# **_48. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against our Company outside India._** 

Our Company is incorporated under the laws of India. Our Company’s assets are located in India and a majority of our Company’s Directors and Key Managerial Personnel are residents of India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce against them judgments obtained in courts outside India. Moreover, it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or inconsistent with Indian public policy. 

India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions, which includes, the United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong. A judgment from certain specified courts located in a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the Civil Code. The United States and India do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any federal or state court in a non-reciprocating territory, such as the United States, for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general securities laws of the United States, would not be enforceable in India under the Civil Code as a decree of an Indian court. 

The United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong have been declared by the Government of India to be reciprocating territories for purposes of Section 44A of the Civil Code. A judgment of a court of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit on the judgment under Section 13 of the Civil Code, and not by proceedings in execution. Section 13 of the Civil Code provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated on except (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case, (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable, (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice, (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. Under the Civil Code, a court in India shall, on the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgment, presume that the judgment was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record. The Civil Code only permits the enforcement of monetary decrees, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, 

39 

fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. 

However, the party in whose favor such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the United States or other such jurisdiction within three years of obtaining such final judgment. It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Moreover, it is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages to the extent awarded in a final judgment rendered outside India if it believes that the amount of damages awarded were excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain the prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered. 

# **_49. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Foreign ownership of Indian securities is subject to Government regulation. Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions), if they comply with the pricing and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and does not fall under any of the exceptions specified by the RBI, then the RBI’s prior approval is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. As provided in the foreign exchange controls currently in effect in India, the RBI has provided that the price at which the Equity Shares are transferred be calculated in accordance with internationally accepted pricing methodology for the valuation of shares at an arm’s length basis, and a higher (or lower, as applicable) price per share may not be permitted. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular term or at all. For further details, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 340. 

# **_50. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as US GAAP and IFRS, which may be material to investors' assessments of our financial condition._** 

The financial statements included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus have been prepared in accordance with Ind AS. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP or IFRS. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the Ind AS financial statements, which are restated as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

# **_51. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may differ to those under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be similar to the shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. 

# **_Risks Related to the Offer_** 

# **_52. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company and the Promoter Selling Shareholders in consultation with the Lead Managers, and through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 80 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that the investor will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

40 

# **_53. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book-building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results of our Company, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

# **_54. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Equity Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

# **_55. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity-linked securities by us may dilute your shareholding and adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any future issuance of the Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to the Equity Shares by us, including through exercise of employee stock options may dilute your shareholding in our Company, adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and our ability to raise capital through an issue of our securities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will not issue additional Equity Shares. The disposal of Equity Shares by any of our Promoters and Promoter Group, or the perception that such sales may occur may significantly affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. Except as disclosed in “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 57, we cannot assure you that our Promoters and Promoter Group will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

# **_56. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

A public company incorporated in India must offer its equity shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting on such resolution. 

However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for your benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of any such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of our Equity Shares, your proportional interests in our Company would be diluted. 

# **_57. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. RIBs can revise or withdraw their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within such period as may be prescribed under applicable law, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission 

41 

of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

42 

