

# **SECTION II – RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, the industry in which we operate or to India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not currently known to us or that we currently do not deem material may also adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are not currently deemed material, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected, the price of our Equity Shares could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. In order to obtain a complete understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Restated Financial Statements” beginning on pages 150, 132, 149 and 202, respectively, of this Red Herring Prospectus, as well as the other financial and statistical and other information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of our Company and our business and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved._ 

_Prospective investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are unable to quantify the financial or other impact of any of the risks described in this section. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 18 of this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information included herein is based on or derived from our Restated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Restated Financial Statements” beginning on page 202 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Unless the context otherwise requires, in this section, references to “we”,“us”, “our”, “our Company”, or “the Company” refers to HP Adhesives Limited._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the report titled “Assessment of the Adhesives and Sealants market in India” dated November 2021 (the “_ **_CRISIL Research_** _”) prepared and issued by CRISIL Limited commissioned by us. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the CRISIL Research Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year._ 

28 



# **RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS** 

# **_1. Our proposed capacity expansion plans relating to our manufacturing facility are subject to the risk of unanticipated delays in implementation and cost overruns._** 

We have made and intend to continue making investments to expand the capacity of our manufacturing facility to aid our growth efforts and expand our presence. We intend to use a part of the Net Proceeds towards expansion of our manufacturing facility at Village Narangi, Raigad, Maharashtra. For further information, see “Our Business – Proposed Expansion Plans” and “Objects of the Offer” on pages 161 and 94. 

Our expansion plans remain subject to the potential problems and uncertainties including cost overruns or delays. Problems that could adversely affect our expansion plans include labour shortages, increased costs of equipment or manpower, inadequate performance of the equipment and machinery installed in our manufacturing facility, delays in completion, defects in design or construction, the possibility of unanticipated future regulatory restrictions, delays in receiving governmental, statutory and other regulatory approvals, incremental pre- operating expenses, taxes and duties, interest and finance charges, working capital margin and other external factors which may not be within the control of our management. There can be no assurance that the proposed capacity additions and expansions will be completed as planned or on schedule, and if they are not completed in a timely manner, or at all, our budgeted costs may be insufficient to meet our proposed capital expenditure requirements. If our actual capital expenditures significantly exceed our budgets, or even if our budgets were sufficient to cover these projects, we may not be able to achieve the intended economic benefits of these projects, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete the aforementioned expansion and additions in accordance with the proposed schedule of implementation and any delay could have an adverse impact on our growth, prospects, cash flows and financial condition. 

The proposed expansion by setting up an additional unit will require us to obtain various approvals, which are routine in nature. In addition to such pending approvals, we may also need to apply for certain additional approvals required for the proposed expansion. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain these registrations and approvals in a timely manner or at all. Further, in the event of any unanticipated delay in receipt of such approvals, the proposed schedule implementation and deployment of the Net Proceeds may be extended or may vary accordingly. 

# **_2. The continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations is uncertain and it may be significant and continue to have an adverse effect on our business, operations and our future financial performance._** 

The World Health Organization declared the novel coronavirus disease (“ **COVID-19** ”) outbreak a Public Health Emergency of International Concern on January 30, 2020, and a pandemic on March 11, 2020.  The rapid and diffused spread of COVID-19 and global health concerns relating to this pandemic have had a severe negative impact on, among other things, financial markets, liquidity, economic conditions and trade and could continue to do so or could worsen for an unknown period of time, that could in turn continue to have a material adverse impact on our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition, - including liquidity and growth. The Company’s average monthly net sales during the financial year 2019 20 have been in the range of Rs.750.00 Lakhs to Rs. 900.00 lakhs, however with the onset of the Covid-19 pandemic, our Company experienced a fall in the revenue in the month of April 2020 and May 2020 to Rs. 67.00 lakhs and Rs. 650.00 Lakhs respectively. The same impacted the profitability of our Company as there was minimal change in the fixed cost of the Company. Further, production activities at our manufacturing facility were halted during the period March 22, 2020 to April 16, 2020 which resulted in our production capacity being unutilized for the said period. The average monthly collection from our debtors which is generally in the range of Rs. 1000.00 lakhs to Rs. 1100.00 lakhs experience a decline as we could receive only Rs.210.00 lakhs and Rs 967.00 lakhs in the months of April and May, 2020 

29 



respectively. The average period for realization of receivables also increased from around 60-70 days to about 90 days in the month of April 2020 due to the impact of Covid-19. The extent to which the COVID19 outbreak impacts our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, including the timeliness and effectiveness of actions taken or not taken to contain and mitigate the effects of COVID-19 both in India and internationally, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. There is currently substantial medical uncertainty regarding COVID-19. A rapid increase in severe cases and deaths where measures taken by governments fail or are lifted prematurely, may cause unprecedented economic disruption in India and in the rest of the world. The scope, duration and frequency of such measures and the adverse effects of COVID- 19 remain uncertain and are likely to be severe. 

On March 14, 2020, India declared COVID-19 as a “notified disaster” and imposed a nationwide lockdown on March 24, 2020. While progressive relaxations have since been granted for movement of goods and people and cautious re- opening of businesses and offices, lockdowns may be re- introduced in the future. On account of the nationwide lockdown, operations at our manufacturing facility were suspended. This resulted in a decrease in sale of our products particularly during the month of April 2020 and May 2020 on account of government restrictions imposed and additionally on account of cost control measures implemented by our distributors and end-customers. We also experienced disruptions in supply chain and inventory management, as well as delays in orders and payments. In particular, some of our purchase orders were cancelled and/ or deferred by our distributors. While we restarted manufacturing operations at our manufacturing facility with the progressive relaxation of the lockdown, we are required to implement additional safety measures, such as, regular temperature checks, regular sanitization, and compulsory use of masks and hand sanitization, and limited workforce. We have monitored and considered the impact of known events arising from the COVID-19 pandemic including with respect to our liquidity and going concern, recoverable values of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and the net realisable value of other assets. The management has assessed and concluded that there is no additional impact on account of COVID-19 which is required to be recognised in the Restated Financial Statements. However, we will continue to closely monitor the impact that COVID-19 may have on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic may also significantly increase the effect of the aforementioned factors affecting our results of operations. 

The impact of the pandemic on our business, operations and future financial performance has included and may include the following: 

- temporary shutdown of our manufacturing facilities or sales depots due to government restrictions; 

- decrease in sales of our products, particularly in the first half of Fiscal 2021 including on account of cost control measures implemented by our distributors and/ or end-customers; 

- inability to utilize our workforce including because of travel or government restrictions, such as stay at home orders, or illness of our employees due to COVID-19 and associated quarantining requirements, which resulted in a slowdown in our operations; 

- disruptions to our supply chain in terms of raw material sourcing due to temporary closure of the facilities of suppliers, and delivery of finished products due to transportation restrictions; 

- delays or indefinite postponement in the future of our proposed expansion plans/ product development activities; 

- delays in orders or delivery of orders, and if prolonged may negatively impact our cash conversion cycle and ability to convert our backlog into cash; 

- inability to collect full or partial payments from distributors due to deterioration in liquidity, including financial distress experienced by distributors; 

- inability in the future to access debt and equity capital on acceptable terms, or at all; 

- inability in the future to comply with the covenants in our credit facilities and other financing agreements, which could result in events of default and the acceleration of repayment; and 

- potential negative impact on the health of our employees, particularly if a significant number of them are afflicted by COVID-19, resulting in a deterioration in our ability to ensure business continuity during this disruption. 

30 



Any resulting financial impact due to the above cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. In addition, we cannot predict the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our distributors, suppliers and other business partners, and each of their financial conditions; however, any material effect on these parties could adversely impact us. As a result of these uncertainties, the impact may vary significantly from that estimated by our management from time to time, and any action to contain or mitigate such impact, whether government- mandated or opted by us, may not have the anticipated effect or may fail to achieve its intended purpose altogether. Existing insurance coverage may not provide protection or coverage for any costs that may arise from all such possible events. For further information, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis on the Financial Conditions and Results of Operations - Auditor’s Observations” on page 275 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Further, we generate a major part of our revenue in India. The effects of COVID-19 in India may be of a greater magnitude, scope and duration than those experienced to date in other countries. To the extent that the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this “Risk Factors” section. 

**_3. Our ability to grow our business depends on our relationships with our distributors and the community of appliers and any adverse changes in these relationships, or our inability to enter into new relationships and thereby expand our distribution network, could negatively affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our business is dependent on the decisions and actions of our distributors which is determined by our ability to maintain and strengthen our relationships and arrangements with existing distributors as well as our ability to establish and maintain relationships with new distributors. In addition, as distributors and endcustomers are also influenced by appliers, our business is also dependent on the relationships we share with the community of appliers. Our relationship with our distributors and appliers is dependent to a large extent on our ability to regularly meet their requirements, including by introducing products with greater marketability, price competitiveness, efficient and timely product deliveries, and consistent product quality. In the event we are unable to meet such requirements in the future, it may result in decrease in orders or cessation of business from affected distributors and appliers. In addition, failure to provide distributors with sufficient inventories of our products may result in lesser sales of our products compared to the demand. There are also a number of factors relating to our distributors and appliers beyond our control that might result in the termination of our arrangement or the loss of a distributor or applier relationship, including change in preferences of our distributors or appliers as well as a demand for price reductions. Further, the deterioration of the financial condition or business prospects of these distributors could affect their ability to maintain inventory and thus reduce demand for our products and could result in a significant decline in the revenues we derive from such distributors. Adverse changes in our relationships with our distributors and appliers, or the inability to develop new products for existing distributors or appliers or to successfully establish relationships with new distributors or appliers, could therefore limit our business prospects, which could adversely affect our financial performance. Please also see Risk Factor No. 24“ – We are in the process of expanding our operations and establishing a network of distributor in regions where we do not have a significant presence and prior experience. Any failure to expand into these new regions could adversely affect our sales, financial condition, result of operations, and cash flows.” on page 43 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

We may also face disruptions in the delivery of our products for various reasons beyond our control, including poor freight forwarding of our products, transportation bottlenecks, natural disasters, infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic and labour issues, which could lead to deliveries being delayed or lost, resulting in insufficient inventories at distributor outlets. If we fail to deliver products to distributors in a timely manner, or if our distributors fail to adhere to the terms of our arrangements, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

31 



# **_4. We do not enter into long-term arrangements with our distributors and any failure to continue our existing arrangements could negatively affect our business and results of operations._** 

We sell all our products through our distributor network. We presently do not have any long-term or exclusive arrangements with any of our distributor and we cannot assure you that we will be able to sell the quantities we have historically supplied to such distributors. In the event our competitors’ products offer better margins to such distributors or otherwise incentivizes them, there can be no assurance that our distributors will continue to promote our products or place orders with us. Most of our transactions with our distributors are typically on a purchase order basis without any commitment for a fixed volume of business. There can also be no assurance that our distributors will renew their arrangements with us on current or similar terms, or at all. Further, our distributors could change their business practices or seek to modify the terms that we have customarily followed with them, including in relation to their payment terms. While we negotiate product prices and payment terms with our distributors, in the event our distributors alter their requirements, it could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. In addition, our distributors may also cancel purchase orders at short notice or without notice, which could have an impact on our inventory management. Termination of any of the above mentioned arrangements or frequent cancellation of purchase orders could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Further, in the event our distributors experience any delays in placing orders with us, do not effectively market our products, or if they prefer to market the products of our competitors, it could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our inability to maintain our existing distribution network could have a material adverse effect on our sales, business growth and prospects, results of operation, financial condition and cash flows. Further, the performance of our distributors, their sales network and their ability to expand their businesses are crucial to the future growth of our business and directly affect our sales volume and profitability. If any of the distributors fails to distribute our products in a timely manner, or at all, or if our relationships with distributors are adversely affected, our profitability could be materially and adversely affected. 

# **_5. Under-utilization of our manufacturing capacities and an inability to effectively utilize our expanded manufacturing capacities could have an adverse effect on our business, future prospects and future financial performance._** 

As of March 31, 2021, we own and operate one manufacturing facility in Village Narangi, Raigad, Maharashtra with an aggregate estimated installed production capacity of 6,098.82 KLPA for solvent cement, 2,491.20 MTPA for other adhesives and 783.36 MTPA for sealants. Our ability to maintain our profitability depends on our ability to optimize the product mix to support high-margin products and products with consistent long-term demand; and the demand and supply balance of our products in the principal and target markets. In particular, the level of our capacity utilization can impact our operating results. Capacity utilization is also affected by our product mix and the demand and supply balance. 

Our capacity utilization levels are dependent on our ability to carry out uninterrupted operations at manufacturing facility, the availability of raw materials, industry/ market conditions, as well as by the product requirements of, and procurement practice followed by, our distributors. In the event we face prolonged disruptions at our facilities including due to interruptions in the supply of water, electricity or as a result of labour unrest, or are unable to procure sufficient raw materials, we would not be able to achieve full capacity utilization of our current manufacturing facility, resulting in operational inefficiencies which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Further, we have made certain investments for the expansion of our manufacturing capacity in the past and intend to use a part of the Net Proceeds towards expansion of our manufacturing facility located in Village Narangi, Raigad, Maharashtra. Our proposed expansion plans are based on demand forecasts that are subject to various assumptions including product trends in the industry, inventory management at distributor outlets, weather conditions and seasonality in the industry, and end-customer spending preferences, that are based on prevailing 

32 



economic conditions. Adequate utilization of our expanded capacities is therefore subject to various factors beyond our control and in case of oversupply in the industry or lack of demand, we may not be able to utilise our expanded capacities efficiently. The success of any capacity expansion and expected return on investment on capital invested is subject to, among other factors, the ability to procure requisite regulatory approvals in a timely manner; recruit and ensure satisfactory performance of personnel to further grow our business; and the ability to absorb additional infrastructure costs and develop new expertise and utilize the expanded capacities as anticipated. Please also see Risk Factor No. 16 “Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds are based on management estimates and may be subject to change based on various factors, some of which are beyond our control” and Risk Factor No.  1 “Our proposed capacity expansion plans relating to our manufacturing facilities are subject to the risk of unanticipated delays in implementation and cost overruns” on pages 39 and 29, respectively, of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

In Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021, our overall capacity utilization for solvent cement was 54%, 57% and 51%, respectively, for other adhesives was 7,48%, 20.74 % and 34.30%, respectively and for sealants was 7,71%, 38.08% and 52.92%, respectively. For further information, see “Our Business - Capacity and Capacity Utilization” on page 160 of this Red Herring Prospectus. These rates are not indicative of future capacity utilization rates, which is dependent on various factors, including demand for our products, availability of raw materials, our ability to manage our inventory and improve operational efficiency. Under-utilization of our manufacturing capacities over extended periods, or significant under-utilization in the short-term, could materially and adversely impact our business, growth prospects and future financial performance. 

**_6. We do not have long-term agreements with our suppliers for raw materials and an inability to procure the desired quality, quantity of our raw materials in a timely manner and at reasonable costs, or at all, may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our ability to remain competitive, maintain costs and profitability depend, in part, on our ability to source and maintain a stable and sufficient supply of raw materials at acceptable prices. Our major raw materials include solvents, resins and other additives. For further information, see “Our Business – Procurement of Raw Materials” beginning on page 162 of this Red Herring Prospectus. We depend on external suppliers for all the raw materials required and typically purchase raw materials on a purchase order basis and place such orders with them in advance on the basis of our anticipated requirements. As a result, the success of our business is significantly dependent on maintaining good relationships with our raw material suppliers. The absence of long-term supply contracts subjects us to risks such as price volatility caused by various factors such as commodity market fluctuations, currency fluctuations, climatic and environmental conditions, production and transportation cost, changes in domestic as well as international government policies, and regulatory and trade sanctions. Some portion of our raw materials are also imported. As a result, we continue to remain susceptible to the risks arising out of raw material price fluctuations as well as import duties, which could result in a decline in our operating margins. If we cannot fully offset the increase in raw material prices with increase in the prices for our products, we will experience lower margins, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. In the absence of such contracts we are also exposed to the risk of unavailability of certain raw materials in desired quantities and qualities, in a timely manner or at all. 

Although we have not faced significant disruptions in the procurement of raw materials in the past, the COVID-19 pandemic temporarily affected our ability to source raw materials from certain vendors who were unable to transport raw materials to us. There can thus, be no assurance that in future we will be able to procure the required quantities and quality of raw materials commensurate with our requirements. In Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021 and six months periods ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, the cost of raw materials and components consumed represented 65.34%, 65.13%, 68.74%, 72.77% and 68.08% respectively, of our revenue from operations. There can also be no assurance that a particular supplier will continue to supply us with raw materials in the future. Any delay in supplying finished products to distributors in accordance with the terms and conditions of the purchase orders, such as delivery within a 

33 



specified time, as a result of delayed raw material supply, could result in the distributor refusing to accept our products, which may have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. Further, we cannot assure you that we will be able to enter into new or renew our existing arrangements with suppliers on terms acceptable to us, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to source raw materials in a commercially viable and timely manner, if at all, which may impact our business and profitability. 

Further, as we generally have short-term arrangements for supply of our products to distributors, we rely on historical trends and other indicators to purchase the required quantities of raw materials. We, therefore, run the risk of purchasing more raw materials than necessary, which could expose us to risks associated with prolonged storage of some of these materials, and materially affect our results of operations. Conversely, if our distributors place orders for greater quantities of products compared to their historical requirements, we may not be able to adequately source the necessary raw materials in a timely manner and may not have the required available manufacturing capacity to meet such demand. In addition, if all or a significant number of our suppliers for any particular raw material are unable or unwilling to meet our requirements or our estimates fall short of the demand, we could suffer shortages or significant cost increases. Continued supply disruptions could exert pressure on our costs, and we cannot assure you that all or part of any increased costs can be passed along to our distributors in a timely manner or at all, which could negatively affect our business, overall profitability and financial performance. 

# **_7. We have incurred borrowings from commercial banks and an inability to comply with repayment and other covenants in our financing agreements could adversely affect our business and financial condition._** 

We have entered into agreements with banks for short-term and long-term borrowings. As of March 31, 2021 and as of September 30, 2021, we had Total Borrowings (consisting of borrowings under non-current liabilities, current maturities of long-term debts and borrowings under current liabilities) of ₹ 4,220.44 Lakhs and Rs. 2973.81 lakhs, respectively, which comprises of secured loans from ICICI Bank and IndusInd Bank, unsecured loans from our Promoters and vehicle loans. Certain agreements that we have entered into contain restrictive covenants, including requirements that we obtain consent from the lenders prior to undertaking certain matters such as availing fresh credit facility, giving fresh loans and advances, opening/ maintaining new bank accounts issuing corporate guarantee etc. Any failure to service such indebtedness, or otherwise perform any obligations under such financing agreements may lead to a termination of one or more of our credit facilities or incur penalties and acceleration of payments under such credit facilities, which may adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

Further, we are required to, among other obligations, comply with certain financial covenants including maintaining the prescribed inventory margins, insurance covers on the hypothecated properties and lien creation. Our hypothecated assets comprise of our stock of raw materials, semi-finished and finished goods, consumable stores and spares and such other movable current assets including book debts, bills whether documentary or clean, outstanding monies, receivables, both present and future. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with these financial or other covenants or that we will be able to obtain consents necessary to take the actions that we believe are required to operate and grow our business. Any fluctuations in the interest rates may directly impact the interest costs of such loans, and affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our ability to make repayments and refinance our indebtedness will depend on our continued ability to generate cash from our future operations. We may not be able to generate enough cash flow from operations or obtain enough capital to service our debt. For further information including in relation to hypothecated properties, please see “Financial Indebtedness” beginning on page 291 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Any failure to comply with the conditions and covenants in our financing agreements that is not waived by our lenders or guarantors or otherwise cured could lead to a termination of our credit facilities, foreclosure on our assets, acceleration of all amounts due under such facilities or trigger cross-default provisions under certain of our other financing agreements, any of which could adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to conduct and implement our business plans. 

34 



**_8. We intend to utilise a portion of the Net Proceeds for funding our capital expenditure requirements. We are yet to place orders for such capital expenditure machinery._** 

We intend to utilise a portion of the Net Proceeds for funding capital expenditure for expansion of the production capacity towards purchase of machinery, equipment and utilities at our manufacturing facility at Village Narangi, Raigad. While we have obtained quotations from different vendors in relation to the major machinery and equipment required for funding such capital expenditure, we are yet to place orders for such machinery and equipment. Accordingly, orders worth ₹ 2,308.10 Lakhs, which constitute 94.84% of the total estimated costs in relation to expansion of the production capacities at Village Narangi, Raigad are yet to be placed. There can be no assurance that we will be able to place orders for such machinery and equipment in a timely manner or at all. Further, in the event of any delay in placement of such orders, the proposed schedule implementation and deployment of the Net Proceeds may be extended or may vary accordingly. 

# **_9. Fluctuation in the prices of petro-chemicals which are affected by the prices of crude oil may affect our ability to price our products competitively._** 

The raw materials we use in our manufacturing process are primarily sourced from third party suppliers. Our raw materials include solvents, resins and other additives that are manufactured using derivatives of crude oil. Prices of these principal raw materials are subject to changes in the prices of crude oil and other petrochemical intermediates which are linked to international prices and are susceptible to significant volatility from time to time. As a result, we continue to remain susceptible to the risks arising out of raw material price fluctuations and in particular fluctuation of crude oil prices which could result in declining operating margins. While the variation in the price of such raw materials is typically passed on to the customer, our inability to do so in the future could adversely affect our ability to price our products competitively. Please also see the Risk Factor No. 6, “ – We do not have long- term agreements with our suppliers for raw materials, and an inability to procure the desired quality, quantity of our raw materials in a timely manner and at reasonable costs, or at all, may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.” on page 33 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_10. We have had negative cash flows in the past and it is possible that we may experience negative cash flows in the future._** 

The table below sets forth selected information from our statements of cash flows in the periods indicated below: 

|||||_(Rs. in Lakhs)_|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**||**For the ye**|**ar ended M**|**arch 31,**|
||**Six months**<br>**period**<br>**Ended Sep**<br>**30, 2021**|**2021**|**2020**|**2019**|
|Net cash (used in)/ generated from operating<br>activities|(743.97)|2152.92|283.70|228.90|
|Net cash (used in)/ generated from investing<br>activities|(845.40)|(1,622.70)|(409.36)|(358.90)|
|Net cash (used in)/ generated from financing<br>activities|1,574.57|(522.77)|10.37|142.69|
|Net increase/ (decrease) in cash and cash<br>equivalents|(14.80)|7.46|(115.30)|12.74|
|Cash and Cash Equivalents at the beginning of the<br>period|83.10|75.65|190.95|178.21|
|Cash and Cash Equivalents at the end of the<br>period|68.30|83.10|75.65|190.95|



35 



For further details please refer chapters titled “Restated Financial Statements” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” beginning on pages 202 and 275 respectively. 

# **_11. Our Company has incurred losses in the past._** 

Our Company has incurred a loss of Rs.  467.05 Lakhs in the Financial Year 2019-20. During the said Financial Year, our Company had incurred an aggregate loss of INR 743.71 Lakhs due to exceptional item of settling tax claims/ disputes under the Sabka Vishwas (Legacy Dispute Resolution) Scheme, 2019 and Maha VAT Amnesty Scheme. There can be no assurance that our Company will not incur losses in the future or that there will not be an adverse effect on our Company’s reputation or business as a result of such losses. 

For further details please refer chapter titled “Restated Financial Statements” beginning on page 202  of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_12. We are required to obtain, renew or maintain certain statutory and regulatory permits and approvals required to operate our business and if we fail to do so in a timely manner or at all and our business, financial conditions, results of operations, and cash flows may be adversely affected._** 

Our operations are subject to government and statutory regulations and we are required to obtain and maintain several permits, consents and regulations and approvals under central, state and local government rules for operating our business generally for our manufacturing facility and depots. While we believe that we have obtained the necessary and material approvals, licenses, registrations and permits from the relevant authorities, there could be instances where we may not have applied, obtained or applied with a delay for certain requisite approvals applicable to us. For instance, we did not have the necessary consents to establish or operate our manufacturing facility at Village Narangi, Raigad, Maharashtra under the pollution control laws prior to July 2015, registration under Employees’ State Insurance Act prior to January 2021, etc. Further, we may have breached certain limits as permitted in the approvals, licenses, registrations or permits previously obtained. For instance, we have breached the production limit by 260 MT per month, 300 MT per month and 350 MT per month on an average, during the Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021 respectively. While we usually stay within the limits, we cannot assure you that no action will be taken against us for such breach. Penalties may be levied against our Company for the breach of limits which may adversely affect the financial position of our Company. We also need to apply for renewal, from time to time, of some of such approvals, licenses, registrations and permits, which expire or seek fresh approvals, as and when required, in the ordinary course of our business. While we generally apply for the renewal of approvals in a timely manner, we cannot assure that such approvals will be issued or granted to us in a timely manner, or at all. If we do not receive such approvals or are not able to renew the approvals in a timely manner, our business and operations may be adversely affected. Further, there may also be delay in applying for renewal or receiving the grant of such approval due to COVID-19 pandemic. 

There can be no assurance that the relevant authority will issue an approval or renew expired approvals within the applicable time period or at all. Any delay in receipt or non-receipt of such approvals, licenses, registrations and permits could adversely affect our related operations. Further, under such circumstances, the relevant authorities may initiate penal action against us, restrain our operations, impose fines/ penalties or initiate legal proceedings for our inability to renew/obtain approvals in a timely manner or at all. 

The approvals required by us are also subject to numerous conditions including, among others, quantum of raw materials to be used, fire and safety measures, etc. Further, in some cases, consent of relevant authorities is required in case there is any modification/ alteration/ change in product mix. The conditions and the obligation to renew the approval or license at regular intervals are also prescribed in such approvals and licenses. We cannot assure you that the approvals, licenses, registrations and permits issued to us will not be suspended or cancelled or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms 

36 



or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action.  We have not, in the past, taken consents and registration as required under the applicable environmental laws and Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970. We cannot assure you that non-compliances will not occur in the future or that we may not be subject to any penalties in relation to such non-compliances which may affect our profitability, business, financial condition and results of operations. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial conditions, results of operations, and cash flows. 

# **_13. A significant portion of our domestic sales are derived from the western zone and any adverse developments in this market could adversely affect our business._** 

Set forth below is certain information on our geography-wise domestic revenue from operations for the periods indicated: 

|**Zone**|**Break-up of tot**<br>|**al domestic reven**<br>|**ue from operation**<br>|**s (%)**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Six months period ended**<br>**September 30, 2021**|**Fiscal 2021**|**Fiscal 2020**|**Fiscal 2019**|
|West|53.65%|47.03%|50.20%|53.98%|
|South|20.14%|24.13%|23.49%|23.17%|
|North|18.10%|22.01%|20.47%|17.54%|
|East|8.11%|6.83%|5.83%|5.31%|
|Total|100.00%|100.00%|100.00%|100.00%|



_*The revenue considered for the above information is before Sales Returns and Turnover Discount._ 

We have historically derived a significant portion of our revenue from sales in the western zone. In Fiscal 2021 and six months period ended September 30, 2021 the revenue generated from sales in western zone represented 47.03% and 53.65% respectively of our revenue from domestic sales. Accordingly, any materially adverse social, political or economic development, natural calamities, civil disruptions, regulatory developments or changes in the policies of the state or local government in this region could adversely affect our manufacturing and distribution activities, result in modification of our business strategy or require us to incur significant capital expenditure, which will in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Further, our sales from this region may decline as a result of increased competition, regulatory action, pricing pressures, fluctuations in the demand for or supply of our products or services, or the outbreak of an infectious disease such as COVID19. Our failure to effectively react to these situations or to successfully introduce new products or services in these markets could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. The occurrence of, or our inability to effectively respond to, any such events or effectively manage the competition in the region, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and future business prospects. 

# **_14. Information relating to the installed manufacturing capacity and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facility included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates and future production and capacity may vary._** 

Information relating to the installed manufacturing capacity and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates of our management that have been taken into account by an independent chartered engineer in the calculation of the installed manufacturing capacity of, and actual productions volumes at, our manufacturing facility. The assumptions and estimates include the standard capacity calculation practices of the adhesives and sealants industry after examining the period during which the manufacturing facility operated in a year, expected operations, availability of raw materials, downtime resulting from scheduled maintenance activities, unscheduled breakdowns, as well as expected operational efficiencies, and taking into account the number 

37 



of working days in a year, number of days in a month, number of shifts in a day, and average number of batches per day. Actual manufacturing capacity, production levels and utilization rates may therefore vary from the information of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus or from the historical installed manufacturing capacity information of our manufacturing facilities depending on the product type. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on our historical installed capacity information for our existing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_15. Our inability to collect receivables from our distributors or default in payment by them could result in the reduction of our profits and affect our cash flows._** 

Our operations involve extending credit for extended periods of time to our distributors in respect of our products and consequently, we face the risk of non-receipt of these outstanding amounts in a timely manner or at all, particularly in the absence of long-term arrangements with our distributors. While we have not adopted any credit policy, we typically operate on pre-sanctioned credit limits with distributors and cannot guarantee that our distributors will not default on their payments. Our inability to collect receivables from our distributors in a timely manner or at all in future, could adversely affect our working capital cycle and cash flows. In Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021 and six months periods ended September 30, 2020 and 2021, our trade receivables were ₹ 2240.84 Lakhs, ₹ 1979.85 Lakhs, ₹ 2286.61 Lakhs, ₹ 1937.71 Lakhs and ₹ 2880.79 Lakhs respectively, which represented 25.63%, 20.73%, 19.35%, 43.13% _(not annualised)_ and 40.85% _(not annualised)_ of our revenues for such periods  respectively. Macroeconomic conditions could also result in financial difficulties, including insolvency or bankruptcy for our distributors and as a result could cause distributors to delay payments to us, request modifications to their payment arrangements, that could increase our receivables or affect our working capital requirements, or default on their payment obligations to us. During the Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021 and six months period ended September 30, 2020 and 2021, our bad debts were ₹101.29 Lakhs, ₹ 1.88 Lakhs, ₹ 2.05 Lakhs, ₹ 1.95 Lakhs and ₹ 59.77 Lakhs respectively. An increase in bad debts or in defaults by our distributors may compel us to utilize greater amounts of our operating working capital and result in increased interest costs, thereby adversely affecting our results of operations and cash flows. 

**_16. Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds are based on management’s estimates and may be subject to change based on various factors, some of which are beyond our control._** 

Our funding requirements and deployment of the Net Proceeds are based on internal management’s estimates based on current market conditions and have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. Our funding requirements may be subject to change based on various factors which are beyond our control. While we intend to deploy the Net Proceeds towards the Objects from listing of the Equity Shares pursuant to the Offer till FYE 2024, as more particularly disclosed in the section titled “Objects of the Offer” on page 94 of this RHP, the actual deployment of funds will depend on a number of factors including market conditions, our Board’s analysis of economic trends and business requirements, competitive landscape, as well as general factors affecting our results of operations, financial condition and access to capital. We cannot assure you that the deployment of Net Proceeds will take place within the aforesaid period, as currently intended. Depending upon the above factors, we may have to reduce or extend the deployment period for the stated Objects beyond the estimated period, at the discretion of our management. For further details, see “Objects of the Offer” beginning on page 94 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_17. Our Company, its Promoters and Directors are party to certain legal proceedings. Any adverse outcome in such proceedings may have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Our Company, Promoters and Directors are currently involved in certain legal proceedings in India which are pending at different levels of adjudication before the concerned authority/ forum, details whereof are as follows: 

38 



|**Sr.**<br>**No.**|**Outstanding Litigations**|**No.**<br>**of**<br>**Outstanding**<br>**Matters**|**Financial**<br>**implications to the**<br>**extent quantifiable**<br>**(Rs. in Lakhs)***|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|_Against our Company_|||
||a. Tax Proceedings|||
||i.<br>Direct Tax|1|2.70|
||ii.<br>Indirect Tax|6|176.27|
|2.|_By our Company_|||
||a. Civil Proceedings|1|1,095.00|
||b. Criminal Proceedings|2|_Not ascertainable_|
|3.|_Against our Directors_ (_other than Promoters_)|||
||a. Tax Proceedings|||
||i.<br>Direct taxproceeding|2|0.60|
|4.|_Against our Promoter_|||
||a. Tax Proceedings|||
||i.<br>Direct Tax|1|1.25|
|5.|_By our Promoter_|||
||a. Criminal Proceedings|1|_Not ascertainable_|



_* To the extent quantifiable, excluding interest and penalty thereon._ 

We cannot assure you that these proceedings will be decided in favour of our Company, Promoters or Directors, as the case may be. Any adverse decision in such proceedings may render us liable to penalties and may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and financial condition. Additionally, during the course of our business we are subject to risk of litigation in relation to contractual obligations, employment and labour law related, personal injury and property damage, etc. 

For further information, please see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” beginning on page 293 of this RHP. 

**_18. We may not be able to identify or effectively respond to evolving preferences, expectations or trends in a timely manner, and a failure to derive the desired benefits from our product development efforts may impact our competitiveness and profitability._** 

The success of our business depends in part on our ability to anticipate, identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in demographics and preferences, customer expectations, needs and demands, and develop new/ products to meet these requirements. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, and other trends that affect demographic and end- customer preferences in a variety of our adhesives categories. 

We cannot assure you that our future product development initiatives will be successful or be completed within the anticipated period or budget, or that our newly developed or improvised products will achieve wide market acceptance from our distributors. Even if these products have been successfully developed, there is no guarantee that they will be accepted by our distributors and achieve anticipated sales targets in a profitable manner, which may affect our ability to grow our network of distributors and gain market share. In addition, there can be no guarantee that the time and effort that we spend in developing these products would be beneficial to our Company. This could also adversely affect our ability to pursue our growth 

39 



strategy of continuing to develop niche and products to grow our market share. Further, we cannot assure you that our existing or potential competitors will not develop products that are similar or superior to our products. It is often difficult to estimate the time to market new products and there is a substantial risk that we may have to abandon a potential product that is no longer commercially viable, even after we have invested significant resources in the development of such product. If we fail in our product launching efforts, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows may be materially and adversely affected. Further, we have collaborated with third parties in the past to support some of our processes which relations have ended recently. The termination of such relationships may affect the acceptance of our products which may adversely affect our business operations, revenues and cash flows. 

Further, as we continue to grow our business by expanding our products, brand offerings and our geographic reach, maintaining quality and consistency may be more difficult and there can be no assurance that the distributors’ confidence in our brand will not diminish. Failure or any delay on our part to identify such trends, to align our business successfully and maintain quality could negatively affect our brand image, our relationship with our distributors, the rate of growth of our business, our market share and our prospects. 

# **_19. Inability to protect, strengthen and enhance our existing brand could adversely affect our business prospects and financial performance._** 

Our business reputation and the brands under which we sell products are critical to the success of our business. While we have been making consistent efforts to strengthen the brands, various factors, some of which are beyond our control, are critical for maintaining and enhancing our brand, and if not managed properly, may negatively affect our brand and reputation. These include our ability to effectively manage the quality of our products; increase brand awareness among existing and potential dealers and endcustomers; adapt our advertising and promotion efforts to emerging industry standards; and protect the intellectual property related to our brand. Please also see Risk Factor No. 26 _“We may not be able to adequately protect or continue to use our intellectual property. In addition, the use of our brands or similar trade names by third parties could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.”_ on page 44. 

Our success in marketing our existing and new products depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing marketing and media environment, including our increasing reliance on direct promotional initiatives. There can be no assurance that our marketing efforts will be successful in maintaining our brand and its perception with distributors and/ or result in increased sales in the future. Also, we may not necessarily increase or maintain our sales promotion spends in proportion to our growth in the future, which may result in limited marketing initiatives. Our inability to adapt to evolving marketing trends at the same pace as our competitors may adversely affect our ability to effectively compete in terms of our brand equity. 

Our brands could also be negatively impacted if we fail to maintain our established standards of service, or if our products fail to meet the expectation of our distributors and appliers that distribute and use our products. Any allegations of deterioration in product quality even when false or unfounded, could tarnish the image of our brands and may cause our distributors, appliers and end-customers to choose other competing products. Any negative publicity regarding us, our brands, our products or the adhesives industry generally could adversely affect our reputation and our results of operations. In addition, counterfeit products, product defects, and ineffective promotional activities are all potential threats to the image and potency of our brand. Our failure to develop, maintain and enhance our brand may result in decreased revenue and loss of customers, and in turn adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

# **_20. We engage in a highly competitive business and any failure to effectively compete could have a material adverse effect on us._** 

The Indian consumer adhesives market is primarily dominated by Pidilite Industries Ltd. that has an aggregate market share of 60-65%, as the industry presents significant entry barriers (Source: CRISIL 

40 



Research). These market entry barriers include the development of an extensive distribution network through long-term relationships with distributors as well as significant marketing costs and the establishment of a distinct brand to gain product acceptance. We compete on the basis of the strength of our products, distribution network and brand recognition. As a result, to remain competitive in our markets, we must continuously strive to manufacture products, expand our distribution network, enhance our brand and improve our operating efficiencies. 

Each product category has several organised as well as unorganised players, with organised players commanding over 75% of the market (Source: CRISIL Research). Our competitors, therefore, also include companies that have established their presence in specific regions. These competitors may limit our opportunity to increase our market share as a result of a stronger distributor network in such regions and may also compete with us on pricing of products. We may also face competition from new entrants in the market, who may be leveraging the goodwill generated from their other businesses to gain market share in the adhesives industry. Similarly, consolidation in the Indian adhesives industry and an increase in the number of larger competitors may also adversely affect our results of operations. As adhesives manufacturers consolidate and become larger, they gain access to a larger base of distributors and appliers, resulting in greater competition, which may lead to lower margins and adversely affect our results of operations. 

Some of our competitors may have larger business operations, may be diversified with operations across India, may have greater financial resources than we do, may have access to a cheaper cost of capital and may be able to produce adhesives more efficiently or invest larger amounts of capital into their businesses in terms of strengthening their brands and expanding their distribution networks. Our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to compete with our competitors and sell adhesives at competitive prices. For example, if any of our competitors strengthens their brand and caters to the markets we are present in through products, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted. Our competitors may also introduce new and more competitive products and strengthen their supply chain management, make strategic acquisitions or establish relationships among themselves or with third parties, including appliers/ distributors of our products, thereby increasing their ability to address the needs of our target customers. An inability to effectively compete in terms of branding, providing competitive and products or services or expand into new markets, could have a material negative effect on our business, financial condition and growth prospects. 

# **_21. Our Restated Financial Statements disclose certain contingent liabilities which if materialize, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operation._** 

As of September 30, 2021, our contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37 - Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets, were as follows: 

# **<u>Contingent Liabilities</u>** 

||<br>**_(R_**|**_s. in Lakhs)_**|
|---|---|---|
|**Sr. No.**|**Particulars**|**As**<br>**at**<br>**September**<br>**30, 2021**|
|1.|Letter of comfort issued to banks|<br>-|
|2.|Claim against the companynot acknowledged as debt||
|(i)|Tax matter dispute under appeal(MVAT& CST)*|144.30|
|(ii)|Income Tax matter dispute under appeal(AY 14-15)|2.70|
|(iii)|Others–Uncrystallized effect of Bank Guarantees given by company to<br>DC, Central Excise Anti-evasionwing,Mumbai<sup>#</sup>|51.25|
|(iv)|Demand raised against short duty paid Under Sec. 11A(10) of Central<br>Excise Act,1944(Appeal Filed In Tribunal,AppealNo.E/86416/2021)|2.06|
||**_Total_**|**_200.31_**|



_*Amount paid under protest Rs. 15.87 Lacs included in Other Non-current Assets_ 

41 



_# Company has already settled the Excise duty dues under Sab Ka Vishwas Scheme in FY 2019-20._ 

# **<u>Commitments</u>** 

|||**_(Rs. in Lakhs)_**|
|---|---|---|
|**Sr. No.**|**Particulars**|**As at September 30, 2021**|
|1.|Estimated amount of Contracts remaining to be executed<br>onCapital account and notprovided for|<br>-|
|(i)|Towards Property,Plant&Equipment|286.97|
|(ii)|Towards Intangible Assets|-|
||**_Total _**|**_286.97_**|



If a significant portion of these liabilities materialize, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. For further information on our contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37, see _“Restated Financial Statements – Annexure XXIX – Restated Contingent Liabilities and Commitments”_ beginning on page 255 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_22. Any unscheduled or prolonged disruption of our manufacturing operations could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Any unscheduled or prolonged disruption of our manufacturing operations, including power failure, fire and unexpected mechanical failure of equipment, obsolescence, labour disputes, strikes, lock-outs, earthquakes and other natural disasters, industrial accidents or any significant social, political or economic disturbances, or infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could reduce our ability to manufacture our products and adversely affect sales and revenues from operations in such period. The production activities at our manufacturing facility were halted during the period March 22, 2020 to April 16, 2020 which resulted in our production capacity being unutilized for the said period. The occurrence of any such incidents could also result in a destruction of certain assets and adversely affect our results of operations. Any such disruption may interrupt our operations, which may interfere with manufacturing process, requiring us to either stop our operations or repeat activities that may involve additional time and increase our costs. In particular, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, operations at our manufacturing facility were temporary suspended in the month of April 2020 owing to the lockdown imposed by the Government, and we subsequently resumed operations in a phased manner in May 2020. Further, in the first quarter of Fiscal 2022 there were market disruptions due to restrictions imposed by state governments on account of COVID-19 which impacted our revenues. Our distributors rely on the timely delivery of our products and our ability to provide an uninterrupted supply of our products is critical to our business. Although we take precautions to minimize the risk of any significant operational problems at our manufacturing facilities, our distributor relationships, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, may be adversely affected by any disruption of operations at our manufacturing facilities, including due to any of the factors mentioned above. 

Disruptions in our manufacturing operations could delay production or require us to temporarily cease operations at our manufacturing facilities. We may be subject to manufacturing disruptions due to contraventions by us of any of the conditions of our regulatory approvals, which may require our manufacturing facilities to cease, or limit, production until the disputes concerning such approvals are resolved. As regulatory approvals are site specific, we may be unable to transfer manufacturing activities to another location immediately. Similarly, there is no assurance that those of our manufacturing facilities unaffected by an interruption will have the capacity to increase their output to manufacture products for the affected manufacturing facilities, to the extent that all outstanding orders will be fulfilled in a timely manner. In the event of prolonged interruptions in the operations of our manufacturing facilities, we may have to make alternate arrangements for supplies and products in order to meet our production requirements, which could affect our profitability. 

42 



# **_23. We are dependent on third-party transportation providers for the supply of raw materials and delivery of our finished products._** 

Our success depends on the supply and transport of the various raw materials required for our manufacturing facilities and of our finished products from our manufacturing facilities to our depots and further to our distributors, which are subject to various uncertainties and risks. We use third-party freight and transportation providers for the delivery of our products to distributors. We maintain marine cargo open insurance policy to cover any damage to our products during transit. Transportation strikes, if any, could have an adverse effect on supplies and deliveries to and from our distributors and suppliers. Further, on account of the COVID-19 pandemic, our manufacturing operations were shut down and our third-party transportation providers’ operations were also closed during the lockdown imposed by the Government. 

In addition, raw materials and finished products may be lost or damaged in transit for various reasons including occurrence of accidents or natural disasters. There may also be a delay in delivery of raw materials and products which may also affect our business and results of operations negatively. Our average stock of finished goods for the Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021 and six months periods ended September 30, 2020 and 2021 was Rs. 437.65 Lakhs, Rs. 801.09 Lakhs, Rs. 1356.50 Lakhs, Rs. 977.54 Lakhs and Rs. 1690.96 Lakhs respectively and raw material for the Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021 and six months periods ended September 30, 2020 and 2021 was Rs. 655.27 Lakhs, Rs. 821.28 Lakhs, Rs. 1058.63 Lakhs, Rs. 901.77 Lakhs and Rs. 1421.38 Lakhs respectively. In the event we fail to maintain a sufficient volume of raw materials and delivery of such materials to us is delayed, we may be unable to meet distributor orders in a timely manner or at all, which could result in the distributor’s inability to meet end-customer orders. Any such inability may result in loss of sales opportunities that our competitors may capitalize on, thereby adversely affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Any compensation received from insurers or third-party transportation providers may be insufficient to cover the cost of any delays and will not repair damage to our relationships with our affected distributors We may also be affected by an increase in fuel costs, as it will have a corresponding impact on freight charges levied by our third-party transportation providers. Our freight and forwarding charges were ₹ 27.42 Lakhs, ₹ 28.94 Lakhs, ₹ 53.75 Lakhs, ₹ 12.46 Lakhs and ₹ 37.46 Lakhs in Fiscal 2019, 2020 and 2021 and six months periods ended September 30, 2020 and 2021 respectively. This could require us to expend considerable resources in addressing our distribution requirements, including by way of absorbing these excess freight charges to maintain our selling price, which could adversely affect our results of operations or passing these charges on to our customers, which could adversely affect demand for our products. 

# **_24. Our business is working capital intensive. If we experience insufficient cash flows from our operations or are unable to borrow to meet our working capital requirements, it may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our business requires significant amount of working capital primarily as a considerable amount of time passes between purchase of raw materials and collection of receivables post sales to customers. As a result, we are required to maintain sufficient stock at all times in order to meet manufacturing requirements as well as extend credit period to customers as per the industry practice, thus increasing our storage and working capital requirements. Consequently, there could be situations where the total funds available may not be sufficient to fulfil our commitments and hence we may need to incur additional indebtedness in the future, or utilize internal accruals to satisfy our working capital needs. Our future success depends on our ability to continue to secure and successfully manage sufficient amounts of working capital. Further, our ability to arrange financing and the costs of capital of such financing are dependent on numerous factors, including general economic and capital market conditions and the effect of events such as the COVID-19 pandemic, credit availability from banks, investor confidence, the continued success of our operations and other laws that are conducive to our raising capital in this manner. For instance, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, some of our distributors had requested for modifications to their payment terms, which temporarily increased our cash flow requirements. 

43 

uP? 



tee 







trademarks transferred / transmitted from M/s. HP International in favour of our Company. Out of the trademarks owned by us, one trademark namely ‘Neobond’ under class 1 is disputed. Further, in the past 13 of our applications have been rejected out of which 4 have been re-applied. We cannot assure you that our applications for registration / transfer / transmission of our logo and brands will be granted by the relevant authorities in a timely manner or at all. Our logo and other brands are significant to our business and operations. The use of our logo or other brands by third parties could adversely affect our reputation which could, in turn, adversely affect our business and results of operations.  In the event our application is rejected by trademarks registry, our business, financial condition results of operation and cash flows would be adversely affected. Obtaining, protecting and defending intellectual property rights can be time consuming and expensive and may require us to incur substantial costs, including the diversion of the time and resources of management and technical personnel. 

Further, while we endeavour to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of others, there can be no assurance that we will not face any intellectual property infringement claims brought by third parties that may require us to introduce changes to our operations. Any claims of infringement, regardless of merit or resolution of such claims, could force us to incur significant costs in responding to, defending and resolving such claims and may divert the efforts and attention of our management and personnel away from our business. We could be required to pay third party infringement claims. In such cases, our financial conditions and business operations may be adversely impacted. 

# **_27. We may not be able to adequately protect or continue to use our intellectual property. In addition, the use of our brands or similar trade names by third parties could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We currently sell our products in India through a network of distributors, who further distribute our products to the end-use customers. We primarily sell our adhesive products under our brand labels _inter alia_ “HP” and “Strong Weld”. We have registered certain trademarks in India (in the name of M/s. HP International) and may apply for further registrations in the future. The registration of intellectual property including trademarks is a time-consuming process and there can be no assurance that any registration applications we may pursue will be successful and that such registration will be granted to us. If we fail to register the appropriate intellectual property, or our efforts to protect relevant intellectual property prove to be inadequate, the value attached to our brand and proprietary property could deteriorate, which could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

In particular, the use of “HP” or “Strong Weld” or similar trade names by third parties may result in confusion among our customers and we are exposed to the risk that entities in India and elsewhere could pass off their products as our products, including spurious or imitation or look-alike products. For example, other manufacturers imitating our brands, and packaging design and material selling spurious products may adversely affect sale of our products, resulting in a decrease in market share due to a decrease in demand for our products. Such imitation or spurious products may not only result in loss of sales but also adversely affect the reputation of our brand and consequently our future sales and results of operations. In addition, a few of the products that we resell are manufactured by third-parties that also affix the logo of our brands on such products. As we engage with these third-party manufacturers, there can be no assurance that such third-parties will not misuse the “HP” brand or affix it on products not authorized by us. In the event of such unauthorized use, we may be compelled to pursue legal action for the protection of our brand and intellectual property, which may divert our attention and resources thereby affecting our business operations. 

Further, we protect most of our intellectual property including product and process improvements by relying on trade secret laws and confidentiality agreements. Our efforts to protect our intellectual property may not be adequate. Unauthorized parties may infringe upon or misappropriate our services or proprietary information. While our domain names cannot be copied, we may be unable to renew registration of our domain names and other parties could create an alternative domain name resembling ours that could be 

45 



passed off as our domain name. In addition, despite our efforts to comply with the intellectual property rights of others, we cannot determine with certainty whether we are infringing any existing third-party intellectual property rights which may force us to alter our processes, obtain additional licenses or cease significant portions of our operations. We may also be susceptible to claims from third- parties asserting infringement and other related claims. Regardless of their merits, such claims could materially and adversely affect our relationships with current or future distributors, result in costly litigation, delay or disrupt provision of services, divert management’s attention and resources, subject us to significant liabilities, require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements or require us to cease certain activities. Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_28. Stringent environmental, health and safety laws and regulations or stringent enforcement of existing environmental, health and safety laws and regulations may result in increased liabilities and increased capital expenditures._** 

Our operations are subject to environmental, health and safety and other regulatory and/ or statutory requirements in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We are subject to various national, state, municipal and local laws and regulations concerning environmental protection in India. Non-compliance with these laws and regulations could expose us to civil penalties, criminal sanctions and revocation of key business licenses. Environmental laws and regulations in India are becoming more stringent and the scope and extent of new environmental regulations, including their effect on our operations, cannot be predicted with any certainty. In case of any change in environmental or pollution regulations, we may be required to invest in, among other things, environmental monitoring, pollution control equipment and emissions management. 

As a consequence of unanticipated regulatory or other developments, future environmental and regulatory related expenditures may vary substantially from those currently anticipated. We cannot assure you that our costs of complying with current and future environmental laws and other regulations will not adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. In addition, we could incur substantial costs, our products could be restricted from entering certain markets and we could face other sanctions, if we were to violate or become liable under environmental laws or if our products become noncompliant with applicable regulations. Our potential exposure includes fines and civil or criminal sanctions, third-party property damage or personal injury claims and clean-up costs. The amount and timing of costs under environmental laws are difficult to predict. 

# **_29. Our manufacturing activities are dependent on the delivery of adequate and uninterrupted supply of electrical power at a reasonable cost. Any shortage or any prolonged interruption or increase in the cost of power could adversely affect our business, result of operations, financial conditions and cash flows._** 

Adequate and cost effective supply of electrical power is critical to our operations. We have our manufacturing facility in Village Narangi, Raigad, Maharashtra which depends on the delivery of an adequate supply of electrical power. We rely upon diesel generator sets to ensure continuity of operations in case of power outage. There have been no major instances of power failure in the last three years save and except the loss of power for two consecutive days in June 2020 on account of the cyclone Nisarg which however did not have any material impact on our financials. For further details, see “Our Business – Manufacturing Facility” on page 160 of this Red Herring Prospectus. There can be no assurance that electricity supplied to our existing manufacturing facility will be sufficient to meet our requirements or that we will be able to procure adequate and uninterrupted power supply in the future at a reasonable cost. If the per unit cost of electricity is increased by the state electricity board our power cost will increase. An interruption in or limited supply of electricity may result in suspension of our manufacturing operations. A prolonged suspension in production could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

46 



**_30. Inability to meet the quality standard norms prescribed by the central and state governments could result in the sales of our products being banned or suspended or becoming subject to significant compliance costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows._** 

The quality of the products being manufactured by us is open to independent verification by agencies of the central and state governments, or various other regulatory authorities. Regulatory authorities including authorities under the Legal Metrology Act, 2009, may carry out inspection of our premises, plant, equipment, machinery, manufacturing or other processes and sample checks on any material or substance in relation to our product at short notice or without notice. The government authorities could impose fines or issue us show cause notices if the samples are not in conformity with the prescribed quality norms. Failure on our part to adhere to the quality norms prescribed by the government agencies could lead to recall of those batches and/ or the products in the relevant state, or we may be liable to pay a penalty. Any such order passed by the governmental authorities could generate adverse publicity about our Company and our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_31. Improper storage, processing and handling of raw materials and finished products may cause damage to our inventory leading to an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Our inventory primarily consists of raw materials including solvents, resins and other additives and finished products. Our raw materials, manufacturing processes and finished products are susceptible to evaporation, contamination and rusting (of tin containers), if not appropriately stored, handled and processed, which may affect the quality of the finished product. In the event such a contamination is detected at the facility during quality checks, we may be required to repair the storage vessels and discard the batches resulting in a temporary suspension of manufacturing activities and lower capacity utilizations, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Improper storage may also result in higher than usual spoilage of inventory due to adverse weather conditions or longer than usual storage periods, which may also require us to incur additional expenses in replacing that portion of the inventory and/ or incur additional expenses in maintenance and improvement of our storage infrastructure, which may adversely affect our profit margins. 

**_32. Our inability to effectively manage our growth or to successfully implement our business plan and growth strategy could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

While we have experienced significant growth and have expanded our operations extensively over the years, we cannot assure you that our growth strategy will continue to be successful or that we will be able to continue to expand further, or at the same rate. The success of our business will depend greatly on our ability to effectively implement our business and growth strategy. Our growth strategy includes growing our product portfolio, strengthening our brand, deepening our penetration in existing markets and expanding our presence in select new territories and expanding our manufacturing capacities. For further information, see “Our Business – Strategies” beginning on page 150 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Our success in implementing our growth strategies may be affected by our ability to identify new market opportunities, develop products, increase our existing network of distributors and ability to adapt to changes in the Indian or international regulatory environment applicable to us. Many of these factors are beyond our control and there can be no assurance that we will succeed in implementing our strategy. Any change in government policies and regulations including any ban imposed on a particular product by the respective governments, or any duties, pre-conditions or ban imposed by countries from where we source certain raw materials may have an adverse impact on our operations. In addition, there may be delays in the anticipated timing of activities related to such growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans; increased difficulty and cost in implementing these efforts; and the incurrence of other unexpected costs associated with 

47 



operating the business. Any of these factors could adversely impact our results of operations. If, for any reason, the benefits we realize are less than our estimates or the implementation of these growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans adversely affect our operations or cost more or take longer to effectuate than we expect, or if our assumptions prove inaccurate, our results of operations may be materially adversely affected. Please also see the Risk Factor No. 1 “Our proposed capacity expansion plans relating to our manufacturing facilities are subject to the risk of unanticipated delays.” on page 29of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_33. We may be subject to unionization, work stoppages or increased labour costs, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our industry is labour intensive. The success of our operations depends on availability of labour and maintaining a good relationship with our workforce. As of September 30, 2021, we employed 364 employees across our manufacturing facility and registered and other offices. We have one trade union registered under the Trade Unions Act, 1926. In the past three years, we have experienced one labour dispute with the Trade Union which was amicably resolved through mediation. Further, we do not have any formal policy for redressal of labour disputes. Although we have not experienced any major interruption to our operations as a result of labour disputes in the recent past, there can be no assurance that we will not experience any such disruption in the future as a result of disputes or disagreements with our work force, which may adversely affect our ability to continue our business operations. We may also have to incur additional expense to train and retain skilled labour. We are also subject to a number of stringent labour laws that protect the interests of workers, including legislation that imposes financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment. There can be no assurance that we will not experience labour unrest in the future, which may delay or disrupt our operations. Any labour unrest including labour disputes, strikes and lock-outs, industrial accidents, experienced by us could directly or indirectly prevent or hinder our normal operating activities and, if not resolved in a timely manner, could lead to disruptions in our operations. In the event of any prolonged delay or disruption our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

# **_34. There have been some instances of delayed filing/ incorrect filings in the past with the Registrar of Companies which may attract penalties._** 

There have been some instances of delayed filing/ incorrect filings in the past with the Registrar of Companies including Form MSME, Form MGT-14, Form PAS-3, which may attract penalties. For instance, in one of the forms for return of allotment filed with RoC, we have wrongly recorded the consideration as ‘other than cash’ instead of ‘cash’. We are in process of taking effective steps to rectify the said error. 

Although, no regulatory action or penalty has been taken/ levied on the Company for such delays/ defaults, however, it cannot be assured that no such regulatory action or penalty will be taken/ levied in the future. Further, we cannot assure you that such non-compliances will not occur in the future. Therefore, if the concerned authorities impose monetary penalties on us or take certain punitive actions against our Company or its directors / officers in relation to the same, our business and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

# **_35. Our inability to accurately forecast demand or price for our products and manage our inventory may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our business depends on our estimate of the demand for our products from distributors. We estimate demand for our products based on market projections and past sales. If we overestimate demand, we may purchase more raw materials and manufacture more products than required. If we underestimate demand, we may manufacture fewer quantities of products than required, which could result in delayed or nonfulfilment of purchase orders resulting in loss of distributors, goodwill and business. If we under stock one or more of our products, we may not be able to obtain additional units in a timely manner, which could also adversely affect our goodwill and results of operations. In addition, if our products do not achieve 

48 



widespread acceptance or our distributors change their procurement preferences, we may be required to incur significant inventory markdowns or may not be able to sell the products at all, which would affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. As such, our inability to accurately forecast demand for our products and manage our inventory may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_36. We may be subject to significant risks and hazards when operating and maintaining our manufacturing facilities, for which our insurance coverage might not be adequate._** 

As of March 31, 2021, we operated one manufacturing facility in India. We generally perform scheduled and unscheduled maintenance and operating and other asset management services. We also sub-contract certain maintenance services to third-parties who may not perform their services adequately. Manufacturing adhesives involves handling of certain chemicals which, if not handled properly, can be hazardous. In addition to natural risks such as earthquake, flood, lightning, cyclones and wind, other hazards, such as fire, structural collapse and machinery failure are inherent risks in our operations. They can cause significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property, plant and equipment and contamination of, or damage to, the environment and may result in the suspension of operations. The occurrence of any one of these events may result in our being named as a defendant in lawsuits asserting claims for substantial damages, including for cleanup costs, personal injury and property damage and fines and/ or penalties. 

We maintain an amount of insurance protection that we consider adequate including insurance policy covering fire, damage to buildings, plant and machinery, stocks (raw materials and finished goods), vehicles and policy covering damage to stocks at our depots. We may not have identified every risk and further may not be insured against every risk because such risks are either uninsurable or not insurable on commercially acceptable terms, including operational risk that may occur and the occurrence of an event that causes losses in excess of the limits specified in our policies, or losses arising from events or risks not covered by insurance policies such as COVID-19 and other pandemics, or due to the same being inadequate, could materially harm our cash flows, financial condition and future results of operations. However, we cannot provide any assurance that our insurance will be sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which we may be subject. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. Our insurance cover for property, plant and equipment, and inventory, as of March 31, 2021 and September 30, 2021 was ₹ 4780 Lakhs and ₹ 5630.49 Lakhs respectively, while our gross block of property, plant and equipment and inventory as of March 31, 2021, was ₹ 2236.79 Lakhs and ₹ 3239.69 Lakhs respectively and as of September 30, 2021 was ₹ 2083.02 Lakhs and ₹ 3369.53 Lakhs respectively, and our total assets (including all current and non-current assets) were ₹ 8977.89 Lakhs and ₹ 10491.04 Lakhs as of March 31, 2021 and September 30, 2021 respectively. Consequently, our insurance cover as a percentage of gross block of property, plant and equipment, and inventory, was 87.28% and 96.84%, and our insurance cover as a percentage of total assets (including all current and non-current assets) was 53.24% and 53.66%, as of March 31, 2021 and September 30, 2021 respectively. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage, or successful assertion of one or more large claims against us for events for which we are not insured, or which exceeds our insurance coverage, or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, financial performance and cash flows could be adversely affected. For further information on our insurance arrangements, see “Our Business – Insurance” beginning on page 166 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_37. Restrictions on import of raw materials may adversely impact our business and results of operations._** 

We currently import a certain portion of our raw materials. Raw material imports are regulated by certain specific laws and regulations that permit concerned authorities to stop any import if it is deemed that the chemicals proposed to be imported may cause major accidents. While some raw materials we import are 

49 



hazardous in nature, we cannot assure you that such regulations will not be made applicable to us or that such regulations will not evolve into more stringent regulations, which would place onerous requirements on us and consequently restrict our ability to import raw materials. While we have not in the recent past experienced any challenges in importing such materials, we cannot assure you that we will not experience any such challenges in the future. In the event we are unable to import these materials, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in identifying alternate suppliers for raw materials or we will be able to source the raw materials at favourable terms in a timely manner or at all. Any change in law or applicable governmental policies relating to imports, change in international geo-political situations, restriction on import of raw materials could have an adverse effect on our ability to deliver products to our distributors, business and results of operations. 

**_38. Some of our manufacturing facility, offices and depots are located on licensed or rented or leasehold premises. If these leave and license or leasehold or rent agreements are terminated or not renewed on terms acceptable to us, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Our Registered Office, administrative office and manufacturing facility are located on premises that we have taken on rental/ leasehold/ leave and license basis from our Promoters. In addition, some of our depots are also located on rental premises. Our factory land is owned by our Promoters and the structures standing thereon are in the name of our Company. We typically enter into rent/ lease/ leave & licence agreements of varying terms for our depots with an option to renew such term. The factory land has been taken by our Company on leave and license basis for a tenure of 36 months with an option to renew for a further period of 24 months. We may not be able to renew or extend these agreements at commercially acceptable terms, or at all. Further, we may be required to re-negotiate rent or other terms and conditions of such agreements. We may also be required to vacate the premises at short notice as prescribed in the lease agreements, and we may not be able to identify and obtain possession of an alternate location, in a short period of time. Occurrence of any of the above events may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Further, any adverse impact on the ownership rights of our landlords may impede our effective future operations. Further, our leave and license and rent agreements shall expire in due course and in case of non-renewal of our licenses or rent agreements or if such agreements are renewed on unfavorable terms and conditions, we may be forced to procure alternative space. We do not have any right to buy the land first and may also face the risk of being evicted in the event of any dispute or if our landlords allege a breach on our part of any terms under these leave and license/ rent agreements and there is no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable locations to re-locate our operations. 

# **_39. Certain agreements may be inadequately stamped or may not have been registered or may not have necessary disclosure as a result of which our operations may be adversely affected._** 

A few of our agreements such as those relating to immovable properties, may not be stamped adequately or registered or may not have the necessary disclosures. The effect of inadequate stamping is that the document is not admissible as evidence in legal proceedings and parties to that agreement may not be able to legally enforce the same, except after paying a penalty for inadequate stamping. The effect of nonregistration of documents required to be registered, is that such document will not have any effect on the property or be eligible to be received as evidence in legal proceedings. Any potential dispute due to noncompliance of local laws relating to stamp duty and registration may adversely impact the operations of our Company. 

**_40. We are dependent on our Promoters, Directors, and a number of key managerial personnel, and the loss of or our inability to attract or retain such persons could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows._** 

We are dependent on our Promoters, Directors and key managerial personnel for setting our strategic business direction and managing our business. Certain of our Promoters, being Directors of our Company 

50 



and several of our key managerial personnel have extensive experience in the adhesives sector. Our ability to meet continued success and future business challenges depends on our ability to attract, recruit and retain experienced, talented and skilled professionals. Without a sufficient number of skilled employees, our operations and manufacturing quality could suffer. Our experienced sales team has also developed a number of distributor relationships that would be difficult to replace. Our attrition rate at the manufacturing facility was 93%, 93%, 167% and 22% for the FY 2019, 2020 and 2021 and six months period ended September 30, 2021, respectively which is primarily in the labour category and for the employees at registered office, administration office, depots and those part of the sales team it was 20%, 26%, 27% and 18% in the FY 2019, 2020 and 2021 and six months period ended September 30, 2021 respectively.  We may experience similar attrition rates in the future. A significant increase in the attrition rate among skilled employees could decrease our operating efficiency and productivity and could lead to a decline in the profitability of our Company. Competition for qualified technical personnel and operators as well as sales personnel with established distributor relationships is intense, both in retaining our existing employees and when replacing or finding additional suitable employees. If we cannot hire additional qualified personnel or retain them, our ability to expand our business will be impacted. 

We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting and retaining suitable employees. The loss of the services of our key personnel or our inability to recruit or train a sufficient number of experienced personnel or our inability to manage the attrition levels in different employee categories may have an adverse effect on our financial results and business prospects. 

# **_41. An inability to renew quality accreditations in a timely manner or at all, or any deficiencies in the quality of our products may give rise to product liability claims and adversely affect our business prospects and financial performance._** 

We obtain and maintain quality certifications and accreditations from independent certification entities and also comply with prescribed specifications and standards of quality approved by the Government in connection with the products we manufacture. Such specifications and standards of quality is an important factor in the success and wide acceptability of our products. If we fail to comply with applicable quality standards or if the relevant accreditation institute or agency declines to certify our products, or if we are otherwise unable to obtain such quality accreditations in the future, in a timely manner or at all, our business prospects and financial performance will be materially and adversely affected. 

Further, if our products are alleged or found to be defective, we may be subject to product liability claims. There could be instances in which our products do not meet the specifications. We have from time to time encountered certain claims with respect to the quality of our products. While we have not been required to recall our products and have resolved these claims amicably, we may be subject to product liability claims and litigation for compensation in the future which could result in substantial and unexpected expenditure and could materially and adversely affect our cash flow and operating results. Further, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully defend such claims. If any such claims against us are ultimately successful, we could be required to pay substantial damages, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Moreover, product failures or defects and any complaints or negative publicity, could result in a decrease in our sales. Even if certain of the product defects are attributable to raw materials supplied by our suppliers, we cannot guarantee that we would be able to recover all or part of the damages by claiming against our suppliers. 

# **_42. Some of our records are not traceable._** 

In the past, certain statutory records and registers required to be maintained by our Company have not been maintained in the manner as required under various applicable laws including the environmental laws, labour laws and certain other industry specific laws. Despite conducting searches of our internal records, we have not been able to trace the registers and documents required to be maintained under the Employees’ State Insurance Act, Employees’ Provident Fund Act, Professions Tax Act, Minimum Wages Act, Payment 

51 



of Wages Act, Contract Labour Regulations, Payment of Bonus Act and other labour laws for the periods prior to April 2020. 

Further, we cannot assure you that our Company has maintained the statutory records in the proper manner or at all, in the past, as required under the Factories Act, Industrial Disputes Act. While no legal proceedings or regulatory action has been initiated against our Company in relation to such statutory records as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we cannot assure you that such legal proceedings or regulatory actions will not be initiated against our Company in future. Although no regulatory action/ litigation is pending against us in this regard, we cannot assure you that we will not be subject to penalties imposed by regulatory authorities in this respect. 

# **_43. Fluctuations in the average selling prices of adhesives could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

The average selling prices of our products may be subject to fluctuations depending on the market conditions. The average selling prices of our products are affected by the general market conditions, such as pricing by competition and raw material costs, which could have an impact on the businesses of our distributors and, in turn, their demand for our products. An inflexible pricing policy may result in reduction in sales because of reduced price competitiveness. While, we have not experienced any material fluctuation in our average selling prices, we cannot assure you that we will not experience declining average selling prices for our products or that our average selling prices can remain at the same level in the future. A decline in the average selling prices for our products could adversely affect our business and financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 

**_44. Any downgrading of our credit rating by a domestic or international credit rating agency may increase interest rates for our future borrowings, which would increase our cost of borrowings, and adversely affect our ability to borrow on a competitive basis._** 

Care Ratings Limited has on November 12, 2021 assigned CARE BBB-; Outlook: Stable rating for the long-term bank facilities and CARE A3 rating for the short-term bank facilities of our Company. 

Our credit rating may be downgraded in the future due to various factors, including factors which may be outside our control. Any future downgrade of our credit ratings may increase interest rates for refinancing our borrowings, which would increase our cost of borrowings, and may have an adverse effect on our future issuances of debt and our ability to borrow on a competitive basis. Further, any downgrade in our credit ratings may also trigger an event of default or acceleration of repayment of certain of our borrowings. If any of these risks materialise, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_45. Uncertainty regarding the manufacturing industry, housing and other real estate market, economic conditions and other factors beyond our control could adversely affect demand for our products and services, our costs of doing business and our financial performance._** 

Our financial performance depends significantly on the manufacturing industries, on the stability of the real estate, as well as general economic conditions, including changes in gross domestic product. Adverse conditions in or uncertainty about these markets or the economy could adversely impact our end-customers’ confidence or financial condition, causing them to determine not to purchase home improvement products and services or delay purchasing or payment for those products and services. The state of the credit markets, including mortgages and consumer credit and other conditions beyond our control, could further adversely affect demand for our products and services, our costs of doing business and our financial performance. Any slowdown in these industries and economy is a major risk for the adhesives industry. 

**_46. We have in this Red Herring Prospectus included certain Non-GAAP Measures and certain other industry measures related to our operations and financial performance. These Non-GAAP_** 

52 



**_Measures and industry measures may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across the Indian adhesives industry, and therefore may not be comparable with financial or industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other companies._** 

Certain Non-GAAP Measures and certain other industry measures relating to our operations and financial performance have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. We compute and disclose such NonGAAP Measures and such other industry related statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance as we consider such information to be useful measures of our business and financial performance, and because such measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and others to evaluate the operational performance of Indian adhesives manufacturing companies, many of which provide such Non-GAAP Measures and other industry related statistical and operational information. Such supplemental financial and operational information is therefore of limited utility as an analytical tool, and investors are cautioned against considering such information either in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our audited financial statements as reported under applicable accounting standards disclosed elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

These Non-GAAP Measures and such other industry related statistical and other information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by generally accepted accounting principles, and therefore may not be comparable to financial measures and industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other manufacturing companies. For further information, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Non-GAAP Measures” beginning on page 275 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_47. Our Promoters will continue to retain majority shareholding in the Company after the Offer, which will allow them to exercise significant influence over us and potentially create conflicts of interest._** 

As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters hold approximately 95.31% of the pre- Offer paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company and will continue to hold [●]% of the post- Offer paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. Accordingly, our Promoters will continue to exercise significant influence over our business policies and affairs and all matters requiring shareholders’ approval, including the composition of our Board, the adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation, the approval of mergers, strategic acquisitions or joint ventures or the sales of substantially all of our assets, and the policies for dividends, lending, investments and capital expenditures. This concentration of ownership also may delay, defer or even prevent a change in control of our Company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of these stockholders. The interests of the Promoters as our controlling shareholder could conflict with our interests or the interests of its other shareholders. Our Promoters shall abide by the provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and protect the interest of the Company. However, in case of any conflict of interest our Promoters shall keep the interest of the Company first over their personal interest, we cannot assure you that the Promoters will act to resolve any conflicts of interest in our favour. 

# **_48. Any failure or disruption of our information technology systems could adversely impact our business and operations._** 

Our business is dependent upon increasingly complex and interdependent information technology systems, including internet-based systems, to support business processes as well as internal and external communications. For instance, we have implemented an accounting and CRM software across our offices and manufacturing facility, to handle sales, purchase, inventory and financial reporting. The complexity of our computer systems may make us potentially vulnerable to breakdown, malicious intrusion and computer viruses. Our Company does not have any formal data security policy. While we have not experienced any 

53 



disruptions to our information technology systems in the past or breach in Company’s database in last three years, we cannot assure you that we will not encounter disruptions in the future. Any such disruption may result in the loss of key information or disruption of our business processes, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, our systems are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches, whether by employees or others that may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. 

# **_49. Changes in technology may affect our business by making our manufacturing facility or equipment less competitive._** 

Our profitability and competitiveness are to a certain extent dependent on our ability to respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis. Changes in technology may make newer generation manufacturing equipment more competitive than ours or may require us to make additional capital expenditures to upgrade our manufacturing facility. Our inability to continue to invest in new and more advanced technologies and equipment, may result in our inability to respond to emerging industry standards and practices in a cost-effective and timely manner that is competitive with other adhesives manufacturing companies and other methods of manufacturing. The development and implementation of such technology entails technical and business risks. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully implement new technologies or adapt our processing systems to emerging industry standards. If we are unable to adapt in a timely manner to changing market conditions or technological changes, our business and financial performance could be adversely affected. 

# **_50. We may undertake strategic acquisitions or investments, which may prove to be difficult to integrate and manage or may not be successful._** 

In the future, we may consider making strategic acquisitions of other adhesive manufacturing companies or other companies whose resources, capabilities and strategies are complementary to and are likely to increase our product portfolio and expand our distribution network. We may also enter into strategic alliances or joint ventures to explore such opportunities or make significant investments in entities that we do not control to capitalize on such business opportunities and there can be no assurance that such strategic alliances, joint ventures or investments will be successful. 

It is also possible that we may not identify suitable acquisition or investment candidates or that if we do identify suitable candidates, we may not complete those transactions on terms commercially acceptable to us or at all. The inability to identify suitable acquisition targets or investments or the inability to complete such transactions may adversely affect our competitiveness or our growth prospects. 

If we acquire another company we could face difficulty in integrating the acquired operations. In addition, the key personnel of the acquired company may decide not to work for us. These difficulties could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and employees and increase our expenses. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve the strategic purpose of such acquisition or operational integration or our targeted return on investment. 

# **_51. We have issued Equity Shares at prices that may be lower than the Offer Price in the last 12 months._** 

We have issued and allotted (i) 11,77,642 Equity Shares on rights basis on May 07, 2021; and (ii) 57,305 Equity Shares on rights basis on June 10, 2021, at prices which may be lower than the Offer Price. For – further details, please see “Capital Structure – Notes to the Capital Structure Equity Share capital history of our Company” beginning on page 82 of this Red Herring Prospectus . 

54 



**_52. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the equity shareholders._** 

We have in the past entered into transactions with certain enterprises over which our Directors have a significant influence. While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, we cannot assure you that we might have obtained more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. 

Our Promoters shall abide by the provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and protect the interest of the Company and in case of any conflict of interest, shall keep the interest of our Company first over their personal interest. For further information on our related party transactions, please see “Restated Financial Statement – Related Party Transactions” beginning on page 202 of this Red Herring Prospectus. We cannot assure you that any such future transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will always be in the best interests of our minority shareholders and will not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_53. Industry information included in this Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from an industry report commissioned by us for such purpose. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical, financial and other industry information is either complete or accurate._** 

We have availed the services of an independent third-party research agency, CRISIL Limited, to prepare an industry report titled “Assessment of the Adhesives and Sealants market in India” dated November 2021, for purposes of inclusion of such information in this Red Herring Prospectus. This report is subject to various limitations and based upon certain assumptions that are subjective in nature. Although we believe that the data may be considered to be reliable, the accuracy, completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed and dependability cannot be assured. We have taken reasonable care in the reproduction of the information. Further, there is no assurance that such information is stated or compiled on the same basis or with the same degree of accuracy as may be the case elsewhere. In addition, statements from such third parties that involve estimates are subject to change, and actual amounts may differ materially from those included in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_54. If we are subject to any frauds, theft, or embezzlement by our employees, suppliers, contractors or distributors, it could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our operations may be subject to incidents of theft. We may also encounter some inventory loss on account of employee/ contractor/ distributor/ vendor fraud, theft, or embezzlement. Although we have set up various security measures in our manufacturing facility such as deployment of security guards and operational processes such as periodic stock taking, there can be no assurance that we will not experience any fraud, theft, employee negligence, loss in transit or similar incidents in the future, which could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 

**_55. We face foreign exchange risks that could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows._** 

We have foreign currency payables for supply of certain raw materials and equipment and are therefore, exposed to foreign exchange risk between the Indian Rupee and U.S. Dollars and other foreign currencies, if applicable. There can be no assurance that we will be able to avoid the effect of any adverse fluctuations in the value of the Indian Rupee against other relevant foreign currencies. Any significant fluctuation in the value of the Indian Rupee against such currencies may adversely affect our results of operations. Any appreciation of foreign currencies against the Indian Rupee may result in reduction of our margins and consequently have an adverse effect on business and result of operations. 

55 



**_56. Certain Promoters, also being the executive Directors of our Company, hold Equity Shares in our Company and are therefore interested in the Company’s performance in addition to their remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Certain of our Promoters, also being the executive Directors of our Company, are interested in our Company, in addition to their remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses, to the extent of their shareholding in our Company. Our Promoters shall abide by the provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and protect the interest of the Company. However, in case of any conflict of interest our Promoters shall keep the interest of our Company first over their personal interest, we cannot assure you that they will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. Our Promoters and Directors may take or block actions with respect to our business which may conflict with the best interests of our Company or that of minority shareholders. For further information on the interest of our Promoters and Directors of our Company, other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or remuneration or benefits, please see the chapters titles “Our Management” and “Our Promoters and Promoter Group” beginning on pages 179 and 195, respectively, of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_57. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

We have not declared dividend in the past. For further information, see “Dividend Policy” on page 201 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. The declaration and payment of dividends will be recommended by the Board of Directors and approved by the Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act. We may retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of the business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board in accordance with the dividend distribution policy adopted by our Board on July 07, 2021 and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our Company’s profitability, capital requirements, financial commitments and requirements, including business and expansions plans, applicable legal restrictions and any other financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. Accordingly, realization of a gain on Shareholders’ investments will depend on the appreciation of the price of the Equity Shares. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will appreciate in value. 

# **<u>RISKS RELATING TO INDIA</u>** 

# **_58. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia, Russia and elsewhere in the world in recent years has adversely affected the Indian economy. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby negatively affect the Indian economy. Financial disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on our principal markets. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. 

56 



Following the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union (“ **Brexit** ”), there remains significant uncertainty around the terms of their future relationship with the European Union and, more generally, as to the impact of Brexit on the general economic conditions in the United Kingdom and the European Union and any consequential impact on global financial markets. For example, Brexit could give rise to increased volatility in foreign exchange rate movements and the value of equity and debt investments. 

In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy as well as a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term effect of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. Any significant financial disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation, and cash flows. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_59. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or outbreak of global pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war in India or globally may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_60. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located elsewhere, including India. Adverse economic developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficit, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 

We are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in which we operate. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. 

57 



Demand for our products may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional and global economies. Economic growth in the countries in which we operate is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements namely export demand and movements in key imports, global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall which affects agricultural production. Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Also, a change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could adversely affect economic conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular and high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our revenues, and as such decrease our operating margins. 

# **_61. Majority of our revenue is derived from business in India and a slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer and could adversely affect our results of operations._** 

We derive a majority of our revenue from our operations in India, accordingly, our performance and the growth of our business are necessarily dependent on the health of the overall Indian economy. A slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect the policy of the Government of India towards our industry, which may in turn adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to implement our business strategy. 

The Indian economy’s growth momentum took a back seat in Fiscals 2020 and 2021 as compared to previous years on account of the pandemic COVID-19. According to the Indian Central Statistics Organization, India’s real GDP growth decreased from 4.2% in the Financial Year 2020 to -7.3% in the Financial Year 2021. As per various sources, the Indian economy has slowed further in Fiscal 2021. The Indian economy is also influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market conditions in Asia. A loss of investor confidence in other emerging market economies or any worldwide financial instability may adversely affect the Indian economy, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations and the market price of the Equity Shares. Any slowdown in the Indian economy or future volatility in global markets could increase in our borrowing costs, result in freeze in lending generally, thereby adversely affecting our business. Additionally, an increase in trade deficit, a downgrading in India’s sovereign debt rating or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively affect interest rates and liquidity, which could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business. Any downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India could also adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

Further, India’s economy could be adversely affected by a general rise in interest rates, adverse weather conditions affecting agriculture, commodity and energy prices as well as various other factors. A slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect the policy of the Government of India towards our banking and finance industry, which may in turn adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to implement our business strategy. 

India has from time to time experienced instances of social, religious and civil unrest and hostilities between neighbouring countries. Military activity or terrorist attacks in the future could influence the Indian economy by disrupting communications and making travel more difficult and such political tensions could create a greater perception that investments in Indian companies involve higher degrees of risk. Events of this nature in the future, as well as social and civil unrest within other countries in Asia, could influence the Indian economy. A number of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to contagious diseases and, for example, have had confirmed cases of diseases such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID-19 virus. 

Other factors which may adversely affect the Indian economy are scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing of our 

58 



developments and expansions; volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on India’s principal stock exchanges; changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies, like political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; occurrence of natural or man-made disasters; infectious disease outbreaks or other serious public health concerns; prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; and other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India. 

# **_62. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as Indian GAAP, U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which investors may be more familiar with and may consider material to their assessment of our financial condition._** 

Our Restated Financial Statements as at and for the six months period ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 and financial year ended March 31, 2021 have been derived from our audited financial statements as at and for the six months period ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 and year ended March 31, 2021 prepared in accordance with Ind AS, and our audited financial statements as at and for the years ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 prepared in accordance with Indian GAAP and restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the ICAI Guidance Note. 

Ind AS differs in certain significant respects from Indian GAAP, IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. If our Restated Financial Statements were to be prepared in accordance with such other accounting principles, our results of operations, cash flows and financial position may be substantially different. Prospective investors should review the accounting policies applied in the preparation of our Restated Financial Statements and consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between these accounting principles and those with which they may be more familiar. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

# **_63. If there is any change in laws or regulations, including taxation laws, or their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect our financial statements._** 

Any change in Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. Any future amendments may affect our benefits such as exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemption for interest received in respect of tax free bonds, and longterm capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. 

In addition, we are subject to tax related inquiries and claims. We may be particularly affected by claims from tax authorities on account of income tax assessment, service tax, past claims of central excise, state VAT, and GST that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into one unified rate of interest with effect from July 1, 2017. For further information on litigations arising out of such claims, see “Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments” beginning on page 293 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Further, the Government of India has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2022, pursuant to which the Finance Act, 2021 (“ **Finance Act** ”), wherein a few sections have become effective from April 01, 2021 and the remaining shall come into force as and when may be notified by the Central Government, has introduced various amendments. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2021 may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require 

59 



management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. 

# **_64. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Further, unless specifically restricted, foreign investment is freely permitted in all sectors of the Indian economy up to any extent and without any prior approvals, but the foreign investor is required to follow certain prescribed procedures for making such investment. The RBI and the concerned ministries/ departments are responsible for granting approval for foreign investment. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a noobjection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. 

In addition, pursuant to the Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the DPIIT, which has been incorporated as the proviso to Rule 6(a) of the FEMA Rules, investments where the beneficial owner of the Equity Shares is situated in or is a citizen of a country which shares land border with India, can only be made through the Government approval route, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy dated October 15, 2020 and the FEMA Rules. These investment restrictions shall also apply to subscribers of offshore derivative instruments. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained with or without any particular terms or conditions or at all. 

We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For further information, see _“Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities”_ on page 359. 

# **_65. A downgrade in ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

60 



# **_66. Adverse geopolitical conditions such as increased tensions between India and China, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Adverse geopolitical conditions such as increased tensions between India and China resulting in any military conflict in the region could adversely affect our business and operations. Such events may lead to countries imposing restrictions on the import or export of products or raw materials, among others, and affect our ability to procure raw materials required for our manufacturing operations. We could also be affected by the introduction of import tariffs in India, or in the countries to which we export our products, or changes in trade agreements between countries. 

# **_67. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us, our Directors, the Book Running Lead Manager or any of their directors and executive officers in India respectively, except by way of a law suit in India._** 

We are incorporated under the laws of India and all of our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel reside in India. All of our assets are also located in India. Where investors wish to enforce foreign judgments in India, they may face difficulties in enforcing such judgments. India exercises reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions. In order to be enforceable, a judgment obtained in a jurisdiction which India recognises as a reciprocating territory must meet certain requirements of the Civil Procedure Code, 1908 (the “ **CPC** ”). 

India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13, 14 and Section 44A of the CPC on a statutory basis. Section 44A of the CPC provides that where a certified copy of a decree of any superior court, within the meaning of that Section, obtained in any country or territory outside India which the government has by notification declared to be in a reciprocating territory, may be enforced in India by proceedings in execution as if the judgment had been rendered by a district court in India. However, Section 44A of the CPC is applicable only to monetary decrees and does not apply to decrees for amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalties and does not apply to arbitration awards (even if such awards are enforceable as a decree or judgment). 

A judgment of a court of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit upon the judgment under Section 13 of the CPC, and not by proceedings in execution. Section 13 of the CPC provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated upon except: 

(i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction; (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case; (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable; (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice; (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud; and/ or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. The suit must be brought in India within three years from the date of judgment in the same manner as any other suit filed to enforce a civil liability in India. 

It cannot be assured that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it views the amount of damages awarded as excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. A party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval from the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered pursuant to the execution of such foreign judgment. 

61 



# **_68. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our products at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our clients thereby reducing our margins._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of transportation, wages, raw materials and other expenses relevant to our business. 

High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our clients, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or entirely offset any increases in costs with increases in prices for our products. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Further, the Government has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

# **_69. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time taken for such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares outside India, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

# **<u>RISKS RELATING TO THE OFFER AND THE EQUITY SHARES</u>** 

# **_70. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the preemptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction where the investors are located in do not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor's benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise preemption rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in us would be reduced. 

62 



# **_71. Rights of shareholders of companies under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Our Articles of Association, composition of our Board, Indian laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive and wide-spread as shareholders' rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

# **_72. Any future issuance of Equity Shares may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth, whether organic or inorganic, through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us (including under an employee benefit scheme) or disposal of our Equity Shares by the Promoters or any of our other principal shareholders or any other change in our shareholding structure to comply with minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India or any public perception regarding such issuance or sales may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that our existing shareholders including our Promoters will not dispose of further Equity Shares after the completion of the Offer (subject to provisions of the applicable laws) or pledge or encumber their Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of shareholder’s investment in the Equity Shares and adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. Such securities may also be issued at prices below the Offer Price. We may also issue convertible debt securities to finance our future growth or fund our business activities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. 

# **_73. Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Offer._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately five Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

# **_74. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under the current Indian tax laws and regulations, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax (“STT”) is levied both at the time of transfer and acquisition of the equity shares (unless exempted under a prescribed notification) and 

63 



collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realised on the sale of equity shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold using any other platform other than on a recognised stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, are subject to long term capital gains tax in India. Such long term capital gains exceeding ₹ 100,000 arising from the sale of listed equity shares on the stock exchange are subject to tax at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess). Unrealized capital gains earned on listed equity shares up to January 31, 2018 continue to be tax exempt in such cases. Further, STT will be levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange if the equity shares are sold on a stock exchange. With respect to capital gains arising in an off-market sale, long term capital gains are subject to tax at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) without the exemption of ₹ 100,000. Short-term capital gains, arising from the sale of such equity shares on a stock exchange would be subject to tax at the rate of 15% (plus applicable surcharge and cess), while short term capital gains arising in an off-market sale would be subject to tax at a higher rate of 40% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) in the case of foreign companies and 30% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) in the case of other non-resident taxpayers. 

The Finance Act, 2019 amended the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 with effect from July 1, 2020 and clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2019 may have on our Company’s business and operations. 

Further, any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. In cases where the seller is a non-resident, capital gains arising from the sale of the equity shares will be partially or wholly exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Additionally, the Finance Act, 2020 does not require dividend distribution tax to be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. Historically, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the equity shares. 

Our Company cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect on our Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_75. The requirements of being a publicly listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a publicly listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the Listing Regulations which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. Further, as a publicly listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of 

64 



operations, and cash flows. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

**_76. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and may experience price and volume fluctuations following the completion of the Offer, an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for our Equity Shares will develop or, if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book building process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described in the section “Basis for Offer Price” beginning on page 125. This price may not necessarily be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares after the Offer is completed. You may not be able to re-sell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer price and may as a result lose all or part of your investment. 

Our Equity Shares are expected to trade on NSE and BSE after the Offer, but there can be no assurance that active trading in our Equity Shares will develop after the Offer, or if such trading develops that it will continue. Investors may not be able to sell our Equity Shares at the quoted price if there is no active trading in our Equity Shares. 

There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past, and the trading price of our Equity Shares after this Offer could fluctuate significantly as a result of market volatility or due to various internal or external risks, including but not limited to those described in this Red Herring Prospectus. The market price of our Equity Shares may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 

- the failure of security analysts to cover the Equity Shares after this Offer, or changes in the estimates of our performance by analysts; 

- the activities of competitors and suppliers; 

- future sales of the Equity Shares by us or our shareholders; 

- investor perception of us and the industry in which we operate; 

- our quarterly or annual earnings or those of our competitors; 

- developments affecting fiscal, industrial or environmental regulations; 

- the public’s reaction to our press releases and adverse media reports; and 

- general economic conditions. 

A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

# **_77. Future sales of Equity Shares by our Promoter may adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares._** 

After the completion of the Offer, our Promoter will own, directly, more than [●]% of our outstanding Equity Shares. Upon expiry of the lock-in period provided under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, our Promoter will be eligible to sell part or all of the Equity Shares held by it. Future sales of a large number of the Equity Shares by our Promoter, either in one sale or over a series of sales, could adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares. Similarly, the perception that any such primary or secondary sale may occur could adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares. No assurance may be given that our Promoter will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future, or that the market price of the Equity Shares will not be adversely affected by any such disposal, pledge or encumbrance of their Equity Shares. 

65 



**_78. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid amount) at any stage after submitting a bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after bid/offer closing date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to block the Bid amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of equity shares or the Bid amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Similarly, Retail Individual Investors can revise or withdraw their Bids at any time during the bid/ offer period and until the Bid/ offer closing date, but not thereafter. While we are required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within six Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by the SEBI, events affecting the Investors’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events may limit the Investors’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. Therefore, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors will not be able to withdraw or lower their bids following adverse developments in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or otherwise between the dates of submission of their Bids and Allotment. 

66 

