# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in the Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making any investment decision. In addition, the risks set out in this section may not be exhaustive and additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or which we currently deem to be immaterial, may arise or may become material in the future. In order to obtain a complete understanding about us, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with the sections “Our Business” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 105 and 280, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information included in this Red Herring Prospectus. If any single risk or a combination of the following risks or other risks that are not currently known or are now deemed immaterial actually occurs, our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected, the trading price of the Equity Shares could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. The financial and other related consequences of the risk factors, wherever quantifiable, have been disclosed in the risk factors. However, the financial impact of certain risk factors is not quantifiable. You should consult your own tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of an investment in this Issue. Potential investors should note that as a non-banking financial company in India we are subject to a complex and extensive regulatory regime that may materially vary from those in other jurisdictions applicable to similar companies. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of our business and financial performance and the terms of the Issue, including the merits and the risks involved._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus may include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, and our actual financial performance may materially vary from the conditions contemplated in such forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 17._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information for Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020, and the six months ended September 30, 2019 and 2020 included herein is derived from our Restated Financial Statements, included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Financial Statements” on page 156._ 

_Our Company’s Fiscal commences on April 1 and ends on March 31 of the immediately subsequent year, and references to a particular Fiscal are to the 12 months ended March 31 of that year. Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, in this section, references to “we”, “us”, “our”, “the Company” or “our Company” refers to Indian Railway Finance Corporation Limited._ 

# **INTERNAL RISKS** 

**_1. We derive a significant amount of our revenue from operations from the Indian Railways. A loss of or reduction in business from the Indian Railways, any direct borrowing by the Indian Railways or introduction of any new avenues of funding by the Ministry of Railways, Government of India (the “MoR”) could have an adverse effect on our business._** 

We are the dedicated market borrowing arm of the Indian Railways. The vast majority of our revenue is generated from leasing Rolling Stock Assets to the Indian Railways. Lease income, interest on loans and pre commencement lease interest income together represented 99.75% and 99.87% of our total revenue from operations in Fiscal 2020 and in the six months ended September 30, 2020, respectively. Our business and revenues are substantially dependent on the policies of the MoR and operations of the Indian Railways. Any change that might affect the MoR’s ability and willingness to meet its contractual obligations under the Standard Lease Agreement entered into with us will have an adverse impact on our financial position of our Company. Further, any shift in the funding pattern of the Indian Railways, such as, reduced demand for Rolling Stock Assets or reliance on internal accruals or preference to other funding arrangements, such as, public private partnerships, will have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Any corporatization or privatization of the Indian Railways allowing the MoR to raise funds directly from banks, NBFCs and other financial institutions will also have an adverse impact on our business, results of operation and financial condition. Therefore, the overall prospects of our business is closely tied to our relationship with the MoR. We do not have any control over the GoI and its related entities, including, the MoR, or its policies and any adverse changes in the policies of the GoI may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

24 

**_2. Our business is dependent on the continued growth of the Indian railway sector, making us susceptible to the GoI initiatives to modernize the railways and other policies. Any slowdown in the growth of Indian Railways will impact our business and results of operations._** 

The Indian Railways faces significant competition in the transport sector from other means of transportation such as transport by road, sea and air. While the Indian Railways continuously looks to augment its infrastructure and undertake other necessary improvements to the railway network, competition in freight traffic from the road sector is likely to intensify further, as present projects for upgrading road networks are completed. The Indian Railways’ vulnerability to competition from other means of transportation could increase if cross-subsidies between freight and passenger fares remain at the current high levels, particularly when the road network is improving, and oil pipelines are being built. Therefore, any slowdown in the growth of the Indian railways sector and changes in the policies of, or in the level of direct or indirect support to us provided by the GoI in these or other any areas could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_3. Our ability to operate efficiently is dependent on our ability to maintain diverse sources of funds at a low cost. Any disruption in our funding sources or any inability to raise funds at a low cost could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our liquidity largely depends on timely access to and costs associated with, raising capital. Our funding requirements historically have been met through various sources including from taxable and tax-free bonds in India, term loans from banks/ financial institutions, external commercial borrowings including bonds and syndicated loans, internal accruals, asset securitization and lease financing. Our finance costs were ₹ 66,375.85 million, ₹ 81,830.62 million, ₹ 101,626.62 million and ₹ 54,409.80 million in Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020, and in the six months ended September 30, 2020, respectively. Our Cost of Borrowings was 6.82%, 7.09% and 7.27% in Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively, and 3.55% (non-annualized) in the six months ended September 30, 2020. As we are fundamentally dependent upon funding from the debt markets and commercial borrowings, our ability to continue to obtain funds from the debt markets and through commercial borrowings on acceptable terms and our ability to access new sources of funding, markets or investors, is dependent on various factors, such as, our ability to maintain our existing credit ratings, which are based on several factors, many of which are outside our control, including the economic conditions in the Indian economy and liquidity in the domestic and global financial markets. Further, since we are a non-deposit taking NBFC, we have restricted access to funds in comparison to banks and deposit taking NBFCs. 

Our ability to operate efficiently is dependent on our ability to maintain a low effective cost of funds. Therefore, timely access to, and the costs associated with, raising capital and our ability to maintain a low effective cost of funds in the future is critical. Our business depends and will continue to depend on our ability to access diversified low cost funding sources. 

If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us and in a timely manner or are unable to access new sources of funding or markets and investors, our ability to grow or support our business and to respond to business challenges could be limited and our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 

**_4. In the event the margin on the Rolling Stock Assets leased to the MoR by our Company is not favourable, it may have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operation._** 

We operate on a cost-plus based model. We receive lease rentals which include the value of the Rolling Stock Assets leased by us to the MoR in the relevant fiscal year, the weighted average cost of incremental borrowing as well as a certain margin, all in accordance with the terms of the Standard Lease Agreement, which we enter with the MoR for leasing of Rolling Stock Assets subsequent to the end of the relevant fiscal year. The margin is determined by the MoR in consultation with us at the end of each Fiscal. 

In Fiscal 2020, we were entitled to a margin of 40 bps over the weighted average cost of incremental borrowing for financing Rolling Stock Assets. In Fiscal 2018, the margin for financing Rolling Stock Assets was reduced to 30 bps from 50 bps in Fiscal 2017. There can be no assurance that the margin determined will be favourable for us. Any adverse determination of the margin will also impact our profitability and results of operation including leverage capacity. In the event the margin determined is not favourable, it may also adversely affect our financial condition and results of operation. 

25 

**_5. Our Statutory Auditors have been subject to the peer review process of the ICAI, they have not presently received the peer review certificate to be issued by ICAI, accordingly in relation to the aforesaid, we are not in strict compliance with certain provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the SEBI Listing Regulations._** 

In terms of Paragraph 11(I)(A)(i) of Part A of Schedule VI to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the Restated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus are required to be audited and certified by the Statutory Auditors who must have a valid certificate issued by the Peer Review Board of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“ **ICAI** ”). Our Statutory Auditors have been subject to the peer review process of the ICAI, though they have not presently received the peer review certificate to be issued by ICAI, accordingly in relation to the aforesaid, we are not in strict compliance with certain provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Further to an e-mail dated December 1, 2020 received by our Statutory Auditors in this regard from the peer review board of ICAI, such peer review certificate is expected to be issued by ICAI to our Statutory Auditors subsequent to a meeting of the peer review board of the ICAI, with the effective date of such certificate being from December 1, 2020. Pursuant to the SEBI exemption letter dated November 27, 2020, our Company has been exempted from compliance with the requirements of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, in relation to the Statutory Auditors holding a valid peer review certificate. Accordingly, although our Statutory Auditors have been subject to the ICAI peer review process since they have not presently received the peer review certificate to be issued by ICAI, we are not in strict compliance with the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the SEBI Listing Regulations. We may be subject to penalties for non-compliance with the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations and SEBI ICDR Regulations which could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business operations, financial conditions and results of our operations. 

**_6. Mismatch in the tenor of our leases and borrowings may lead to reinvestment and liquidity risk, which may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations._** 

A majority of our revenues is derived from the Standard Lease Agreements. These agreements with respect to Rolling Stock Assets currently provide for a primary lease period of 15 years, followed by a secondary lease period of another 15 years, unless otherwise revised by mutual consent. We receive lease rentals, which include the value of the Rolling Stock Assets leased by us to the MoR in the relevant fiscal year, the weighted average cost of incremental borrowing as well as a certain margin, within the primary lease period. Typically, the weighted average cost of incremental borrowing factors in any expenses incurred by us with respect to any foreign currency hedging costs and/ or losses (and gains, if any) as well as any hedging costs for interest rate fluctuations. Repayments occur half yearly by instalments during the primary lease period. While a majority of our borrowings require us to make bullet repayments, we also have certain borrowings where we are required to make one-time repayments. Such repayment of such borrowings in certain years may give rise to a temporary mismatch. This may potentially give rise to a liquidity risk and interest rate risk when we are required to refinance our loans and other borrowings. If we are unable to refinance our borrowings on favourable terms or reinvest the lease rentals on favourable terms, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further information, see “ _Selected Statistical Information – Asset Liability Management_ ” on page 155. 

**_7. Any change in the terms of the Standard Lease Agreement entered into by us with the MoR may have an adverse effect on our business, financial position and result of operations._** 

We enter into a Standard Lease Agreement with the MoR on an annual basis, subsequent to the end of the relevant fiscal year, in respect of Rolling Stock Assets leased by us to the MoR during the relevant Fiscal. Under the terms of the Standard Lease Agreement, the MoR covenants that in the event we are unable to redeem our bonds on maturity and/ or repay our loans resulting from inadequate cash flows, the MoR is required to make good such shortfall through bullet payments in advance before the maturity dates of such bonds/ term loans. Such payments are required to be adjusted in the subsequent lease rentals payable under the respective Standard Lease Agreement. If such assurance/ undertakings cease to be valid or the MoR fails to comply with the performance of such undertakings or such undertakings are amended or modified or altered or if we waive compliance with any provision of such undertakings, it may result in an event of default thereby accelerating repayment under the various bonds issued by us and we will not have any direct right of action or right of subrogation against the MoR. In addition, the MoR may not provide such assurances/ undertakings in the subsequent Standard Lease Agreements. 

26 

Further, expenses incurred by us with respect to any foreign currency hedging costs and/ or losses (and gains, if any) as well as any hedging costs for interest rate fluctuations are typically included in the weighted average cost of incremental borrowing, which is determined by the MoR in consultation with us at the end of each Fiscal. For further information, see “ _Our Business – Terms of the Standard Lease Agreement_ ” on page 113. However, there can be no assurance that the MoR will allow us to continue to include such hedging costs pertaining to foreign currency and interest rates in the weighted average cost of incremental borrowing under subsequent Standard Lease Agreements and should the MoR decline to include such costs in the weighted average cost of incremental borrowing, it may adversely affect our financial conditions and results of operations. 

**_8. The Standard Lease Agreement is executed after the end of the Fiscal to which it relates and there can be no assurance that the agreement will be executed each year._** 

The Standard Lease Agreement governs the lease rentals for the Rolling Stock Assets payable by the MoR to us and specifies details of the Rolling Stock Assets leased to the MoR by our Company. The lease rentals include the value of the Rolling Stock Assets leased by us to the MoR in the relevant fiscal year, the weighted average cost of incremental borrowing as well as a certain margin, all in accordance with the terms of the Standard Lease Agreement and determined at the end of the relevant fiscal year. The weighted average cost of incremental borrowing and margin are determined by the MoR in consultation with us. The lease rentals are calculated as equal to half yearly payments to be made by the MoR, so as to ensure that our obligation to repay and settle our debts is fully met during primary lease period of 15 years. 

The Standard Lease Agreement is executed at the end of Fiscal but comes into effect from the date of commencement of that Fiscal. Lease rentals during any particular year are calculated using the weighted average cost of incremental borrowing and margin relevant to that Fiscal. There can be no assurance that such arrangements will be honoured with respect to our ownership of the Rolling Stock Assets or in relation to the lease rentals in a timely manner or at all. For further information, see “ _Our Business – Terms of Standard Lease Agreement_ ” on page 113. Any failure to execute the Standard Lease Agreement may adversely affect our business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition. 

In addition, in relation to funding of Project Assets under Extra Budgetary Resources (Institutional Financing) (“ **EBR-IF** ”), the MoR entered into a MoU dated March 11, 2015 with LIC to avail ₹ 1,500,000 million over a period of five years, commencing from Fiscal 2016. Based on this MoU, we have entered into a MoU dated May 23, 2017 with the MoR to be the intermediary for the funding from LIC. Subsequently, the MoU between MoR and LIC expired in Fiscal 2020. Funds raised are being utilized for implementing identified railway projects. However, we are yet to execute the project agreements with the MoR in relation to such railway projects including the development agency agreement and lease agreement. For further information, see “ _Our Business – Financing of Project Assets – Funding from Life Insurance Corporation of India (“LIC”)_ ” on page 115. There can be no assurance that the MoR will enter into such agreements in a timely manner or at all. Any failure to execute project agreements may impact our title to project assets being funded by us under such arrangements and could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 

**_9. Any downgrade in our credit ratings or India’s debt rating could increase our finance costs and adversely affect our ability to borrow funds and our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

The cost and availability of capital depends in part on our domestic and international credit ratings. Credit ratings reflect the opinions of rating agencies on our financial strength, operating performance, strategic position and ability to meet our obligations. Any downgrade in our credit ratings could cause our lenders to impose additional terms and conditions to any financing or refinancing arrangements that we enter into in the future. 

We have been accorded ratings of ‘AAA’ by CRISIL, ‘ICRA (AAA)’ by ICRA and ‘CARE AAA’ by CARE each with respect to our debt programme. International credit rating agencies such as Moody’s have rated us Baa3 (Negative) while Fitch, Standard & Poor’s and Japan Credit Rating Agency have rated us BBB‘Negative’, BBB- (Stable) and BBB+ (Stable). These ratings continue to remain valid till such time these are modified by the respective rating agency. For further information, see “ _Our Business – Credit Ratings_ ” on page 120. Any downgrade in our credit ratings could increase borrowing costs and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

27 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depends significantly on the credit ratings of India. India’s sovereign rating is Baa3 with a “Negative” outlook (Moody’s), BBB- with a “stable” outlook (S&P), BBB+ with a “stable” outlook (Japan Credit Rating Agency) and BBB- with a “Negative” outlook (Fitch). Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favourable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of our Equity Shares. 

**_10. Non-availability of funding from the Life Insurance Corporation of India (“LIC”) matching the requirement of funds by Indian Railways for railway projects under EBR-IF may affect the asset-liability position of our Company._** 

We have in the past raised funds from the LIC. The MoR had entered into a MoU dated March 11, 2015 with LIC to avail ₹ 1,500,000 million over a period of five years, commencing from Fiscal 2016. Based on this MoU, we entered into a MoU with the MoR dated May 23, 2017 to be the intermediary for the funding from LIC. The MoU provides for a tenor of 30 years for each installment, with capitalization of interest accruing in the first five years and repayment of principal in equal semi-annual installments in 20 years commencing after a moratorium of 10 years. In terms of the MoU executed between our Company and the MoR, the repayment terms by the MoR are to be kept similar to the structure of funding from LIC. Subsequently, the MoU between MoR and LIC expired in Fiscal 2020. For further information, see “ _Our Business – Financing of Project Assets – Funding from Life Insurance Corporation of India (“LIC”)_ ” on page 115. This arrangement with the LIC has subsequently ended in Fiscal 2020. 

Going forward we may not be able to avail funding from the LIC matching the requirements of the Indian Railways and accordingly, we will be required to arrange funds from other sources to bridge the shortfall which has shorter tenor as compared to the tenor of funding that we have availed from the LIC in the past. Accordingly, unavailability of funding from the LIC matching the requirement of funds by Indian Railways for railway projects under EBR-IF may affect our asset-liability position. Further, we have requested the MoR to maintain the tenor of lease between our Company and the MoR corresponding to the tenor of borrowing for railway projects. In the event of a mismatch between the tenor of the loans to the MoR and that of the bonds issued/ loans raised by our Company for financing railway projects, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_11. We were required to prepare and present our financial statements under Ind AS with effect from April 1, 2018 with a transition date of April 1, 2017. Our Ind AS financial statements for Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020, and for the six months ended September 30, 2019 and 2020, which form the basis of our Restated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus, are not comparable with our historical previous GAAP financial statements._** 

From April 1, 2018, we were required to prepare our financial statements in accordance with Ind AS with a transition date of April 1, 2017. Our historical financial statements for Fiscal 2018 was originally prepared in accordance with previous GAAP. Ind AS varies in many respects from previous GAAP, and accordingly our Ind AS audited financial statements for the six months ended September 30, 2019 and 2020 and for Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020, which form the basis of our Restated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus, are not comparable with our historical previous GAAP financial statements. See “ _Financial Statements – Annexure VII: Statement on Adjusted to Audited Financial Statement_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Presentation of Financial Information – Transition from previous GAAP to Ind AS Financial Statements_ ” on pages 273 and 282, respectively. 

However, as part of our ordinary course of business we issue bonds to investors in respect of which offering circulars/ offer documents are prepared that include our audited financial statements. Such audited financial statements may differ from and are not directly comparable with our Restated Financial Statements and accordingly, potential investors are cautioned against placing undue reliance on such information and must evaluate their investment decision in the context of the Restated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

28 

**_12. We are currently exempt from provisioning requirements in respect of deferred tax asset or deferred tax liability, however, there can be no assurance that the MCA will not withdraw the exemption in future._** 

Pursuant to circular S.O. 529 (E) dated February 5, 2018 and subsequent amendment through circular dated April 2, 2018 (collectively, the “ **DTL Circulars** ”) issued by the MCA, a government company which is engaged in the business of infrastructure finance leasing with not less than 75% of its total revenue being generated from business with government companies or other entities owned or controlled by the GoI are exempt from the requirements of provisioning in respect of Ind AS 22 or Ind AS 12 relating to deferred tax asset or deferred tax liability, respectively, with effect from April 1, 2017. Subsequently, the MCA vide their communication no. Eoffice F.No.17/32/2017-CL-V dated March 20, 2020, advised our Company to apply paragraph 11 of Ind AS 01, first time adoption of Ind AS read with Ind AS 8, Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors. Accordingly, our Company has during Fiscal 2020 reversed the deferred tax liability of ₹ 64,431.40 million by crediting the retained earnings as at April 1, 2017, being the date of transition to Ind AS. 

Our profitability may be adversely affected if any of these DTL Circulars are withdrawn. Further, there can be no assurance that the MCA will not withdraw the existing exemptions, which may adversely affect our business, net worth, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_13. We are involved in certain legal proceedings, any adverse developments related to which could materially and adversely affect our business, reputation and cash flows._** 

There are outstanding legal proceedings involving us which are incidental to our business and operations. These proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and appellate tribunals. We cannot assure you that these proceedings will be decided in our favour or that no further liability will arise out of these proceedings. A summary of the outstanding criminal proceedings, tax proceedings, actions taken by statutory and regulatory authorities and other ‘material’ litigation as per the Materiality Policy, if any, involving us is set out below: 

**_Litigation involving our Company_** 

|**S**|||_(₹ million)_|
|---|---|---|---|
|**.**<br>**No.**|**Nature of litigation**|**Number of cases**|**Approximate amount involved***|
|_Litiga_<br>|_tion against our Company_<br>|||
|1.|Criminal|Nil|_Not Applicable_|
|2.|Tax|2|26,547.13|
|3.|Actions taken by statutory and regulatory<br>authorities|Nil|Not Applicable|
|4.|Other ‘material’ litigation as per the<br>MaterialityPolicy|1|Nil|
|**Total**||**3**|**26,547.13**|
|_Litiga_<br>|_tion by our Company_<br>|||
|1.|Criminal|1|0.59|
|2.|Other ‘material’ litigation as per the<br>Materiality Policy|Nil|Not Applicable|
|3.|Tax|1|14,664.47|
|**Total**||**1**|**14,665.06**|



_* To the extent quantifiable._ 

The amounts claimed in the abovementioned proceedings have been disclosed to the extent ascertainable and include amounts claimed jointly and severally. If any new developments arise, such as a change in Indian law or rulings against us by appellate courts or tribunals, we may need to make provisions in our financial statements. Further, such legal proceedings could divert management time and attention and consume financial resources. For further information on material legal proceedings involving us, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 341. 

**_14. Our Company is not in compliance with certain provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations._** 

As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, the composition of our Board of Directors is not in compliance with the requirements of the SEBI Listing Regulations. Currently, the Board of Directors comprises of six directors, out of which two directors are whole time directors (including the Chairman and Managing 

29 

Director), two directors are nominee directors of the GoI and two directors are independent directors. Accordingly, the composition of the Board of Directors is not in compliance with the applicable provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations. Accordingly, in order to be compliant with the applicable corporate governance requirements of the SEBI Listing Regulations, our Company is required to appoint two additional independent directors. In this regard, the Company has by way of e-mails dated July 31, 2020 and September 29, 2020, informed the MoR of the statutory requirement of appointing additional independent directors on its Board of Directors, to ensure compliance with applicable corporate governance norms. Being a CPSE and under the administrative control of the MoR, we are required to follow the procedures and guidelines specified by the MoR from time to time, including in relation to corporate governance. Further, as specifically provided under Article 198 of the Articles of Association of the Company, directors of the Company are appointed by the President of India, acting through the MoR. To that extent, the appointment and selection of the Board of Directors of our Company, is beyond our control. 

Pursuant to the exemption letter dated November 27, 2020, our Company has been exempted from compliance with the abovementioned requirements of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the SEBI Listing Regulations in relation to appointment of Independent Directors, till listing of the Equity Shares pursuant to the Issue. Thereafter, our Company will be required to comply with _inter alia_ the above mentioned requirements of the SEBI Listing Regulations. Further, we may be subject to penalties for non-compliance with any of the aforementioned provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations and SEBI ICDR Regulations which could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business operations, financial conditions and results of our operations. For further information, see “ _Our Management – Corporate Governance_ ” on page 138. 

**_15. Our risk management measures may not be fully effective in mitigating our risks in all market environments or against all types of risks, which may adversely affect our business and financial performance._** 

We are exposed to a variety of risks, including liquidity risk, interest rate risk, credit risk, operational risk and legal risk. The effectiveness of our risk management is limited by the quality and timeliness of available data. Our hedging strategies and other risk management techniques may not be fully effective in mitigating our risks in all market environments or against all types of risk, including risks that are unidentified or unanticipated. Some methods of managing risks are based upon observed historical market behaviour. As a result, these methods may not predict future risk exposures, which could be greater than the historical measures indicated. Other risk management methods depend upon an evaluation of information regarding markets or other matters. This information may not in all cases be accurate, complete, current, or properly evaluated. Management of operational, legal or regulatory risk requires, among other things, policies and procedures to properly record and verify a number of transactions and events. 

Although we have established policies and procedures, they may not be fully effective to accomplish our objectives. As we seek to expand the scope of our operations, we also face the risk of failing to develop risk management policies and procedures that are designed for such operations in a timely manner or at all. Our future success will also depend, in part, on our ability to respond to evolving NBFC sector standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis. The development and implementation of standards and practices entails significant technical and business risks. There can be no assurance that we will successfully adapt to evolving market standards and practices. For further information, see “ _Our Business - Risk Management”_ on page 121. Any inability to develop and implement effective risk management policies may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_16. Our ability to raise foreign currency borrowings may be constrained by Indian law._** 

One of the sources of our funds is external commercial borrowings. As of September 30, 2020, we had ₹ 250,069.69 million in external commercial borrowings denominated in U.S. Dollars and Japanese Yen. Further, our ability to raise foreign currency borrowings is limited to USD 750 million or equivalent per financial year under the automatic route without the prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India, subject to compliance with parameters and other terms and conditions set out in the external commercial borrowings policy/ framework issued by the Reserve Bank of India. As an Indian company, we are subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies. Such regulatory restrictions limit our financing sources and could constrain our ability to obtain financing on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, we cannot assure you that the required regulatory approvals for borrowings in foreign currencies will be granted to us without onerous conditions, if at all. Limitations on raising foreign debt may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

30 

We are subject to the Foreign Exchange Management (Borrowing and Lending) Regulations, 2018 and the Master Direction – External Commercial Borrowings, Trade Credits and Structured Obligations RBI/FED/2018-19/67 FED Master Direction No. 5/2018-19 dated 26 March 2019 (“ **ECB Guidelines** ”), including applicable regulations, guidelines and circulars issued by the RBI, which governs all forms of borrowing from non-resident entities other than by the issue of non-convertible debentures in domestic market, affecting our ability to freely raise foreign currency borrowings. For instance, under the ECB Guidelines, we are restricted to borrowing from certain ‘recognised lenders’ that are defined therein. The borrowings that we avail are subject to restrictions such as prescriptions on permissible end uses, minimum maturity period specifications and hedging requirements. We are also subject to caps on the maximum amount we may raise, beyond which we shall be required to obtain the approval of the RBI for any additional borrowings. Such provisions may affect our ability to borrow effectively and on favourable terms. 

**_17. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively, our business and financial results could be adversely affected._** 

Our business has grown since we began operations in 1986. Our total assets increased by 27.86% from ₹ 1,614,510.41 million as of March 31, 2018 to ₹ 2,064,382.95 million as of March 31, 2019 and by an additional 33.46% to ₹ 2,755,041.29 million as of March 31, 2020, and was ₹ 2,919,865.81 million as of September 30, 2020. We intend to continue to grow our business, which could place significant demands on our financial and other internal risk controls. It may also exert pressure on the adequacy of our capitalization, making management of asset quality increasingly important. 

Our ability to sustain and manage growth depends primarily upon our ability to manage key operational issues, such as our ability to raise funds on acceptable terms and at competitive rates which in turn depends on various factors, including the regulatory environment and policy initiatives in India, lack of liquidity in the market, developments in the international markets affecting the Indian economy, investors’ and/ or lenders’ perception of demand for debt and equity securities of NBFCs, and our current and future results of operations and financial condition. If we are unable to maintain the quality of our assets, obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us and in a timely manner, our ability to grow or support our business and to respond to business challenges could be limited and our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 

Our ability to sustain and manage growth is also affected by factors outside of our control, such as GDP growth, changes in regulatory policies, changes in demand for rolling stock by Ministry of Railways and changes in interest rates. We may not be able to successfully maintain growth rates due to unfavorable changes in any one or more of the aforementioned factors. Our inability to effectively manage any of these operational issues or react to external factors may materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. 

# **_18. Post completion of the Issue, our cost of borrowings may go up._** 

We are presently wholly owned by the GoI which makes us eligible for certain benefits, such as, inclusion of offshore issuance of bonds/ notes of USD 500 Million and above in the Morgan Stanley Capital International Emerging Markets Bond Index. Rating agencies factor our strategic importance to the MoR due the ownership by the GoI and business with only the MoR and other entities owned by the MoR which help us obtain credit rating at par with sovereign ratings from domestic and international credit rating agencies. We believe that these factors enable our Company to borrow at competitive rates and terms. In terms of the extant SEBI ICDR Regulations, the minimum public shareholding must be 25% within three years of listing. There have been press reports in September 2020 that JP Morgan has opted not to include India’s government bonds in one of its flagship emerging market indices. In the event this is implemented, it may adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. Following completion of the initial public offering by our Company, the cost of borrowings of our Company may be affected due to change in risk perception of the investors and rating agencies and non-inclusion of our bonds in the Morgan Stanley Capital International Emerging Market Bond Index which may affect our results of operations and financial position. 

31 

**_19. We are subject to supervision and regulation by the RBI, as a NBFC-ND-SI and Infrastructure Finance Company, and other regulatory authorities and changes in the RBI’s regulations and other regulations, and the regulation governing us or the industry in which we operate could adversely affect our business._** 

We are registered with the Reserve Bank of India as a NBFC (Systematically Important) and are classified under the category of an “Infrastructure Finance Company” under Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. Accordingly, we are regulated principally by the RBI and are subject to the RBI’s guidelines on the regulation of the NBFC-ND-SIs, which includes, among other things, matters related to capital adequacy, exposure and other prudential norms. The RBI also regulates the credit flow by banks to NBFCND-SIs and provides guidelines to commercial banks with respect to their investment and credit exposure norms for lending to the NBFC-ND-SIs. 

Earlier, NBFCs which were government companies in terms of the Companies Act, 2013, were exempt from the prudential norms as prescribed by the RBI for NBFCs. This exemption has since been withdrawn with effect from May 31, 2018. However, the RBI has granted exemption to our Company from asset classification, provisioning and exposure norms to the extent of its exposure to the MoR. Further, we have been granted exemption by the RBI from credit concentration norms to the extent of 100% of our owned funds for our exposure to Railway entities in which the ownership of the State/Central Government is minimum 51%. Accordingly, our Company has been adhering to the prudential norms prescribed by the RBI for NBFC-ND-SI except its exposure to sovereign, _i.e._ the MoR. Further, we have decided to follow the asset classification and provisioning norms as provided by the RBI for loans/ leases/ advances to entities other than Indian Railways. For further information, see “ _Selected Statistical Information – Classification of Assets_ ” and “ _Financial Statements – Annexure VI – Note 42_ ” on pages 154 and 240, respectively. Further, we are subject to reporting obligations to the RBI. Further, our Company is not in compliance with RBI guideline DNBR (PD) CC No.099 dated May 16, 2019 on account of non-appointment of chief risk officer. 

The RBI’s regulation of NBFC-ND-SIs may change in the future which may require us to restructure our activities, incur additional costs or could otherwise adversely affect our business and financial performance. For instance, the RBI has introduced the Master Direction – Non-Banking Financial Company – Systemically Important Non Deposit taking Company and Deposit taking Company (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016, which are applicable to an NBFC-ND-SI. In order to provide enhanced control, existing rules and regulations have been modified, new rules and regulations have been enacted and reforms have been implemented. 

There can be no assurance that the RBI and/ or the GoI will not implement further regulations or policies, including legal interpretations of existing regulations, relating to or affecting interest rates, taxation, inflation or exchange controls, or otherwise take action, that may have an adverse impact on NBFC-ND-SIs. We cannot assure you that we will continue to remain exempt from capital adequacy and other prudential norms. Any change in the rules applicable to us as an NBFC-ND-SI may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further information, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 123. 

**_20. Our Statutory Auditors have made certain emphasis of matters in the audit reports and observations in the report on ‘Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ relating to our historical audited financial statements and their examination report on the Restated Financial Information which may affect our future financial results._** 

Our Statutory Auditors have made certain emphasis of matters in the audit reports for for the six months ended September 30, 2019 and 2020. These are in relation to reconciliation and confirmation of the ‘amounts payable to the MoR – Leased Assets’ and claim of GST input tax credit. Our Statutory Auditors have also made certain observations in their report on ‘Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ as required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2016, to our audited financial statements for Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020 and for the six months ended September 30, 2019 and 2020 and their examination report on the Restated Financial Information. These observations are in relation to, amongst others, the records of the fixed assets not including the particulars of the fixed assets leased to the MoR, no physical verification being carried out for the leased fixed assets and the sale/ transfer deed of office building yet to be executed in favour of our Company. For further information, see “ _Management‘s Discussion on Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Auditor Observations/ Remarks”_ on page 323. 

There can be no assurance that our Statutory Auditors will not include such emphasis of matters in the audit reports or such observations in their report on ‘Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ relating to our audited financial statements in the future, or that such emphasis of matters and observations will not affect 

32 

our financial results in future fiscal periods. Investors should consider these remarks in evaluating our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Any such emphasis of matter or observations in the ‘Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ report on our audited financial statements in the future may also adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

**_21. The success of our business operations is dependent on our senior management team and Key Management Personnel as well as our ability to attract, train and retain employees._** 

As of September 30, 2020, we had 26 permanent employees. The continued success of our business operations is attributable to our senior management team and Key Management Personnel. We believe that the experience of our senior management team has enabled us to experience consistent growth and profitability as well as maintain a robust liquidity and capital position. Our ability to sustain our growth depends upon our ability to attract and retain key personnel, developing managerial experience to address emerging business and operating challenges. Considering the small size of our management team, our ability to identify, recruit and retain our employees is critical. 

Further, as per the provisions of our Articles of Association, the MoR has the right to appoint Directors and other GoI representatives to our Board and for such period as may be determined by the GoI. We may be unable to attract and retain appropriate managerial personnel of our choice. We may also face attrition of our existing workforce. If we cannot hire additional qualified personnel or retain them, our ability to expand our business will be impaired and our revenue could decline. We are in receipt of a complaint alleging that our CMD has been named as one of the parties in a first information report filed against certain officers of another public sector undertaking in his capacity as a former director (finance) of that entity. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments - Others”_ on page 343. Any inability to attract and retain talented employees, or the resignation or loss of Key Management Personnel, or retain our existing personnel, may have an adverse impact on our business, future financial performance and the price of our Equity Shares. 

**_22. Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected by global health epidemics, including the recent COVID-19 outbreak, and the continuing effect of the same cannot be predicted._** 

An outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus disease 19 (“ **COVID-19** ”), was recognised as a pandemic by the World Health Organization, on March 11, 2020. Governments and municipalities across the world instituted measures in an effort to control the spread of COVID-19, including lockdowns, quarantines, shelterin-place orders, school closings, travel restrictions, and closure of non-essential businesses. By the end of March, the macroeconomic impacts became significant, exhibited by, among other things, a rise in unemployment and market volatility. 

In order to contain the spread of COVID-19 virus, the Government of India initially announced a 21-day lockdown on March 24, 2020, which, after being subject to successive extensions, is currently being relaxed. In compliance with the lockdown orders announced by the Indian Government, we temporarily closed our office and substantially, all of our employees were compelled to work remotely. The rapid shift to a remote working environment creates inherent productivity, connectivity, and oversight challenges. Governmental restrictions have been inconsistent and it is not clear when a return to worksite locations or travel will be permitted or what restrictions will be in place in those environments. The extent and/ or duration of ongoing workforce restrictions and limitations could impact our ability to comply with various reporting requirements to the regulators in a timely manner, among others. In addition, the changed environment under which we are operating could have an impact on our internal controls over financial reporting as well as our ability to meet a number of our compliance requirements in a timely or quality manner. 

On account of COVID-19, the operations of Indian Railways were suspended. The operations were subsequently resumed in a limited manner. The lockdown imposed by the Government of India hampered the activities of the Indian Railways, the development of Rolling Stock Assets and led to delays in development of Project Assets. If the COVID-19 outbreak progresses in ways that continue to disrupt our operations or the operations of the Indian Railways including through lockdowns and limited operations and access to business resources, such disruption may impact the growth rate of the Indian Railways and its consequent demand for funding. Accordingly, this would also materially negatively affect our operating results for Fiscal 2021 and subsequent periods. 

33 

With the outbreak of COVID-19, international stock markets began to reflect the uncertainty associated with the slow-down in the global economy. Reduced levels of international travel experienced since the beginning of January, large declines in oil prices and the significant decline in the Dow Jones Industrial Average at the end of February and beginning of March 2020 were largely attributed to the effects of COVID-19. In addition, the widespread lockdowns implemented by various countries since March 2020 had further slowed-down the global economy and disrupted daily operations of most companies. If the spread of the COVID-19 continues to limit the level of economic activity globally, and in particular in India, this likely would negatively affect our operating results, cash flow and business. 

Further, our ability to ensure the safety of our workforce and continuity of operations while confirming with measures implemented by the central and state governments in relation to the health and safety of our employees may result in increased costs. For instance, a number of our employees contracted COVID-19. In the event other employees or members of our management team contract(s) COVID-19, our operations may be adversely affected. Further, in the event any of our employees contract COVID-19, we may be required to quarantine our employees and shut down our office, as necessary. Risks arising on account of COVID-19 can also threaten the safe operation of our offices and impact the well-being of our employees. 

The ultimate impact of such a pandemic will depend on a number of factors, many of which are outside our control. These factors include the duration, severity and scope of the pandemic, the impact of the pandemic on economic activity in India and globally, the eventual level of infections in India and the impact of any actions taken by governmental bodies or health organisations (whether mandatory or advisory) to combat the spread of the virus. 

**_23. Our inability to maintain Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) as prescribed in the ‘Liquidity Management Framework’ issued by the RBI for NBFCs with effect from December 1, 2020 may subject to us penalties thereby adversely affecting our financial performance and business operations._** 

The RBI has introduced the ‘Liquidity Management Framework’ which _inter-alia_ mandates all the deposit accepting NBFCs irrespective of their asset size and non-deposit accepting systematically important NBFCs with asset size of ₹ 100 billion and above, to maintain a liquidity buffer in the form of LCR representing high liquid assets from December 1, 2020. In terms of RBI notification titled “ _Liquidity Risk Management Framework for Non-Banking Financial Companies and Core Investment Companies_ ” dated November 4, 2019, such NBFCs are initially required to maintain a minimum LCR at 50% of the net cash flows over the next 30 calendar days which will then progressively increase to 100% by December 1, 2024. In the event, we are unable to comply with the aforesaid requirements we may be subject to penalties that will adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_24. We may fail to obtain certain regulatory approvals in the ordinary course of our business in a timely manner or at all, or to comply with the terms and conditions of our existing regulatory approvals and licenses which may have a material adverse effect on the continuity of our business and may impede our effective operations in the future._** 

NBFCs in India are subject to strict regulation and supervision by the RBI. We require certain regulatory approvals, sanctions, licenses, registrations and permissions for operating and expanding our business. In particular, we require approval from the RBI for our funding activities and are also required to obtain loan registration numbers from the RBI in relation to our external commercial borrowings. We may not receive or be able to renew such approvals in the time frames anticipated by us, or at all, which could adversely affect our business. If we do not receive, renew or maintain the regulatory approvals required to operate our business it may have a material adverse effect on the continuity of our business and may impede our operations in the future. For further information, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 344. Further, the approvals that we have obtained stipulate certain conditions requiring our compliance. If we fail to obtain any of these approvals or licenses, or renewals thereof, in a timely manner, or at all, or fail to comply with the conditions, our business may be adversely affected. 

In addition to the numerous conditions required for the registration as a NBFC with the RBI, we are required to maintain certain statutory and regulatory approvals for our business. In the future, we will be required to obtain new approvals for any proposed operations. There can be no assurance that the relevant authorities will issue any of such approvals in the timeframe anticipated by us or at all. Failure by us to obtain the required approvals may result in the interruption of our operations and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

34 

There may be future changes in the regulatory system or in the enforcement of the laws and regulations including policies or regulations or legal interpretations of existing regulations, relating to or affecting interest rates, taxation, or exchange controls, that could have an adverse effect on non-deposit taking NBFCs. In addition, we are required to make various filings with the RBI, the RoC and other relevant authorities pursuant to the provisions of RBI regulations, the Companies Act and other regulations. If we fail to comply with these requirements, or a regulator claims we have not complied with such requirements, we may be subject to penalties. Moreover, these laws and regulations can be amended, supplemented or changed at any time such that we may be required to restructure our activities and incur additional expenses in complying with such laws and regulations, which could materially and adversely affect our business. In addition, any historical or future failure to comply with the terms and conditions of our existing regulatory or statutory approvals may cause us to lose or become unable to renew such approvals. For further information, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 123. 

**_25. We are wholly-owned and controlled by the GoI, which makes us susceptible to changes to its policies. The GoI will continue to retain majority shareholding in us after the Issue, which will allow it to exercise significant influence over us. Further, the GoI could require us to take actions aimed at serving the public interest, which may not necessarily be profitable or financially feasible._** 

We are wholly-owned and controlled by the GoI acting through the MoR. Upon completion of the Issue, the GoI will control approximately 86.36% of our paid up Equity Share capital. Accordingly, the GoI will continue to exercise significant influence over our business policies and affairs and all matters requiring shareholder approval, including the composition of our Board, the adoption of amendments to our Articles of Association, the approval of mergers, strategic acquisitions and joint ventures and the sale of substantially all of our assets, and the policies for dividends, lending, investments and capital expenditures. Further, the President of India may from time to time issue directions as he may consider necessary in regard to the exercise and performance of the functions of our Company in matters involving national security or substantial public interest. 

As a result of our controlling ownership by the GoI, we are required to adhere to certain restrictions and may not be able to diversify our borrowing portfolio by issuing different instruments without the prior approval of the GoI. There can be no assurance that the GoI will grant us such approvals in the future. The GoI will retain control over the decisions requiring adoption by our shareholders acting by a simple majority. This concentration of ownership may also delay, defer or even prevent a change in our control and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of the GoI. The interests of the GoI with respect to such matters and the factors that it will take into account when exercising its voting rights may not be consistent with and may conflict with the interests of our other shareholders, including investors that purchase the Equity Shares in this Issue. 

Pursuant to our Articles of Association, the GoI may, from time to time, issue such directives or instructions as may be considered necessary in regard to the conduct of our business and affairs and may vary and annul any such directive or instruction. The GoI will have the power to elect and remove the Directors and therefore determine the outcome of most proposals for corporate action requiring approval of the Board or the shareholders, including with respect to the payment of dividends. Under our Articles of Association, the GoI may issue directives with respect to the conduct of our business or our affairs or change in control or impose other restrictions. For further information on the Articles of Association, see “ _Description of Equity Shares and Terms of The Articles of Association_ ” on page 390. 

In addition, the GoI influences our operations through various departments and policies. Our business is dependent, directly and indirectly, on the policies and support of the GoI, in many significant ways, including with respect to the cost of our capital, the financial strength of the MoR, the management and growth of our business and our overall profitability. Additionally, the MoR is also significantly affected by the policies and support of the GoI. In particular, given the importance of the Indian Railways to the Indian economy, the GoI could require us to take actions aimed at serving the public interest, which may not necessarily be profitable or financially feasible. Any such actions or directives may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operation. 

**_26. Our indebtedness and the conditions and restrictions imposed by certain of our financing arrangements could restrict our ability to obtain additional financing, raise capital, conduct our business and operations in the manner we desire._** 

35 

Incurring indebtedness is a core requirement of the nature of our business, and a large outstanding borrowings portfolio could have significant implications on our business and results of operations. We will continue to incur additional indebtedness in the future. As of September 30, 2020, our total borrowings were ₹ 2,453,493.18 million. Our indebtedness could have several important consequences, including but not limited to the following: 

- a portion of our cash flows may be used towards servicing of our existing debt, which will reduce the availability of our cash flows to fund working capital and other general corporate requirements; 

- our ability to obtain additional financing in the future at reasonable terms may be restricted; 

- fluctuations in market interest rates may affect the cost of our borrowings, as a portion of our indebtedness is at variable interest rates; and 

- there could be a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition if we are unable to service our indebtedness or otherwise comply with financial and other covenants specified in the financing agreements. 

Some of the financing arrangements entered into by us include restrictive conditions and covenants that require us to obtain lenders consents and/ or intimate the respective lenders in advance, prior to carrying out certain activities and entering into certain transactions. For instance, we are required to obtain consent from our lenders in an instance where (i) shareholding of the GoI in our Company falls below 51%; (ii) our Company effectuates a change in its capital structure; and (iii) our Company amends its charter documents. In the event that such consents or waivers are not granted to us in a timely manner or at all, and if we do not repay any such loans from lenders from which we have been unable to obtain consents by such time, we would be in breach of the relevant financing covenants. Our Company has obtained all the necessary approvals from lenders in relation to the Issue. 

A failure to observe the covenants under our financing arrangements or failure to obtain necessary consents may lead to the termination of our credit facilities, acceleration of amounts due under such facilities, trigger cross-default provisions and the enforcement of security provided. There can be no assurance that we will be able to persuade our lenders to grant extensions or refrain from exercising such rights which may adversely affect our operations and cash flows. As a result, we may have to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from our operations to make payments under such financing documents, thereby reducing the availability of cash for our working capital requirements and other general corporate purposes. Additionally, during any period in which we are in default, we may be unable to raise, or face difficulties raising, further financing or generate sufficient cash to fund our liquidity requirements. Further, as a result, the MoR may have to infuse equity or additional capital. 

In addition, we also have unsecured loans which may be recalled at any time at the option of such lenders. Certain of our secured loans may also permit the lenders to recall the loan on demand. Such recalls on borrowed amounts may be contingent upon happening of an event including events beyond our control and there can be no assurance that we will be able to persuade our lenders to give us extensions or to refrain from exercising such recalls which may adversely affect our operations and cash flows. 

In addition, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our debt on or before maturity. We cannot assure you that we will be able to refinance any of our debt on commercially reasonable terms or at all. For further information, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 331. Occurrence of any of the above contingencies with respect to our indebtedness could materially and adversely affect our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_27. We will be required to comply with the provisions of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs to Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 that require us to maintain a certain percentage of non-convertible debentures maturing during the year in specified investments or deposits and any non-compliance with such rules may expose our Company to the levy of penalties._** 

The MCA has amended the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 by its notification dated August 16, 2019. In terms of the notification, listed NBFCs registered with the RBI under section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 are exempt from creation of debenture redemption reserve for the nonconvertible debentures issued by it. Until March 31, 2019, our Company was required to create debenture 

36 

redemption reserve to the extent of 25% (50% until March 31, 2012) of the value of the bonds raised through public issue by the redemption dates of such bonds. Accordingly, the balance outstanding against bond redemption reserve as of March 31, 2019 amounting to ₹ 57,145.59 million have been transferred to retained earnings. For further information, see our “ _Financial Statements – Annexure VI – Note 42_ ” on page 240. In the event our Company does not have adequate funds to comply with the rules, it may lead to imposition of penalties by the MCA and impede our Company’s ability to raise further funds through issuance of NCDs in the domestic capital market. As NCDs have remained an important source of fund raising in the past, it may have adverse impact on our Company’s business and results of operations. Further, typically the yield on specified investments/ deposits as prescribed by MCA is lower than the weighted average cost of incremental borrowing of our Company and margin included as part of lease rentals, in accordance with the Standard Lease Agreement, payable to us by the MoR, which may, therefore, entail built-in losses leading to adverse impact on our results of operations and financial performance if we are unable to build in such costs as part of the weighted average cost of incremental borrowing which are included in the lease rentals payable by the MoR. 

**_28. Our loan agreements in respect of certain offshore borrowings contain ‘change of control’ provisions that trigger mandatory prepayment in the event the shareholding of the GoI in our Company falls below 51%._** 

We meet a portion of our annual borrowing target mandated by the MoR through mobilization of funds from offshore markets. The senior unsecured debt facility agreements and Euro Medium Term Note programme documents entered into by our Company contain ‘change of control’ clauses. The clauses state that in the event the holding of the GoI in our Company falls below 51%, our Company may be required to redeem the debt prior to maturity as a result of such change in control. 

In the event such clauses are triggered, we may be exposed to refinancing and liquidity risks. Besides, we have entered into derivative transactions to hedge foreign currency exchange risk and interest rate risk associated with such borrowings which may be required to be wound-up subjecting our Company to incur additional cost towards unwinding charges that may affect our results of operations and financial position if we are unable to build in such costs as part of the weighted average cost of incremental borrowing which are included in the lease rentals payable by the MoR. 

**_29. Fluctuations in the value of the Indian Rupee against other foreign currencies may have a material adverse effect on our cost of borrowings._** 

Changes in currency exchange rates influence our results of operations. A significant portion of our borrowings are denominated in currencies other than Indian Rupees, most significantly the U.S. Dollar and Japanese Yen. Significant fluctuations in currency exchange rates between the Indian Rupee and these currencies and inter-se such currencies may increase the cost of our borrowings. Although we selectively enter into hedging transactions to minimize our currency exchange risks and build in such costs in the weighted average cost of incremental borrowing which are included in the lease rentals payable by the MoR, there can be no assurance that such measures will enable us to avoid the effect of any adverse fluctuations in the value of the Indian rupee against the U.S. dollar, Japanese Yen or other relevant foreign currencies. In the event we are unable to build such costs in the weighted average cost of incremental borrowing to the MoR, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

**_30. As an NBFC, we may be subject to periodic inspections by the RBI. Non-compliance with observations made by RBI during these inspections could expose us to penalties and restrictions._** 

We are subject to periodic inspections by the RBI to verify correctness and completeness of any statement, information or particulars furnished to the RBI for the purpose of obtaining any information or particulars which we have failed to furnish on being required to do so. In past inspection reports, RBI has, among other things, identified deficiencies in our systems and operations such as non-appointment of chief risk officer, negative cumulative mismatch beyond the tolerance limits specified in the ALM policy of our Company, liquidity ratio being less than the comfortable level of one,  delay in filing of returns in RBI Portal (COSMOS), the information technology systems and its management being less than adequate for the operations of our Company.  If we are unable to resolve such deficiencies to the satisfaction of the RBI, our ability to conduct our business may be adversely affected. While, as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, the RBI has not made any major observations against us; there can be no assurance that the RBI will not make observations in the future. Imposition of any penalty or adverse findings by the RBI during the ongoing or any future 

37 

inspections may have an adverse impact on our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_31. We have experienced negative cash flows in relation to our operating activities and investment activities in recent years/ periods. If we do not generate sufficient cash flows from our operations or experience negative cash flows in the future, our results of operations, liquidity and ability to service our indebtedness and fund our operations would be adversely affected._** 

The following table sets forth certain information relating to our cash flows for the periods indicated. We may, in future, experience negative operating cash flows. 

|**Particulars**|**Six months ended**<br>|**Six months ended**<br>||**Fiscal**<br>|_(₹ million)_<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**September 30, 2020**|**September 30, 2019**|**2020**|**2019**|**2018**|
|Net cash flow/(used) in<br>operatingactivities|(109,041.58)|(106,442.64)|(627,175.86)|(417,481.88)|(280,761.<br>25)|
|Net cash flow/(used) in<br>investingactivities|5.76|4.54|14.72|13.14|16.75|
|Net<br>cash<br>generated|109,038.63|106,414.06|627,137.87|417,494.53|280,746.3|
|by/(used in) financing<br>activities|||||5|
|Net increase in cash and<br>cash equivalents|2.81|(24.04)|(23.27)|25.79|1.85|



Negative cash flows over extended periods, or significant negative cash flows in the short term, could materially affect our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans. 

Further, we have substantial debt service obligations and contractual commitments and our lease income, available cash and borrowings may not be adequate to meet our future liquidity needs, see “ _Financial Statements_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis on Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on page 156 and 280, respectively. We cannot assure you that our businesses will generate sufficient cash flow from operations such that our anticipated revenue growth will be realized or that future borrowings will be available to us under credit facilities in amounts sufficient to enable us to repay our existing indebtedness or fund our other liquidity needs. If we are unable to service our existing debt, our ability to raise debt in the future will be adversely affected which will have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

**_32. We have decided to exercise the option under section 115 BAA of the Income Tax Act, 1961 and have not made any provision for tax for the current Fiscal while foregoing allowances such as unutilised and unexpired MAT credits of the earlier years exposing us to higher tax provisions if the provisions of section 115BAA of the Income Tax Act, 1961 are amended._** 

We have decided to exercise the option permitted under section 115 BAA of the Income Tax Act, 1961 as introduced by the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Ordinance, 2019 dated September 20, 2019. In terms of the aforesaid notification, companies exercising the option under section 115 BAA will be subject to reduced corporate tax rate of 22% (effective tax rate 25.17% after surcharge and cess). However, certain exemptions/ deductions will have to be foregone. Since our Company’s taxable income under normal assessment is nil, we would not be required to pay any tax on exercising the option to adopt section 115BAA, we would also be outside the ambit of section 115JB of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Till now, our Company was paying Minimum Alternate Tax under the provisions of section 115 JB of the Income Tax Act, 1961. In the event of Company has taxable income under normal assessment in future, we will not be able to avail the foregone MAT credit, leading to higher incidence of tax which may adversely affect the financial performance, results of operations and financial position. Any subsequent change in the extant income tax provisions may enhance our tax liability and adversely affect our financial performance and results of operations. . For further information, see “ _Financial Statements_ ” on page 156. 

**_33. We face competition from financial and other institutions in raising funds from the market and may not be able to raise funds on terms beneficial to us._** 

We face competition from financial and other institutions aiming to raise funds from the market. The market for raising funds is competitive and our ability to obtain funds on acceptable terms, or at all, will depend on 

38 

various factors including our ability to maintain our credit ratings. In addition, since we are a non-deposit accepting NBFC, we may have restricted access to funds in comparison to banks and deposit taking NBFCs. Our primary competitors are public sector undertakings, public sector banks, financial institutions and other NBFCs. In the event that the terms and conditions of the debt instruments offered by such institutions are more attractive than those offered by us, we may not be able to raise debt from the market to the extent and on terms and conditions beneficial to us. If we are unable to raise such debt, it would lead to an increase in our cost of borrowings and thus, potentially affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

**_34. We have in this Red Herring Prospectus included certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other selected statistical information related to our operations and financial performance. These non-GAAP measures and statistical information may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across the financial services industry, and therefore may not be comparable with financial or statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other financial services companies._** 

Certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance have been included in this section and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. We compute and disclose such non-GAAP financial measures and such other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance as we consider such information to be useful measures of our business and financial performance. We have also included in this Red Herring Prospectus, financial information, including, AUM, net gearing ratio and Cost of Borrowings that may be different from those followed by other financial services companies. For further information, see “ _Selected Statistical Information_ ” on page 150. These non-GAAP financial measures and other statistical and other information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to financial measures and statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other NBFCs and financial services companies. 

**_35. We have certain contingent liabilities and commitments, and any crystallization of our contingent liabilities and commitments may adversely affect our financial condition._** 

Our Restated Financial Statements disclosed the following contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37 - Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets: 

- As of September 30, 2020, claims against our Company not acknowledged as debts (Claims by bondholders in the consumer/ civil courts) amounted to ₹ 4.27 million. 

- Claims against our Company not acknowledge as debt – relating to service matter pending in the Supreme Court - amount not ascertainable. 

- The procurement/ acquisition of assets leased out by our Company to the Indian Railways is done by MoR. As per the lease agreements entered into between our Company and the MoR, the sales tax/ value added tax liability, if any, on procurement/ acquisition and leasing is recoverable from the MoR. 

- The Directorate General of GST Intelligence, Chennai, Zonal Unit has served a show cause notice dated April 16, 2019 on our Company alleging contravention of provisions of sections 67, 68 and 70 of the Finance Act, 1994 by our Company and as to why service tax of ₹ 26,537.65 million along with interest and penalty be not demanded from our Company. Our Company has submitted reply against the said show cause notice stating that there is no contravention of provisions of any of the above stated sections of the Finance Act, 1994. On October 21, 2020, the Commissioner, CGST, Delhi East, requested comments from the DGGI, Chennai zonal unit and our Company is in the process of filing the counter comments to the department. 

- The income tax assessments of our Company have been completed up to the Assessment Year 2016-17. The disputed demand of tax including interest thereon amounted to ₹ 9.48 million. Our Company has already filed appeals against the said tax demands and the same are pending at various appellate levels. Further, after adjusting the liability amount, refund order for Assessment Year 2016-17 was initiated. 

For further information, see our “ _Financial Statements – Annexure VI – Note 34 – Contingent Liabilities and Commitments_ ” on page 223. 

39 

For further information on such contingent liabilities, see “ _Financial Statements_ ” on page 156. In the event that any of these contingent liabilities materialize, our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

**_36. We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights._** 

Our ability to compete effectively depends in part upon protection of our intellectual property rights. 



Currently, we have registered our logo “ ”, and slogans **,** “Bhavishya Path Par” and “Future on Track” slogans under class 36 of the Trade Marks Act. Even though we have obtained registration for these trademarks, we may not always be successful in safeguarding the same from infringement or passing off. Additionally, there can be no assurance that we will be able to effectively recover damages for any infringement of our trademarks through legal proceedings. Further, there can be no assurance that we will be able to renew our existing trademark registrations after expiry. To the extent we are unable to effectively protect our intellectual property, our business and goodwill may be adversely affected. For further information, see “ _Government and other Approvals_ ” on page 344. 

**_37. Our financial performance may be affected in the event of any delay or default by the MoR relating to the payment of lease rentals and / or other payments that are due to our Company under the terms of the Standard Lease Agreement._** 

Under the terms of the Standard Lease Agreement, our Company is entitled to receive lease rentals (including the value of the Rolling Stock Assets leased by us to the MoR in the relevant fiscal year) and/ or certain other payments due to our Company as specified under the Standard Lease Agreement. Under the current provisioning norms as specified by RBI, and pursuant to the exemption granted by RBI by way of its letter dated December 21, 2018, our Company is exempt from the provisioning norms to the extent of our direct exposure to the sovereign. Pursuant to the Standard Lease Agreement, the MoR currently pays the semiannual lease rents in advance. The Standard Lease Agreement does not include any provision where our Company can claim any additional amount from the MoR in the event of a delay by the MoR towards its payment obligations. Our business, financial performance and cash flows may be adversely affected in the event of any delay or default by the MoR relating to the payment of lease rentals and/ or other payments under the terms of the Standard Lease Agreement. 

**_38. Liabilities arising due to interpretational differences of provisions of GST law on implementation and execution of contracts for construction of railway projects directly between us and railway contractors would devolve on us. In case we are unable to recover such liabilities from the MoR our business operations and financial condition may be adversely affected._** 

We have implemented various provisions of the Central Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017, State Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017 and Integrated Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017. Our interpretation of applicable provisions may be different from the interpretation of revenue department/ GST department of the GoI which may result in increase in tax liabilities and interest and penalties thereon. As per terms of the Standard Lease Agreement, indirect taxes, duties and cess are recoverable from the MoR. Further, for construction of railway projects funded by us, up till now, the MoR was our agent for appointment of contractors, overseeing the construction and progress of projects, payment to contractors and other related activities till the completion and leasing of projects to the MoR. We were the undisclosed principal. The construction contracts for projects funded by us were executed between the MoR and the railway contractors. However, with effect from May 1, 2020, our Company is the disclosed principal and the MoR will act as the agent for all construction contracts for railway projects funded by us. The new contracts would be executed between our Company and railway contractors. The contracts for the existing projects funded by us have been novated in the name of our Company. Our Company has also obtained GST registration in certain states where we have funded such projects and are under implementation. On account of being the principal under such contracts, any civil and criminal liability arising out of disputes with contractors would devolve directly on us. We would also be liable for interest and penalties, if any, due to non-compliance of applicable GST and income tax laws on payment to railway contractors by the MoR out of funds transferred by us to them. We expect that all liabilities will be indemnified by the MoR to our Company. However, formal agreements in this regard between the MoR and our Company are yet to be executed. In the event, we are unable to get the aforesaid agreements executed with the MoR or are unable to recover damages, taxes, interest and penalties paid by us, it may affect our adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

40 

**_39. We have entered into certain transactions with related parties in the past and any such transactions or any future related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operation._** 

We have entered into certain transactions with related parties, including our Promoter and our Directors, and may continue to do so in future. In the six months ended September 30, 2020, and Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, the total amount of such related party transactions was ₹ 2,921,538.71 million, ₹ 2,864,950.61 million, ₹ 2,157,343.92 million and ₹ 1,689,453.10 million, respectively. While we believe that all such transactions are in compliance with applicable laws and are on arms-length basis, there can be no assurance that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions not been entered into with related parties, or that we will be able to maintain existing terms in cases where the terms are more favourable than if the transaction had been conducted on arm’s length basis. It is likely that we will enter into other related party transactions in the future. Any future transactions with our related parties could potentially involve conflicts of interest. There can be no assurance that such transactions, individually or in aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations, including because of potential conflicts of interest or otherwise. For further information in relation to transactions with related parties, see “ _Financial Statements_ - _Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 249. 

**_40. We have not registered the title documents to our Registered and Corporate Office premises and accordingly the title to our office premises may be imperfect._** 

We have entered into agreements to sale dated April 11, 2002 and November 21, 2002 in respect of the premises where our Registered Office and Corporate Office is located. Pursuant to the terms of the agreements to sale we took possession of our registered and corporate office. However, the execution of the sale deed in respect of such premises is pending and is subject to the permission of the government. Accordingly, we presently do not hold title to such premises. 

In case the sale deed is not executed and we are required to vacate the premises, we cannot assure you whether we will be able to purchase/ lease alternative premises on terms favourable to us, which could disrupt our business operations. 

**_41. We have made certain delayed quarterly filings with RBI in the recent past and accordingly, we may be subject to action for non-compliance in this regard by RBI. Consequently, we may be subject to regulatory actions and penalties for any such past or future non-compliance and our business, financial condition and reputation may be adversely affected._** 

There was a delay in filing our quarterly returns (NBFC-ND-SI and ALM returns) with RBI for the Financial Year 2019-20, in furtherance to the requirements of the Non-Banking Financial Companies (Reserve Bank) Directions 2016 on the RBI Portal (COSMOS) on account of technical / validation problems on the RBI portal. While no action has currently been taken or initiated by RBI in this regard, we cannot assure you that no future action will be taken by the RBI or any other regulatory authority for such non-compliance, or that we will be able to rectify or mitigate any such non-compliances, in a timely manner or at all. Any adverse regulatory views and consequential actions that we may be required to undertake, may be time consuming and may adversely impact our profitability, results of operations and future prospects. 

**_42. We have issued equity shares at a price lower than the book value of equity per share._** 

We have issued equity shares at a price lower than the book value of equity per share. 2,500,000,000 Equity Shares were issued to the President of India, through Chairman/ Railway Board, and Ex-Officio Principal Secretary to the Government of India, MoR, and the nominees of the President of India, acting through MoR, on a rights issue basis (“ **2020 Rights Issue** ”) on March 30, 2020. SEBI has by way of letter dated August 3, 2020, exempted the Company from compliance with Regulation 25(6) read with Schedule XVI and Regulation 56 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, in respect of the 2020 Rights Issue. For further information in relation to the allotment of Equity Shares made by us, see “ _Capital Structure – Notes to Capital Structure – 1. Equity Share capital history of our Company_ ” on page 70. 

**_43. Our Company has filed applications for adjudication of stamp duty on equity infusions made into our Company by the GoI from time to time since inception which may expose our Company to penalties._** 

41 

We have filed applications on December 24, 2019, December 21, 2019, December 20, 2019 and April 16, 2019 with the Collectorate of Stamps for adjudication of stamp duty on equity infusions made in our Company by GoI from time-to-time which is currently pending. The Collectorate of Stamp may invoke the provisions of the Indian Stamp Act and levy penalty for failure to deposit the stamp duty in time on the equity infusions made by the GoI in our Company from time-to-time since inception which may adversely affect the financial performance and results of operations of our Company. 

**_44. Insurance obtained by us may not adequately protect us against all losses and could adversely affect our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our insurance policies may not provide adequate coverage in certain circumstances and are subject to certain deductibles, exclusions and limits on coverage. For further information, see “ _Our Business – Insurance_ ” on page 122. There can, however, be no assurance that the terms of our insurance policies will be adequate to cover any loss suffered by us or that such coverage will continue to be available on reasonable terms or will be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims, or that the insurer will not disclaim coverage as to any future claim. A successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds our available insurance coverage or changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of a larger deductible or co-insurance requirement, could adversely affect our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_45. We utilize the services of certain third parties for our operations. Any deficiency or interruption in their services could adversely affect our business and reputation._** 

We engage third party service providers from time to time for services including internal auditing, accounting functions, housekeeping, security and secretarial services. Our ability to control the manner in which services are provided by third party service providers is limited and we may be held liable on account of any deficiency of services on the part of such service providers. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in continuing to receive uninterrupted and quality services from our third party service providers. Any disruption or inefficiency in the services provided by our third party service providers could affect our business and reputation. 

**_46. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon future earnings, guidelines issued by the DPE, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements and capital expenditures._** 

As per the CPSE Capital Restructuring Guidelines, all central public sector enterprises are required to pay a minimum annual dividend of 30.00% of profit after tax or 5.00% of the net-worth, whichever is higher, subject to the maximum dividend permitted under the legal provisions and the conditions mentioned in the aforesaid guidelines. However, an exemption from paying dividends may be granted by the DIPAM in accordance with the CPSE Capital Restructuring Guidelines, upon application to its Administrative Department to those CPSEs fulfilling certain criteria including having a high financial gearing (leverage ratio). Accordingly, our Company had written a letter dated September 20, 2017 to the MoR seeking exemption from the CPSE Capital Restructuring Guidelines and requesting the MoR to refer this exemption to DIPAM. Similar representations have also been made by our Company to DIPAM. 

The amount of future dividend payments, if any, will depend upon a number of factors, including but not limited to our future earnings, guidelines issued by the DPE, financial condition, financial gearing, cash flows, working capital requirements, contractual obligations, applicable Indian legal restrictions and capital expenditures. In addition, our ability to pay dividends may be impacted by a number of factors, including results of operations, financial conditions, contractual restrictions and restrictive covenants under the loan or financing agreements our Company may enter into to finance our fund requirements for our business activities. There can be no assurance that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. For further information relating to our dividend policy, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 149. 

**_47. System failures or inadequacy and security breaches in computer systems may adversely affect our business._** 

In the course of our business operations, we collect, process, store, use and otherwise have access to a large volume of information. Our computer networks and IT infrastructure may be vulnerable to computer hackers, computer viruses, worms, malicious applications and other security problems resulting from unauthorized access to, or improper use of, such networks and IT infrastructure by our employees, third-party service 

42 

providers or even independent third parties. We recently experienced an instance of a cyber security incident in relation to our website that required us to temporarily take down our website. Although our security systems have anti-virus software, such malicious cyber security incidents or malware related disruptions may jeopardize the security of information stored in and transmitted through our IT infrastructure and computer systems. We may therefore be required to incur significant expenses to protect against the threat of such security breaches and/ or to alleviate problems caused by such breaches. Unauthorized access and malware sabotage techniques and systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target. We may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. Even if we anticipate these cyber security incidents, we may not be able to prevent or counteract them or control their impact in a timely manner or at all. 

Any security breach, data theft, unauthorized access, unauthorized usage, virus or similar breach or disruption could result in loss or disclosure of confidential information, damage to our reputation, litigation, regulatory investigation or other liabilities. Further, we could be adversely affected if additional legislation or amendments to existing regulations are introduced to require changes in our business practices or if such legislation or regulations are interpreted or implemented in ways that adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_48. The determination of the Price Band is subject to various factors and assumptions and the Issue Price may not be indicative of the trading price of the Equity Shares upon listing on the Stock Exchanges subsequent to the Issue. Further, the current trading price of equity shares listed pursuant to certain past issues handled by the BRLMs is below their respective issue price._** 

The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and will be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholder in consultation with the BRLMs. Further, the Issue Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholder in consultation with the BRLMs through the Book Building Process. This price is based on certain factors, as described under “ _Basis for Issue Price_ ” on page 84 and may not be indicative of the trading price of the Equity Shares, upon listing on the Stock Exchanges subsequent to the Issue. The trading price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Issue and may decline below the Issue Price. We cannot assure that you will be able to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price. In addition to the above, the current trading price of equity shares listed pursuant to certain past issues handled by the BRLMs is below their respective issue price. For further information regarding the track record of the public issues handled by the BRLMs, see “ _Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Price information of past issues handled by the BRLMs_ ” on page 349. 

**_49. Some of the information disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus is based on information from industry sources and publications which have not been independently verified by us._** 

Some of the information disclosed in the “ _Risk Factors_ ”, “ _Industry Overview_ ”, “ _Our Business_ ”, and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” sections of this Red Herring Prospectus is based on information from the Ministry of Railways and certain other industry publications and sources, which have not been verified by us independently. Industry sources and publications generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources considered to be reliable, but their accuracy, adequacy or completeness are not guaranteed and their reliability cannot be assured. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision on this information. 

**_50. We may not be able to detect money-laundering and other illegal or improper activities fully or on a timely basis, which could expose us to additional liability and harm our business or reputation._** 

We are required to comply with applicable anti-money-laundering and anti-terrorism laws and other regulations in India. Although we believe that we have adequate internal policies, processes and controls in place to prevent and detect any anti-money laundering activity, there can be no assurance that we will be able to fully control instances of any potential or attempted violation by other parties and may accordingly be subject to regulatory actions including imposition of fines and other penalties. 

43 

**_51. Our management will have flexibility in utilising the Net Proceeds and there we cannot assure you that the deployment of the Net Proceeds in the manner intended will result in an increase in the value of your investment._** 

We intend to use the Net Proceeds for the purposes described in “ _Objects of the Issue_ ” on page 79. As our management has broad discretion to use the Net Proceeds from the Issue, you will be relying on the judgment of our Company’s management regarding the application of the Net Proceeds. We, in accordance with the policies formulated by the Board from time to time, will have flexibility to deploy the Net Proceeds. The use of the Net Proceeds for purposes identified by our management may not result in actual growth of our business, increased profitability or an increase in the value of your investment. Pending utilization of the Net Proceeds, we intend to deposit such Net Proceeds only in scheduled commercial banks included in the Second Schedule of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934, as may be approved by our Board or IPO Committee. 

**_52. The entire proceeds of the Issue will not be available to us._** 

Given that the Issue comprises the Fresh Issue of up to 1,188,046,000 Equity Shares and an Offer for Sale of up to 594,023,000 Equity Shares by the President of India acting through the MoR, the entire proceeds of the Issue shall not be available to us, as our Company will not benefit from the proceeds of the Offer for Sale. 

**_53. We rely on borrowings from institutional investors and such borrowings are subject to exposure norms prescribed by regulatory authorities and the trading in our non-convertible debentures and bonds may be infrequent, limited or sporadic, which may affect our ability to raise debt financing in future._** 

We rely on borrowings from institutional investors through issuance of bonds on a private placement basis. The fact that such institutions are subject to single party, group and sectoral exposure limits imposed by the regulatory authorities, our ability to raise funds from these institutions may be limited in future. In addition, our bonds and non-convertible debentures are listed on the debt segment of the BSE and NSE. Trading in our debt securities has been limited and we cannot assure you that the debt securities will be frequently traded on the BSE or NSE or that there would be any market for our debt securities. Further, we cannot predict if and to what extent a secondary market may develop for the debt securities or at what price such debt securities will trade in the secondary market or whether such market will be liquid or illiquid. 

# **EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

**_Risks Relating to India and Other External Risk Factors_** 

**_54. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as US GAAP and IFRS, which may be material to investors' assessments of our Company's financial condition. Our failure to successfully adopt IFRS may have an adverse effect on the price of our Equity Shares._** 

Our financial statements are prepared and presented in conformity with Ind AS. Ind AS differs in certain significant respects from U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. If our financial statements were to be prepared in accordance with such other accounting principles or U.S. GAAP, our results of operations, cash flows and financial position may be substantially different. Prospective investors should review the accounting policies applied in the preparation of our financial statements, and consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between these accounting principles and those with which they may be more familiar. 

**_55. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

<mark>Our results of operations and financial condition depend significantly on worldwide economic conditions and the health of the Indian economy. Various factors may lead to a slowdown in the Indian or world economy which in turn may adversely impact our business, prospects, financial performance and operations.</mark> 

We mainly derive revenue from our operations in India and the performance and growth of our business is significantly dependent on the performance of the Indian economy. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. Demand for our products may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional and global economies. Economic growth in the countries is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and 

44 

movements in key imports (oil and oil products), global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall which affects agricultural production. Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Conditions outside India, such as a slowdown or recession in the economic growth of other major countries, especially the United States, and emerging market conditions in Asia also have an impact on the growth of the Indian economy. Additionally, an increase in trade deficit could negatively affect interest rates and liquidity, which could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business. A loss of investor confidence in other emerging market economies or any worldwide financial instability may adversely affect the Indian economy, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations and the market price of the Equity Shares. Also, a change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could adversely affect economic conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular and high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our revenues. 

**_56. Natural disasters, acts of war, political unrest, epidemics, terrorist attacks or other events which are beyond our control, may cause damage, loss or disruption to our business and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects._** 

Natural disasters (such as typhoons, flooding and earthquakes), epidemics, pandemics such as COVID-19, acts of war, terrorist attacks and other events, many of which are beyond our control, may lead to economic instability, including in India or globally, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations may be adversely affected by fires, natural disasters and/or severe weather, which can result in damage to our property or inventory and generally reduce our productivity and may require us to evacuate personnel and suspend operations. Any terrorist attacks or civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic and political events in India or countries to who we export our products could have a negative effect on us. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the price of the Equity Shares. A number of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to contagious diseases and, for example, have had confirmed cases of diseases such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID-19 virus. A worsening of the current outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic or future outbreaks of COVID-19 virus or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the Indian economy and economic activity in the region. As a result, any present or future outbreak of a contagious disease could have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

**_57. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in global financial markets across the world in recent years has adversely affected the Indian economy. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby negatively affect the Indian economy. Financial disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on our principal markets. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. Following the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union (“ **Brexit** ”), there remains uncertainty around the impact of Brexit on the general economic conditions in the United Kingdom and the European Union and any consequential impact on global financial markets. For example, Brexit could give rise to increased volatility in foreign exchange rate movements and the value of equity and debt investments. 

In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy as well as a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries However, the overall long-term effect of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. Any significant financial disruption could have a material adverse effect on 

45 

our business, financial condition and results of operation. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_58. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of corporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and, financial condition._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. 

The Finance Act, 2020 (“ **Finance Act** ”), has, amongst others things, provided a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime, including, without limitation, a simplified alternate direct tax regime and that dividend distribution tax ( **“DDT** ”), will not be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident and likely be subject to tax deduction at source. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source from such dividend. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. 

In addition, we are subject to tax related inquiries and claims. We may be particularly affected by claims from tax authorities on account of income tax assessment, service tax and GST that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into one unified rate of interest with effect from July 1, 2017. 

For instance, the Finance Act, 2019 stipulates any sale, transfer and issue of securities through exchanges, depositories or otherwise to be charged with stamp duty. The Finance Act, 2019 has also clarified that the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a nondelivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. These amendments were notified on December 10, 2019 and have come into effect from July 1, 2020. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2019 may have on our Company’s business and operations. 

Further, the Government of India has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2021, pursuant to which the Finance Act, effective from July 1, 2020, has introduced various amendments. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2020 may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. 

**_59. Rights of shareholders under Indian law may differ or may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

The Companies Act and rules made thereunder, the rules and regulations issued by SEBI and other regulatory authorities, the Memorandum of Association, and the Articles of Association govern the corporate affairs of our Company. Indian legal principles relating to these matters and the validity of corporate procedures, 

46 

directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as a shareholder in India than as a shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

# **_60. Difficulties faced by other financial institutions or the Indian financial sector generally could cause our business to suffer._** 

We are exposed to the risks of the Indian financial system. The financial difficulties faced by certain Indian financial institutions could materially adversely affect our business because the commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships. Such “systemic risk”, may materially adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, banks, securities firms and exchanges with which we interact on a daily basis. Any such difficulties or instability of the Indian financial system in general could create an adverse market perception about Indian financial institutions and banks and materially adversely affect our business. For instance, towards the end of 2018, defaults in debt repayments by a large NBFC in India, Infrastructure Leasing & Financial Services Limited, which had a significant shareholding from government-owned institutions, led to heightened investor focus around the health of the broader NBFC sector as well as their sources of liquidity. This has led to some tightening in liquidity available to certain NBFCs and, as a result, it has become more difficult for certain NBFCs to renew loans and raise capital in recent times. If any event of similar nature or magnitude affecting the market sentiment surrounding the sector occurs again in the future, it may result in increased borrowing costs and difficulties in accessing cost-effective debt for us. Our cost of borrowings is sensitive to interest rate fluctuations which exposes us to the risk of reduction in spreads, on account of volatility in interest rates. In addition, our transactions with these financial institutions expose us to various risks in the event of default by a counterparty, which can impact us negatively during periods of market illiquidity _._ 

# **_61. Investors may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution by the company. However, if the law of the jurisdiction the investors are in, does not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without us filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file an offering document or a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in us would be reduced. 

**_62. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us._** 

We are incorporated under the laws of India and all of our Directors and key management personnel reside in India. The majority of our assets, and the assets of certain of our Directors, key management personnel and other senior management, are also located in India. Where investors wish to enforce foreign judgments in India, they may face difficulties in enforcing such judgments. India exercises reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions. In order to be enforceable, a judgment obtained in a jurisdiction which India recognises as a reciprocating territory must meet certain requirements of the Civil Procedure Code, 1908 (the “ **CPC** ”). Further, the CPC only permits enforcement of monetary decrees not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes or, other charges of a similar nature or in respect of a fine or other penalty. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions not recognised as a reciprocating territory by India, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, cannot be enforced or executed in India. Even if a party were to obtain a judgment in such a jurisdiction, it would be required to institute a fresh suit upon the judgment in India and would not be able to enforce such judgment by proceedings in execution. Further, the party which has obtained such judgment must institute the new proceedings within three years of obtaining the judgment. As a result, the investor may be unable to: (i) effect service of process outside of India upon us and such other 

47 

persons or entities; or (ii) enforce in courts outside of India judgments obtained in such courts against us and such other persons or entities. 

It cannot be assured that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it views the amount of damages awarded as excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. A party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval from the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered pursuant to the execution of such foreign judgment. 

**_63. Inflation in India could have an adverse effect on our profitability and if significant, on our financial condition._** 

The Indian economy has had sustained periods of high inflation in the recent past which has contributed to an increase in interest rates. High fluctuation in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Continued high rates of inflation may increase our expenses related to salaries or wages payable to our employees or any other expenses. There can be no assurance that our revenue will increase proportionately corresponding to such inflation. Accordingly, high rates of inflation in India could have an adverse effect on our profitability and, if significant, on our financial condition. 

# **_64. QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Bidders can revise their Bids during the Bid/ Issue Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/ Issue Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Issue within six Working Days from the Bid/ Issue Closing Date, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Issue or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

# **_Risks Relating to the Equity Shares_** 

**_65. Any future issuance of Equity Shares may dilute your shareholding and sales of our Equity Shares by our Promoter may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

After the completion of the Issue, our Promoter, the President of India, acting through the MoR will own, directly and indirectly, approximately 86.36% of our outstanding Equity Shares. Any future equity issuances by us, including in a primary offering, may lead to the dilution of your shareholdings. Any future equity issuances by us or sales of our Equity Shares by our Promoter or by any other significant shareholder after completion of the Issue, may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that our Company will not issue Equity Shares or that our significant shareholders will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

**_66. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges in a timely manner or at all._** 

In accordance with Indian law and practice, permission for listing and trading of our Equity Shares will not be granted until after certain actions have been completed in relation to this Issue and until Allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to this Issue. In accordance with current regulations of SEBI, our Equity Shares are required to be listed on the Stock Exchanges within six Working Days from the Bid/ Issue Closing Date, subject to any change in the prescribed timeline in this regard. 

However, we cannot assure you that the trading in our Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner or at all. Any failure or delay in obtaining final listing and trading approvals may restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares. 

48 

**_67. The Issue Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Issue._** 

The Issue Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholder in consultation with the BRLMs through the Book Building Process. The Issue Price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Issue Price_ ” on page 84 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Issue. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Issue, and may decline below the Issue Price. We cannot assure you that the investor will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price. 

**_68. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and the Issue may not result in an active or liquid market for the Equity Shares. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and the investors may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Issue, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the stock exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Issue. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India and volatility in the Stock Exchanges and securities markets elsewhere in the world. 

**_69. The trading volume and market price of the Equity Shares may be volatile following the Issue._** 

The market price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate as a result of, among other things, the following factors, some of which are beyond our control: 

- quarterly variations in our results of operations; 

- 

   - results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

- changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by research analysts and investors; 

- 

   - research analysts’ recommendations; 

- announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us; 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- new laws and governmental regulations applicable to our industry; 

- additions or departures of key management personnel; 

- changes in exchange rates; 

- changes in the price of oil or gas; 

- fluctuations in stock market prices and volume; and 

- general economic and stock market conditions. 

For these reasons, investors should not rely on recent trends to predict future share prices, results of operations or cash flow and financial condition. Changes in relation to any of the factors listed above could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_70. Financial instability, economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries may also cause the price of the Equity Shares to decline._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market countries in Asia. Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. Recently, the currencies of a few Asian countries including India suffered depreciation against the U.S. dollar owing to among other things, the announcement by the US government that it may consider reducing its quantitative easing measures. A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets 

49 

and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy. Financial disruptions may occur again and could harm our business, prospects, future financial performance and the prices of the Equity Shares. 

The global credit and equity markets have experienced substantial dislocations, liquidity disruptions and market corrections in recent years. Liquidity and credit concerns and volatility in the global credit and financial markets have increased significantly with the bankruptcy or acquisition of, and government assistance extended to, several major US and European financial institutions. These and other related events, such as the European sovereign debt crisis and a slowdown in economic growth in China, have had a significant impact on the global credit and financial markets as a whole, including reduced liquidity, greater volatility, widening of credit spreads and a lack of price transparency in global credit and financial markets. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators have implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. 

However, the overall impact of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. In the event that the current difficult conditions in the global credit markets continue or if there is any significant financial disruption, such conditions could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, future financial performance and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

**_71. If our Company is classified as a passive foreign investment company (“PFIC”) for U.S. Federal income tax purposes, U.S. investors may incur adverse tax consequences._** 

Under U.S. Federal income tax laws, U.S. investors are subject to special tax rules if they invest in passive foreign investment companies, or PFICs. While we do not believe that we are, or will become in the foreseeable future, a PFIC, since the applicable PFIC rules are complex, there is a risk that we are or may become a PFIC in the future. If we are or do qualify as being a PFIC, U.S. investors generally will not be subject to the regular U.S. federal income tax rules applicable to dividends and capital gains, but will be subject to complex PFIC rules that could result in additional taxation upon certain distributions by us and/ or disposition of Equity Shares. 

**_72. Foreign investors are subject to foreign investment restrictions under Indian law that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares_** . 

Under the foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfers of shares between non-residents and residents and issuances of shares to non-residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions) if they comply with the requirements specified by the RBI or the concerned ministries or departments of the Government of India. If such issuances or transfers of shares are not in compliance with such requirements or fall under any of the specified exceptions, then prior approval of the RBI will be required. Any change in such interpretation could impact our ability to attract foreign investors. 

In addition, shareholders who seek to convert the Indian Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India will require a no-objection or tax clearance certificate from the income tax authority. Additionally, the Government of India may impose foreign exchange restrictions in certain emergency situations, including situations where there are sudden fluctuations in interest rates or exchange rates, where the Government of India experiences extreme difficulty in stabilising the balance of payments, or where there are substantial disturbances in the financial and capital markets in India. These restrictions may require foreign investors to obtain the Government of India's approval before acquiring Indian securities or repatriating the interest or dividends from those securities or the proceeds from the sale of those securities. We cannot assure you that any approval required from the RBI or any other government agency can be obtained on any particular terms, or at all. 

**_73. Investors will be subject to market risks until the Equity Shares credited to the investor’s demat account are listed and permitted to trade._** 

Investors may begin trading the Equity Shares allotted to them only after they have been credited to an investor’s demat account, are listed and permitted to trade. Since the Equity Shares are currently not traded on the Stock Exchanges, investors will be subject to market risk from the date they pay for the Equity Shares to the date when trading approval is granted for the same. Further, there can be no assurance that the Equity 

50 

Shares allocated to an investor will be credited to the investor’s demat account or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner. 

**_74. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares on a stock exchange held for more than 12 months will be subject to long term capital gains in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as whether the sale is undertaken on or off the stock exchanges, the quantum of gains and any available treaty exemption. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of Securities Transaction Tax (“ **STT** ”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

**_75. Compliance with provisions of Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act may affect payments on the Equity Shares._** 

The U.S. “Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act” (or “ **FATCA** ”) imposes a new reporting regime and potentially, imposes a 30% withholding tax on certain “foreign passthru payments” made by certain non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries). 

If payments on the Equity Shares are made by such non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries), this withholding may be imposed on such payments if made to any non-U.S. financial institution (including an intermediary) that is not otherwise exempt from FATCA or other holders who do not provide sufficient identifying information to the payer, to the extent such payments are considered “foreign passthru payments”. Under current guidance, the term “foreign passthru payment” is not defined and it is therefore not clear whether and to what extent payments on the Equity Shares would be considered “foreign passthru payments”. The United States has entered into intergovernmental agreements with many jurisdictions (including India) that modify the FATCA withholding regime described above. It is not yet clear how the intergovernmental agreements between the United States and these jurisdictions will address “foreign passthru payments” and whether such agreements will require us or other financial institutions to withhold or report on payments on the Equity Shares to the extent they are treated as “foreign passthru payments”. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the consequences of FATCA, or any intergovernmental agreement or non-U.S. legislation implementing FATCA, to their investment in Equity Shares. 

51 

