# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, the industry in which we operate or to India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not currently known to us or that we currently do not deem material may also adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are not currently deemed material, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected, the price of our Equity Shares could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. In order to obtain a complete understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Restated Financial Statements” beginning on pages 154, 127, 272 and 207, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical and other information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of our Company and our business and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved._ 

_Prospective investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are unable to quantify the financial or other impact of any of the risks described in this section. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 17._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information included herein is based on or derived from our Restated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Restated Financial Statements” beginning on page 207. Unless the context otherwise requires, in this section, references to “we”, “us”, “our”, “our Company”, or “the Company” refers to Indigo Paints Limited._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the report titled “Independent Market Report for Paints Sector in India” dated November 9, 2020 (the “_ **_F&S Report_** _”) prepared and issued by Frost & Sullivan India Private Limited commissioned by us. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the F&S Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year._ 

# **RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS** 

**_1. An inability to protect, strengthen and enhance our existing brand could adversely affect our business prospects and financial performance._** 

Our business reputation and the “ _Indigo_ ” brand under which we sell products are critical to the success of our business. While we have been making consistent efforts to strengthen the “ _Indigo_ ” brand, various factors, some of which are beyond our control, are critical for maintaining and enhancing our brand, and if not managed properly, may negatively affect our brand and reputation. These include our ability to effectively manage the quality of our products; increase brand awareness among existing and potential dealers and end-customers; adapt our advertising and promotion efforts to emerging industry standards; and protect the intellectual property related to our brand. Also see “ _– We may not be able to adequately protect or continue to use our intellectual property. In addition, the use of our brand “Indigo” or similar trade names by third parties could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._ ” on pages 35-36. 

Our success in marketing our existing and new products depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing marketing and media environment, including our increasing reliance on direct promotional initiatives, advertising through television and newspaper advertisements in key geographies, and the evolving trend of digital marketing through social media and other alternate channels. Our advertisement and sales promotion expenses in Fiscal 2018, 

23 

2019 and 2020 has been relatively high and represented 11.22%, 12.63%, and 12.65% of our revenue from operations in such years, respectively. The advertising and promotion spends as a percentage of revenue from operations of the top four paint companies was in the range of 3.8% to 5.8% in Fiscal 2018, 3.1% to 5.0% in Fiscal 2019, and 3.3% to 5.0% in Fiscal 2020 ( _Source: F&S Report_ ). There can be no assurance that our advertising or marketing efforts will be successful in maintaining our brand and its perception with dealers and/ or result in increased sales in the future. Also, we may not necessarily increase or maintain our advertisement and sales promotion spends in proportion to our growth in the future, which may result in limited marketing initiatives. Our inability to adapt to evolving marketing trends at the same pace as our competitors may adversely affect our ability to effectively compete in terms of our brand equity. 

Negative publicity regarding the brand ambassadors we engage to represent our brand could also adversely affect our brand and consequently the sale of our products. In addition, we are typically required to indemnify our brand ambassador for any and all claims (including third party claims), lawsuits, actions, damages, and liabilities against them arising from our advertising, product or endorsement materials and marketing or promotional schemes. We may also be exposed to any alleged claims relating to any misrepresentation in our advertisement and promotional materials as well as cost of any legal proceedings with respect thereto. 

Our brand could also be negatively impacted if we fail to maintain our established standards of service, or if our products fail to meet the expectation of our dealers and painters that distribute and use our products. Any allegations of deterioration in product quality even when false or unfounded, could tarnish the image of our brand and may cause our dealers, painters and end-customers to choose other competing products. Any negative publicity regarding us, our brand, our products or the paint industry generally could adversely affect our reputation and our results of operations. In addition, counterfeit products, product defects, and ineffective promotional activities are all potential threats to the image and potency of our brand. Our failure to develop, maintain and enhance our brand may result in decreased revenue and loss of customers, and in turn adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

**_2. The continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations is uncertain and it may be significant and continue to have an adverse effect on our business, operations and our future financial performance._** 

The World Health Organization declared the novel coronavirus disease (“ **COVID-19** ”) outbreak a Public Health Emergency of International Concern on January 30, 2020, and a pandemic on March 11, 2020. The rapid and diffused spread of COVID-19 and global health concerns relating to this pandemic have had a severe negative impact on, among other things, financial markets, liquidity, economic conditions and trade and could continue to do so or could worsen for an unknown period of time, that could in turn have a material adverse impact on our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition, including liquidity and growth. The extent to which the COVID-19 outbreak impacts our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, including the timeliness and effectiveness of actions taken or not taken to contain and mitigate the effects of COVID-19 both in India and internationally, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. There is currently substantial medical uncertainty regarding COVID-19. A rapid increase in severe cases and deaths where measures taken by governments fail or are lifted prematurely, may cause unprecedented economic disruption in India and in the rest of the world. The scope, duration and frequency of such measures and the adverse effects of COVID19 remain uncertain and are likely to be severe. 

On March 14, 2020, India declared COVID-19 as a “notified disaster” and imposed a nationwide lockdown on March 24, 2020. While progressive relaxations have since been granted for movement of goods and people and cautious reopening of businesses and offices, lockdowns may be re-introduced in the future. On account of the nationwide lockdown, operations at all of our manufacturing facilities were suspended. This resulted in a decrease in sale of our products particularly during the months of March 2020 and April 2020 on account of government restrictions imposed and additionally on account of cost control measures implemented by our dealers and end-customers. We also experienced disruptions in supply chain and inventory management, as well as delays in orders and payments. In particular, some of our purchase orders were cancelled and/ or deferred by our dealers. While we restarted manufacturing operations at all of our manufacturing facilities with the progressive relaxation of the lockdown in May 2020, we are required to implement additional safety measures, such as, regular temperature checks, regular sanitization, and compulsory use of masks and hand sanitization, and limited workforce. We have monitored and considered the impact of known events arising from the COVID-19 pandemic including with respect to our liquidity and going concern, recoverable values of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and the net realisable value of other assets. While our revenue from operations decreased marginally by 4.85% from ₹ 2,726.36 million in the six months ended September 30, 2019 to ₹ 2,594.20 million in the six months ended September 30, 2020, primarily due to a decline in sale of goods as a result of the nationwide lockdown, based on such assessment, the management has concluded that there is no additional impact on account of COVID-19 which is required to be recognised in the Restated Financial Statements. However, we will continue to closely monitor the impact that COVID-19 may have on 

24 

our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic may also significantly increase the effect of the aforementioned factors affecting our results of operations. 

The impact of the pandemic on our business, operations and future financial performance has included and may include the following: 

- temporary shutdown of our manufacturing facilities or sales depots due to government restrictions; 

- decrease in sales of our products, particularly in the first half of Fiscal 2021 including on account of cost control measures implemented by our dealers and/ or end-customers; 

- inability to utilize our workforce including because of travel or government restrictions, such as stay at home orders, or illness of our employees due to COVID-19 and associated quarantining requirements, which resulted in a slowdown in our operations; 

- disruptions to our supply chain in terms of raw material sourcing due to temporary closure of the facilities of suppliers, and delivery of finished products due to transportation restrictions; 

- delays or indefinite postponement in the future of our proposed expansion plans/ product development activities; 

- delays in orders or delivery of orders, and if prolonged may negatively impact our cash conversion cycle and ability to convert our backlog into cash; 

- inability to collect full or partial payments from dealers due to deterioration in liquidity, including financial distress experienced by dealers; 

- inability in the future to access debt and equity capital on acceptable terms, or at all; 

- inability in the future to comply with the covenants in our credit facilities and other financing agreements, which could result in events of default and the acceleration of repayment; and 

- potential negative impact on the health of our employees, particularly if a significant number of them are afflicted by COVID-19, resulting in a deterioration in our ability to ensure business continuity during this disruption. 

Any resulting financial impact due to the above cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. In addition, we cannot predict the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our dealers, suppliers and other business partners, and each of their financial conditions; however, any material effect on these parties could adversely impact us. As a result of these uncertainties, the impact may vary significantly from that estimated by our management from time to time, and any action to contain or mitigate such impact, whether government-mandated or opted by us, may not have the anticipated effect or may fail to achieve its intended purpose altogether. Existing insurance coverage may not provide protection or coverage for any costs that may arise from all such possible events. In addition, our Statutory Auditors have included certain matters of emphasis with respect to the impact of COVID-19 on our operations, in the audit reports issued on our audited financial statements for Fiscal 2020 and the six months ended September 30, 2020. For further information, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis on the Financial Conditions and Results of Operations - Auditor’s Observations_ ” on page 306. 

Further, we generate almost all of our revenue in India. The effects of COVID-19 in India may be of a greater magnitude, scope and duration than those experienced to date in other countries. To the extent that the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this “ _Risk Factors_ ” section. 

# **_3. We engage in a highly competitive business and any failure to effectively compete could have a material adverse effect on us._** 

The Indian decorative paint industry has historically been dominated by four major entities that had an aggregate market share of 65% in 2019, as the industry presents significant entry barriers ( _Source: F&S Report_ ). These market entry barriers include the development of an extensive distribution network through long-term relationships with dealers, the ability to set up tinting machines with dealers, as well as significant marketing costs and the establishment of a distinct brand to gain product acceptance ( _Source: F&S Report_ ). We compete on the basis of the strength of our differentiated products, distribution network, brand recognition, and ability to populate tinting machines. As a result, to remain competitive in our markets, we must continuously strive to manufacture differentiated products, expand our distribution network, enhance our brand and improve our operating efficiencies. 

The organized market accounts for the top 10 to 12 players, with an aggregate market share of 77% of the decorative market share ( _Source: F&S Report_ ). The remaining 23% comprises many small, mainly regional or local players ( _Source: F&S Report_ ). Our competitors therefore also include companies that have established their presence in specific regions as part of their strategy, particularly in the southern region of India ( _Source: F&S Report_ ). These competitors may limit our opportunity to increase our market share as a result of a stronger dealer network in such regions and population of tinting machines at these locations, and may also compete with us on pricing of products. We may also face competition from new entrants in the market, who may be leveraging the goodwill generated from their other businesses to gain market share in the decorative paint industry. Similarly, consolidation in the Indian paint industry and an increase in the number of larger competitors may also adversely affect our results of operations. As 

25 

paint manufacturers consolidate and become larger, they gain access to a larger base of dealers, painters, tinting machines, resulting in greater competition, which may lead to lower margins and adversely affect our results of operations. 

Some of our competitors may have larger business operations, may be diversified with operations across India, may have greater financial resources than we do, may have access to a cheaper cost of capital and may be able to produce paint more efficiently or invest larger amounts of capital into their businesses in terms of strengthening their brands, expanding their distribution networks and expending greater resources to populate tinting machines. Our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to compete with our competitors and sell paint at competitive prices. For example, if any of our competitors strengthens their brand and caters to the markets we are present in through differentiated products, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted. Our competitors may also introduce new and more competitive products and strengthen their supply chain management, make strategic acquisitions or establish relationships among themselves or with third parties, including painters/ dealers of our products, thereby increasing their ability to address the needs of our target customers. An inability to effectively compete in terms of branding, providing competitive and differentiated products or services or expand into new markets, could have a material negative effect on our business, financial condition and growth prospects. 

# **_4. We may not be able to identify or effectively respond to evolving preferences, expectations or trends in a timely manner, and a failure to derive the desired benefits from our product development efforts may impact our competitiveness and profitability._** 

The success of our business depends in part on our ability to anticipate, identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in demographics and preferences, customer expectations, needs and demands, and develop new/ differentiated products to meet these requirements. The environment for retail in relation to home improvement is rapidly evolving, and aligning our business to respond to evolving preferences for decorative paints is critical to our future success. Our success is also dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, and other trends that affect demographic and end-customer preferences in a variety of our paint categories. 

We cannot assure you that our future product development initiatives will be successful or be completed within the anticipated period or budget, or that our newly developed or improvised products will achieve wide market acceptance from our dealers. For instance, we have in the past expended resources in developing and launching some differentiated products that did not perform as expected once launched, or that we failed to launch altogether. Even if these products have been successfully developed, there is no guarantee that they will be accepted by our dealers and achieve anticipated sales targets in a profitable manner, which may affect our ability to grow our network of dealers and gain market share. In addition, there can be no guarantee that the time and effort that we spend in developing these products would be beneficial to our Company. This could also adversely affect our ability to pursue our growth strategy of continuing to develop niche and differentiated products to grow our market share. Further, we cannot assure you that our existing or potential competitors will not develop products that are similar or superior to our products. It is often difficult to estimate the time to market new products and there is a substantial risk that we may have to abandon a potential product that is no longer commercially viable, even after we have invested significant resources in the development of such product. If we fail in our product launching efforts, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows may be materially and adversely affected. 

Further, as we continue to grow our business by expanding our products, brand offerings and our geographic reach, maintaining quality and consistency may be more difficult and there can be no assurance that the dealers’ confidence in our brand will not diminish. Failure or any delay on our part to identify such trends, to align our business successfully and maintain quality could negatively affect our brand image, our relationship with our dealers, the rate of growth of our business, our market share and our prospects. 

**_5. Our ability to grow our business depends on our relationships with our dealers and the community of painters, and any adverse changes in these relationships, or our inability to enter into new relationships, could negatively affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our business is dependent on the decisions and actions of our dealers which is determined by our ability to maintain and strengthen our relationships and arrangements with existing dealers as well as our ability to establish and maintain relationships with new dealers. In addition, as dealers and end-customers are also influenced by painter contractors and individual painters, our business is also dependent on the relationships we share with the community of painters. As of March 31, 2020 and September 30, 2020, we distributed our products to a network of 11,230 and 10,988 Active Dealers, respectively. Our relationship with our dealers and painters is dependent to a large extent on our ability to regularly meet their requirements, including by introducing differentiated products with greater marketability, price competitiveness, efficient and timely product deliveries, and consistent product quality. In the event we are unable to meet such requirements in the future, it may result in decrease in orders or cessation of business from affected dealers or painters. In addition, failure to provide dealers with sufficient inventories of our products may result in lesser sales of our products compared to the demand. There are also a number of factors relating to our dealers and painters beyond 

26 

our control that might result in the termination of our arrangement or the loss of a dealer or painter relationship, including change in preferences of our dealers or painters as well as a demand for price reductions. Further, the deterioration of the financial condition or business prospects of these dealers could affect their ability to maintain inventory and thus reduce demand for our products and could result in a significant decline in the revenues we derive from such dealers. Adverse changes in our relationships with our dealers and painters, or the inability to develop new products for existing dealers or painters or to successfully establish relationships with new dealers or painters, could therefore limit our business prospects, which could adversely affect our financial performance. Also see “ _– We are in the process of expanding our operations and establishing a network of dealers in regions where we do not have a significant presence and prior experience. Any failure to expand into these new regions could adversely affect our sales, financial condition, result of operations, and cash flows._ ” on page 34. 

We may also face disruptions in the delivery of our products for various reasons beyond our control, including poor freight forwarding of our products, transportation bottlenecks, natural disasters, infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic and labour issues, which could lead to deliveries being delayed or lost, resulting in insufficient inventories at dealer outlets. If we fail to deliver products to dealers in a timely manner, or if our dealers fail to adhere to the terms of our arrangements, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

# **_6. We do not enter into long-term arrangements with our dealers and any failure to continue our existing arrangements could negatively affect our business and results of operations._** 

We sell all our products through our dealer network. We presently do not have any long-term or exclusive arrangements with any of our dealers and we cannot assure you that we will be able to sell the quantities we have historically supplied to such dealers. Our dealers are typically multi-brand and also distribute products of our competitors. In the event our competitors’ products offer better margins to such dealers or otherwise incentivizes them, there can be no assurance that our dealers will continue to promote our products or place orders with us. Most of our transactions with our dealers are typically on a purchase order basis without any commitment for a fixed volume of business. There can also be no assurance that our dealers will renew their arrangements with us on current or similar terms, or at all. Further, our dealers could change their business practices or seek to modify the terms that we have customarily followed with them, including in relation to their payment terms. While we negotiate product prices and payment terms with our dealers, in the event our dealers alter their requirements, it could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. In addition, our dealers may also cancel purchase orders at short notice or without notice, which could have an impact on our inventory management. Termination of any of the above mentioned arrangements or frequent cancellation of purchase orders could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Further, in the event our dealers experience any delays in placing orders with us, do not effectively market our products, or if they prefer to market the products of our competitors, it could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our inability to maintain our existing distribution network could have a material adverse effect on our sales, business growth and prospects, results of operation, financial condition, and cash flows. Further, the performance of our dealers, their sales network and their ability to expand their businesses are crucial to the future growth of our business and directly affect our sales volume and profitability. If any of the dealers fails to distribute our products in a timely manner, or at all, or if our relationships with dealers are adversely affected, our profitability could be materially and adversely affected. 

**_7. Under-utilization of our manufacturing capacities and an inability to effectively utilize our expanded manufacturing capacities could have an adverse effect on our business, future prospects and future financial performance._** 

As of September 30, 2020, we own and operate three manufacturing facilities in Rajasthan, Kerala and Tamil Nadu with an aggregate estimated installed production capacity of 101,903 KLPA for liquid paints and 93,118 MTPA for putties and powder paints. Our ability to maintain our profitability depends on our ability to optimize the product mix to support high-margin products and products with consistent long-term demand; and the demand and supply balance of our products in the principal and target markets. In particular, the level of our capacity utilization can impact our operating results. Capacity utilization is also affected by our product mix and the demand and supply balance. 

Our capacity utilization levels are dependent on our ability to carry out uninterrupted operations at manufacturing facilities, the availability of raw materials, industry/ market conditions, as well as by the product requirements of, and procurement practice followed by, our dealers. In the event we face prolonged disruptions at our facilities including due to interruptions in the supply of water, electricity or as a result of labour unrest, or are unable to procure sufficient raw materials, we would not be able to achieve full capacity utilization of our current manufacturing facilities, resulting in operational inefficiencies which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Further, we have made certain investments for the expansion of our manufacturing capacities in the past and intend to use a part of the Net Proceeds towards expansion of our manufacturing facilities, specifically at our manufacturing facility located in Tamil Nadu. Our proposed expansion plans are based on demand forecasts that are subject to various 

27 

assumptions including product trends in the industry, inventory management at dealer outlets, weather conditions and seasonality in the industry, and end-customer spending preferences, that are based on prevailing economic conditions. Adequate utilization of our expanded capacities is therefore subject to various factors beyond our control and in case of oversupply in the industry or lack of demand, we may not be able to utilise our expanded capacities efficiently. The success of any capacity expansion and expected return on investment on capital invested is subject to, among other factors, the ability to procure requisite regulatory approvals in a timely manner; recruit and ensure satisfactory performance of personnel to further grow our business; and the ability to absorb additional infrastructure costs and develop new expertise and utilize the expanded capacities as anticipated. Also see “ – _Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds are based on management estimates and may be subject to change based on various factors, some of which are beyond our control_ ” and “ – _Our proposed capacity expansion plans relating to our manufacturing facilities are subject to the risk of unanticipated delays in implementation and cost overruns_ ” on pages 30 and 28-29, respectively. 

In Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020, our overall capacity utilization for liquid paint production was 71.80%, 57.64% and 47.49%, respectively, and for powder paint production was 66.98%, 90.61% and 50.87%, respectively. In the six months ended September 30, 2019 and 2020, our overall capacity utilization for liquid paint production was 30.06% and 20.77%, respectively, and for powder paint production was 110.68% and 57.98%, respectively. For further information, see “ _Our Business - Capacity and Capacity Utilization_ ” on pages 165-167. These rates are not indicative of future capacity utilization rates, which is dependent on various factors, including demand for our products, availability of raw materials, our ability to manage our inventory and improve operational efficiency. Under-utilization of our manufacturing capacities over extended periods, or significant under-utilization in the short-term, could materially and adversely impact our business, growth prospects and future financial performance. 

**_8. Our Statutory Auditor has included certain matters of emphasis in our Restated Financial Statements. In addition, the annexure to our Statutory Auditors’ report issued under the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2016 (“CARO”), on our historical audited financial statements contain statements on certain matters._** 

Our Statutory Auditors have included certain matters of emphasis in relation to our Company in our Restated Financial Statements. In addition, the annexure to our Statutory Auditors’ report issued under the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2016, on our audited financial statements for Fiscal 2018, 2019, and 2020 contain statements on certain matters. For further information, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis on the Financial Conditions and Results of Operations - Auditor’s Observations_ ” page 306. 

There can be no assurance that any similar remarks or matters of emphasis will not form part of our financial statements for the future fiscal periods, or that such remarks will not affect our financial results in future fiscal periods. Investors should consider the remarks and observations in evaluating our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Any such remarks or matters of emphasis in the auditors’ report and/ or CARO report on our financial statements in the future may also adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

**_9. Our proposed capacity expansion plans relating to our manufacturing facilities are subject to the risk of unanticipated delays in implementation and cost overruns._** 

<mark>We have made and intend to continue making investments to expand the capacity of our manufacturing facilities to aid our growth efforts and consolidate our pan-India presence. We intend to use a part of the Net Proceeds towards expansion of our existing manufacturing facility at our Pudukkottai Facility in Tamil Nadu by setting-up an additional unit. For further information, see “</mark> _<mark>Our Business</mark>_ <mark>–</mark> _<mark>Proposed Expansion Plans</mark>_ <mark>” and “</mark> _<mark>Objects of the Offer</mark>_ <mark>” on pages 167 and 90.</mark> 

Our expansion plans remain subject to the potential problems and uncertainties that construction projects face including cost overruns or delays. Problems that could adversely affect our expansion plans include labour shortages, increased costs of equipment or manpower, inadequate performance of the equipment and machinery installed in our manufacturing facilities, delays in completion, defects in design or construction, the possibility of unanticipated future regulatory restrictions, delays in receiving governmental, statutory and other regulatory approvals, incremental preoperating expenses, taxes and duties, interest and finance charges, working capital margin, environment and ecology costs and other external factors which may not be within the control of our management. There can be no assurance that the proposed capacity additions and expansions will be completed as planned or on schedule, and if they are not completed in a timely manner, or at all, our budgeted costs may be insufficient to meet our proposed capital expenditure requirements. If our actual capital expenditures significantly exceed our budgets, or even if our budgets were sufficient to cover these projects, we may not be able to achieve the intended economic benefits of these projects, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete the aforementioned expansion and additions in accordance with the proposed schedule of implementation and any delay could have an adverse impact on our growth, prospects, cash flows and financial condition. 

28 

The proposed expansion by setting up an additional unit will require us to obtain various approvals, which are routine in nature. We have obtained in-principle approval from the Joint Director of Industrial Safety and Health, Thanjavur and Director of Industrial Safety and Health, Chennai to construct, extend or take into use any building as a factory and approval of drawings for the proposed expansion. We have filed applications for seeking: (i) consent to establish with the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board; (ii) in-principle approval of site plan and building with the village panchayat, Tamil Nadu; (iii) in-principle approval of building layout and fire-fighting system with the District Fire Officer, fire department, Tamil Nadu and (iv) in-principle approval of building layout with the Directorate of Town and Country Planning, Tamil Nadu. In addition to such pending approvals, we will also need to apply for certain additional approvals required for the proposed expansion. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain these registrations and approvals in a timely manner or at all. Further, in the event of any unanticipated delay in receipt of such approvals, the proposed schedule implementation and deployment of the Net Proceeds may be extended or may vary accordingly. 

**_10. We are required to obtain, renew or maintain certain statutory and regulatory permits and approvals required to operate our business, and if we fail to do so in a timely manner or at all and our business, financial conditions, results of operations, and cash flows may be adversely affected._** 

Our operations are subject to extensive government regulations and we are required to obtain and maintain several permits and approvals under central, state and local government rules for operating our business generally, for each of our manufacturing facilities and depots. We are also required to obtain consent to establish and operate from the state pollution control boards (where our manufacturing facilities are located), registration and licenses issued under the Factories Act, 1948 for various manufacturing facilities, fire safety licenses from municipal fire safety authorities, registration certificates issued under various labour laws, including contract labour registration certificates licenses, shops and establishment related licenses, as well as various direct and indirect taxation related registrations as may be applicable. Further, we also hold the Importer Exporter Code issued by the Ministry of Commerce & Industry, Government of India, to enable us to export our products to Bhutan. For further information on approvals relating to our business and operations, see “ _Government and other Approvals_ ” beginning on page 312. Certain of these approvals, particularly for our depots, are granted for a limited duration, and are required to be renewed or extended from time to time upon expiry. Due to COVID-19, several approvals that have expired in the ordinary course or have been applied for have not been renewed or grant of such approvals has been delayed. For instance, we filed an application for obtaining the fire no-objection certificate with the relevant authority for our manufacturing facilities in Jodhpur, Rajasthan; in the month of January 2020, and the application is still pending. For further information on pending approvals, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on pages 312-313. While we usually apply for the renewal of approvals in a timely manner, we cannot assure you that such approvals will be issued or granted to us in a timely manner, or at all. If we do not receive such approvals or are not able to renew the approvals in a timely manner, our business and operations may be adversely affected. 

The approvals required by us are subject to numerous conditions including, among others, limitation on discharge of effluents and hazardous wastes, quantum of raw materials to be used, and consumption of water. Further, in some cases, consent of relevant authorities is required in case there is any modification/ alteration/ change in product mix. The conditions and the obligation to renew the approval or license at regular intervals are also prescribed in such approvals and licenses. We cannot assure you that these would not be suspended or revoked in the event of accidental non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial conditions, results of operations, and cash flows. 

**_11. A significant portion of our sales are derived from the state of Kerala and any adverse developments in this market could adversely affect our business._** 

Set forth below is certain information on our geography-wise revenue from operations for the periods indicated: 

|**Zone**<br>|**Fiscal 2018**<br>**Percenta**<br>|**Fiscal 2019**<br>**ge of total revenue from operati**<br>|**Fiscal 2020**<br>**ons (%)**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|
|South|53.80%|50.31%|46.33%|
|East|26.65%|26.60%|28.99%|
|West|11.96%|13.39%|13.80%|
|North|7.59%|9.70%|10.88%|
|**Total**|**100.00%**|**100.00%**|**100.00%**|



**_South_** _: Karnataka, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Pondicherry_ **_East_** _: Bihar, West Bengal, Chhattisgarh, Orissa, Jharkhand, North Eastern region_ **_West_** _: Gujarat, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Goa_ **_North_** _: Rajasthan, Delhi, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Haryana, Punjab, Chandigarh_ 

29 

We have historically derived a significant portion of our revenue from sales in the state of Kerala. In Fiscal 2020 revenue generated from sales in the state of Kerala represented 34.56% of our revenue from operations and revenue generated from Southern region (comprising states of Karnataka, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Pondicherry) represented 46.33% of our revenues from operations in Fiscal 2020. Accordingly, any materially adverse social, political or economic development, natural calamities, civil disruptions, regulatory developments or changes in the policies of the state or local government in this region could adversely affect our manufacturing and distribution activities, result in modification of our business strategy, or require us to incur significant capital expenditure, which will in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. For instance, there were floods in the state of Kerala in 2018 and 2019, as a result of which our sales were impacted. The occurrence of any such events is likely to adversely affect our operations and could result in significant loss due to an inability to meet production and delivery schedules, which could materially affect our business reputation within the industry. Further, our sales from this region may decline as a result of increased competition, regulatory action, pricing pressures, fluctuations in the demand for or supply of our products or services, or the outbreak of an infectious disease such as COVID-19. Our failure to effectively react to these situations or to successfully introduce new products or services in these markets could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. The occurrence of, or our inability to effectively respond to, any such events or effectively manage the competition in the region, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and future business prospects. 

**_12. Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds are based on management estimates and may be subject to change based on various factors, some of which are beyond our control._** 

Our funding requirements and deployment of the Net Proceeds are based on internal management estimates based on current market conditions and have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. Our funding requirements may be subject to change based on various factors which are beyond our control. For details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” beginning on page 90. 

**_13. There are outstanding litigation proceedings filed by and against our Company. Any adverse outcome in such proceedings may have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

There are outstanding litigation proceedings against our Company in relation to certain taxation matters. Further, our Company has also initiated certain criminal proceedings against various parties. Such outstanding litigation proceedings are pending at various levels of adjudication before various tribunals and other authorities. 

The summary of outstanding litigation proceedings set out below includes details of criminal proceedings, taxation proceedings and material civil litigation (as defined in the section “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” beginning on page 309) involving our Company. 

|**Nature of Cases**|**Number of outstanding cases**|**Amount involved (in ₹ million)***|
|---|---|---|
|**_Litigation filed against our Company_**|||
|Actions by regulatory or statutory<br>authorities|1|2.28<sup>*</sup>|
|Indirect tax matters<sup>_**_</sup>|10|264.14<sup>*</sup>|
|Direct tax matters<sup>_**_</sup>|3|2.82<sup>*</sup>|
|Criminal proceedings|Nil|Nil|
|Matters<br>above<br>the<br>materiality<br>threshold of ₹ 4.78 million<sup>_**_</sup>|6|260.52<sup>*****</sup>|
|**_Litigation filed by our Company_**|||
|Actions by regulatory or statutory<br>authorities|Nil|Nil|
|Indirect tax matters|Nil|Nil|
|Direct tax matters|Nil|Nil|
|Criminal proceedings|99|19.62|
|Matters<br>above<br>the<br>materiality<br>threshold of ₹ 4.78 million|Nil|Nil|



_* To the extent quantifiable, excluding interest and penalty thereon._ 

_** The indirect tax matters and direct tax matters are inclusive of number of matters which are above the materiality threshold of ₹ 4.78 million._ 

For further information, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” beginning on page 309. 

30 

There can be no assurance that these legal proceedings will be decided in our favor. In addition, we cannot assure you that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. Further, our Company may not have provisioned for all the probable liabilities, if any, arising out of these outstanding litigation. Decisions in such proceedings adverse to our interests may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

**_14. Our Restated Financial Statements disclose certain contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37 -Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets, which if materialize, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operation._** 

As of September 30, 2020, our contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37 - Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets, were as follows: 

|**Particulars**|**Amount**<br>|
|---|---|
||**(**₹**million)**|
|Sales tax–C forms|0.30|
|Value added tax|301.11|
|Income tax matters|2.82|
|Excise and service tax related matters|9.35|
|Building tax|2.28|
|**Total***|**315.86**|



_*excluding interest and penalty thereon._ 

If a significant portion of these liabilities materialize, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. For further information on our contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37, see “ _Restated Financial Statements – Annexure VII – Note 31_ ” on page 254. 

**_15. We have incurred borrowings from commercial banks and an inability to comply with repayment and other covenants in our financing agreements could adversely affect our business and financial condition._** 

We have entered into agreements with a bank for short-term and long-term borrowings. As of September 30, 2020, we had Total Borrowings (consisting of borrowings under non-current liabilities, current maturities of long-term debts, and borrowings under current liabilities) of ₹ 301.34 million. Certain agreements that we have entered into contain restrictive covenants, including requirements that we obtain consent from the lenders prior to undertaking certain matters including change in shareholding pattern and management control, entering into any scheme of merger, amalgamation, compromise or reconstruction, changing the management materially, change to the Company’s Memorandum and Articles, create, assume or incur any further indebtedness or incur any capital expenditure except being funded by Company’s own resources, and change in the ownership or control. Our Company has applied for and received consent from the relevant lender for undertaking the Offer. Further, in terms of security, we are required to create a mortgage over our immovable properties by way of depositing original title deeds, and hypothecate our movable properties, including by way of a pledge of our fixed deposits. Any failure to service such indebtedness, or otherwise perform any obligations under such financing agreements may lead to a termination of one or more of our credit facilities or incur penalties and acceleration of payments under such credit facilities, which may adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

Further, we are required to, among other obligations, comply with certain financial covenants including maintaining the prescribed debt service coverage ratio, tangible net worth, term debt, and minimum net worth. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with these financial or other covenants or that we will be able to obtain consents necessary to take the actions that we believe are required to operate and grow our business. Our long-term/ short-term bank facilities were rated CARE BBB-; Stable/ CARE A3 on February 26, 2018; our long-term/ shortterm bank facilities were rated CARE BBB; Stable/ CARE A3+, and short-term bank facilities were rated CARE BBB; Stable, on December 29, 2018; and our long-term bank facilities are rated CARE BBB+; Stable, and our long/ short-term bank facilities are rated CARE BBB+; Stable/ CARE A3+, on January 30, 2020. Any fluctuations in the interest rates or downgrade in the credit ratings assigned to our debt instruments may directly impact the interest costs of such loans, and affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our ability to make repayments and refinance our indebtedness will depend on our continued ability to generate cash from our future operations. We may not be able to generate enough cash flow from operations or obtain enough capital to service our debt. For further information, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” beginning on page 268. 

Any failure to comply with the conditions and covenants in our financing agreements that is not waived by our lenders or guarantors or otherwise cured could lead to a termination of our credit facilities, foreclosure on our assets, acceleration of all amounts due under such facilities or trigger cross-default provisions under certain of our other 

31 

financing agreements, any of which could adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to conduct and implement our business plans. 

**_16. We do not have long-term agreements with our suppliers for raw materials, and an inability to procure the desired quality, quantity of our raw materials in a timely manner and at reasonable costs, or at all, may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows._** 

Our ability to remain competitive, maintain costs and profitability depend, in part, on our ability to source and maintain a stable and sufficient supply of raw materials at acceptable prices. Our major raw materials include acrylic binders, packaging tins, pigments, alkyd resins and additives. Other raw materials include white cement, minerals including lime, dolomite, calcite, china clay and talcum, and turpentine oil. For further information, see “ _Our Business – Procurement of Raw Materials_ ” on pages 167-168. We depend on external suppliers for all the raw materials required and typically purchase raw materials on a purchase order basis and place such orders with them in advance on the basis of our anticipated requirements. As a result, the success of our business is significantly dependent on maintaining good relationships with our raw material suppliers. Absence of long-term supply contracts subject us to risks such as price volatility caused by various factors such as commodity market fluctuations, currency fluctuations, climatic and environmental conditions, production and transportation cost, changes in domestic as well as international government policies, and regulatory and trade sanctions. We also import a certain amount of minerals from Vietnam. As a result, we continue to remain susceptible to the risks arising out of raw material price fluctuations as well as import duties, which could result in a decline in our operating margins. See “- _Restrictions on import of raw materials may adversely impact our business and results of operations_ ” on pages 40. If we cannot fully offset increases in raw material prices with increases in the prices for our products, we will experience lower margins, which will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. In the absence of such contracts we are also exposed to the risk of unavailability of certain raw materials in desired quantities and qualities, in a timely manner or at all. 

Although we have not faced significant disruptions in the procurement of raw materials in the past, the COVID-19 pandemic temporarily affected our ability to source raw materials from certain vendors who were unable to transport raw materials to us. There can be no assurance that we will procure the required quantities and quality of raw materials commensurate with our requirements _._ In Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020, the cost of raw materials and components consumed represented 55.20%, 55.36%, 51.40%, respectively, of our revenue from operations. In the six months ended September 30, 2019 and 2020, the cost of raw materials and components consumed represented 55.38% and 47.73%, respectively, of our revenue from operations. There can be no assurance that a particular supplier will continue to supply us with raw materials in the future. Any delay in supplying finished products to dealers in accordance with the terms and conditions of the purchase orders, such as delivery within a specified time, as a result of delayed raw material supply, could result in the dealer refusing to accept our products, which could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. Further, we cannot assure you that we will be able to enter into new or renew our existing arrangements with suppliers on terms acceptable to us, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to source raw materials in a commercially viable and timely manner, if at all, which may impact our business and profitability. 

Further, as we generally have short-term arrangements for supply of our products to dealers, we rely on historical trends and other indicators to purchase the required quantities of raw materials. We, therefore, run the risk of purchasing more raw materials than necessary, which could expose us to risks associated with prolonged storage of some of these materials, and materially affect our results of operations. Conversely, if our dealers place orders for greater quantities of products compared to their historical requirements, we may not be able to adequately source the necessary raw materials in a timely manner, and may not have the required available manufacturing capacity to meet such demand. In addition, if all or a significant number of our suppliers for any particular raw material are unable or unwilling to meet our requirements or our estimates fall short of the demand, we could suffer shortages or significant cost increases. Continued supply disruptions could exert pressure on our costs, and we cannot assure you that all or part of any increased costs can be passed along to our dealers in a timely manner or at all, which could negatively affect our business, overall profitability and financial performance. 

**_17. Any unscheduled or prolonged disruption of our manufacturing operations could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows._** 

Any unscheduled or prolonged disruption of our manufacturing operations, including power failure, fire and unexpected mechanical failure of equipment, obsolescence, labour disputes, strikes, lock-outs, earthquakes and other natural disasters, industrial accidents or any significant social, political or economic disturbances, or infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could reduce our ability to manufacture our products and adversely affect sales and revenues from operations in such period. The occurrence of any such incidents could also result in a destruction of certain assets, and adversely affect our results of operations. For instance, there was a fire at the quality control laboratory at our Kochi Facility in Fiscal 2018, during which certain assets were destroyed, and the loss of such assets was accounted for as an exceptional item in our financial statements for Fiscal 2018. For further 

32 

information on exceptional items as per Ind AS 8, see “ _Restated Financial Statements – Annexure VII – Note 39_ ” on page 264. Any such disruption may interrupt our operations, which may interfere with manufacturing process, requiring us to either stop our operations or repeat activities that may involve additional time and increase our costs. In particular, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, operations at all of our manufacturing facilities were temporary suspended in the months of March 2020 and April 2020 owing to the lockdown imposed by the Government, and we subsequently resumed operations in a phased manner in May 2020. Our dealers rely on the timely delivery of our products and our ability to provide an uninterrupted supply of our products is critical to our business. Although we take precautions to minimize the risk of any significant operational problems at our manufacturing facilities, our dealer relationships, business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, may be adversely affected by any disruption of operations at our manufacturing facilities, including due to any of the factors mentioned above. 

Disruptions in our manufacturing operations could delay production or require us to temporarily cease operations at our manufacturing facilities. We may be subject to manufacturing disruptions due to contraventions by us of any of the conditions of our regulatory approvals, which may require our manufacturing facilities to cease, or limit, production until the disputes concerning such approvals are resolved. As regulatory approvals are site specific, we may be unable to transfer manufacturing activities to another location immediately. Similarly, there is no assurance that those of our manufacturing facilities unaffected by an interruption will have the capacity to increase their output to manufacture products for the affected manufacturing facilities, to the extent that all outstanding orders will be fulfilled in a timely manner. In the event of prolonged interruptions in the operations of our manufacturing facilities, we may have to make alternate arrangements for supplies and products in order to meet our production requirements, which could affect our profitability. 

# **_18. We are dependent on third-party transportation providers for the supply of raw materials and delivery of our finished products._** 

Our success depends on the supply and transport of the various raw materials required for our manufacturing facilities and of our finished products from our manufacturing facilities to our depots and further to our dealers, which are subject to various uncertainties and risks. We use third-party freight and transportation providers for the delivery of our products to dealers. Transportation strikes, if any, could have an adverse effect on supplies and deliveries to and from our dealers and suppliers. Further, on account of the COVID-19 pandemic, our manufacturing operations were shutdown and our third-party transportation providers’ operations were also closed during the lockdown imposed by the Government in end of March 2020 through April 2020. 

In addition, raw materials and finished products may be lost or damaged in transit for various reasons including occurrence of accidents or natural disasters. There may also be a delay in delivery of raw materials and products which may also affect our business and results of operations negatively. In the event we fail to maintain a sufficient volume of raw materials and delivery of such materials to us is delayed, we may be unable to meet dealer orders in a timely manner or at all, which could result in the dealer’s inability to meet end-customer orders. Any such inability may result in loss of sales opportunities that our competitors may capitalize on, thereby adversely affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Any compensation received from insurers or third-party transportation providers may be insufficient to cover the cost of any delays and will not repair damage to our relationships with our affected dealers. We may also be affected by an increase in fuel costs, as it will have a corresponding impact on freight charges levied by our third-party transportation providers. Our freight and forwarding charges were ₹ 442.74 million, ₹ 554.95 million and ₹ 657.70 million in Fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020 respectively, and represented 11.03%, 10.36%, and 10.53% of our revenue from operations in such years, respectively. Our freight and forwarding charges were ₹ 303.28 million and ₹ 277.19 million in the six months ended September 30, 2019 and 2020 respectively, and represented 11.12% and 10.68% of our revenue from operations in such periods, respectively. This could require us to expend considerable resources in addressing our distribution requirements, including by way of absorbing these excess freight charges to maintain our selling price, which could adversely affect our results of operations, or passing these charges on to our customers, which could adversely affect demand for our products. 

# **_19. An inability to increase the number of tinting machines placed by us with our dealers may adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

In order to continue to increase sales of our emulsion paints and to keep up with current trends, we intend to focus on populating our tinting machines across our network of dealers. This involves strengthening our relationship with dealers and carrying out promotional activities for installing our tinting machines. 

We have entered into a long-term arrangement with the manufacturer of our tinting machines until March 31, 2024 with effect from October 26, 2020, according to the terms of which we have committed to purchase a minimum number of machines during such term. In addition, the manufacturer has contractually limited and disclaimed its liability towards the tinting machines on the occurrence of certain events specified therein including if the machine is directly or indirectly opened, altered, or tampered with, or if an action has been carried out that will intrude in the operations of the system and result in any modification in the configuration of the system, in the absence of the 

33 

manufacturer. Other limitations on liability include a limited scope of warranty to cover parts with manufacturing defects only, and absence of warranty cover for all electrical components. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully increase the population of our tinting machines despite incurring expenses towards promotional activities and brand building initiatives, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. In the event, we decide to discontinue purchasing the tinting machines from the manufacturer, we will be required to compensate the manufacturer with a fee equivalent to the manufacturer’s price towards inventory of components including the front panel which has been custom designed for us, TAB, keyboard, mouse and USB hub with cabling. Even if we purchase the minimum quantity stipulated, and are subsequently unable to place these machines at dealer outlets, we may have to write-off these purchases and incur additional expenses towards maintaining the surplus machines at our own cost, which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. This could also adversely affect our ability to pursue our growth strategy of increasing the population of our tinting machines. In addition, even if we are able to increase the population of our tinting machines, there can be no assurance that dealers will not uninstall such machines or that there will be a corresponding increase in sales of our emulsion paints. For instance, there have been certain instances in the past where we have been forced to uninstall a tinting machine from a dealer location due to non-performance of the dealer or cessation of a dealer engagement. In Fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020, we installed 1,181, 1,335, and 1,153 new tinting machines, respectively, at the outlets of our dealers and the cumulative number of tinting machines that were inoperative as of March 31, 2018, 2019 and 2020, was 156, 239 and 385, respectively. While we have been able to subsequently reinstall a number of these tinting machines at alternate dealer locations, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in the future, and a tinting machine that has been installed at a dealer outlet that has subsequently ceased operations, may become inoperative. In the event we are unable to successfully install tinting machines at our dealer networks or our machines are uninstalled or if sales of emulsion paints do not increase in line with our expectations, our business, prospects, results of operation, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected. 

In addition, tinting machines require a specific colourant in the absence of which the machine cannot be used. As the colourant is manufactured by select companies in India, there can be no assurance that there will be adequate supply of such colourant to our dealer network at all times. In the event of any prolonged supply disruption of the colourant that inventory levels are unable to cover, our dealers will not be able to use our tinting machines thereby rendering them inoperative, and adversely affecting our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 

**_20. We are in the process of expanding our operations and establishing a network of dealers in regions where we do not have a significant presence and prior experience. Any failure to expand into these new regions could adversely affect our sales, financial condition, result of operations, and cash flows._** 

In order to cater to the growing market demand for our products and expand our presence across India, we are in the process of deepening our presence in states that we have recently entered, and expanding our presence to Tier 1 and 2 Cities and Metros in states where we have been present for a considerable period. We may not possess the same level of familiarity with the economic condition, dealer network, end-customer base and commercial operations in the new regions we propose to enter into and therefore, we will be initially exposed to a degree of risk in realization and volume of sales. There can be no assurance that our expansion plans in these new regions will be successful, as our competitors may have more established brands, more experience in trends and deeper relationships with dealers in these regions. Further, having limited or no presence in such new regions as compared to some of our competitors, may lead to lower product pricing due to lack of brand presence and higher expenditure on brand building. As a result, it may be more expensive for us to manufacture and/ or distribute decorative paint products in these new regions and it may take longer to reach expected sales and profit levels than anticipated, which could affect the viability of these operations or our overall profitability. There can be no assurance that our products will gain market acceptance or meet the particular requirements of dealers and customers in these new markets and regions. If we do not successfully establish our operations, reputation and brand image in this these new markets and regions, our sales, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 

**_21. We intend to utilise a portion of the Net Proceeds for funding our capital expenditure requirements and for purchase of tinting machines and gyroshakers. We are yet to place orders for such capital expenditure and purchase of tinting machines and gyroshakers._** 

We intend to utilise a portion of the Net Proceeds for funding capital expenditure for expansion of the existing manufacturing facility at Pudukkottai, Tamil Nadu. We also intend to utilise a portion of the Net Proceeds towards purchase of tinting machines and gyroshakers. While we have obtained quotations from various vendors in relation to the plant and machinery required for funding such capital expenditure and have also entered into a supply agreement with dated October 26, 2020 with Corob India Private Limited for purchase of the tinting machines and gyroshakers, we are yet to place orders for such plant, machinery, tinting machines and gyroshakers. Accordingly, orders worth (i) ₹ 1,855.49 million, which constitutes 100% of the total estimated costs in relation to expansion of the existing manufacturing facility at Pudukkottai, Tamil Nadu; and (ii) ₹ 500.13 million, which constitutes 100% 

34 

of the total estimated costs in relation to the purchase of tinting machines and gyroshakers, are yet to be placed. There can be no assurance that we will be able to place orders for such plant, machinery, tinting machines and gyroshakers in a timely manner or at all. Further, in the event of any delay in placement of such orders, the proposed schedule implementation and deployment of the Net Proceeds may be extended or may vary accordingly. 

**_22. Stringent environmental, health and safety laws and regulations or stringent enforcement of existing environmental, health and safety laws and regulations may result in increased liabilities and increased capital expenditures._** 

Our operations are subject to environmental, health and safety and other regulatory and/ or statutory requirements in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Our operations may generate significant amounts of pollutants and waste, some of which may be hazardous. We are accordingly subject to various national, state, municipal and local laws and regulations concerning environmental protection in India, including laws addressing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of any hazardous substances, and wastes and the clean-up of contaminated sites. Non-compliance with these laws and regulations, which among other things, limit or prohibit emissions or spills of toxic substances produced in connection with our operations, could expose us to civil penalties, criminal sanctions and revocation of key business licences. Environmental laws and regulations in India are becoming more stringent, and the scope and extent of new environmental regulations, including their effect on our operations, cannot be predicted with any certainty. In case of any change in environmental or pollution regulations, we may be required to invest in, among other things, environmental monitoring, pollution control equipment, and emissions management. 

As a consequence of unanticipated regulatory or other developments, future environmental and regulatory related expenditures may vary substantially from those currently anticipated. We cannot assure you that our costs of complying with current and future environmental laws and other regulations will not adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. In addition, we could incur substantial costs, our products could be restricted from entering certain markets, and we could face other sanctions, if we were to violate or become liable under environmental laws or if our products become non-compliant with applicable regulations. Our potential exposure includes fines and civil or criminal sanctions, third-party property damage or personal injury claims and clean-up costs. The amount and timing of costs under environmental laws are difficult to predict. 

**_23. We may not be able to adequately protect or continue to use our intellectual property. In addition, the use of our brand “Indigo” or similar trade names by third parties could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We currently sell our products in India through a network of dealers, who further distribute our products to endcustomers. We primarily sell our paint products under our brand label, “ _Indigo_ ”. We have registered certain trademarks in India, and may apply for such registrations in the future. The registration of intellectual property including trademarks is a time-consuming process and there can be no assurance that any registration applications we may pursue will be successful and that such registration will be granted to us. If we fail to register the appropriate intellectual property, or our efforts to protect relevant intellectual property prove to be inadequate, the value attached to our brand and proprietary property could deteriorate, which could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

In particular, the use of “ _Indigo_ ” or similar trade names by third parties may result in confusion among our customers, and we are exposed to the risk that entities in India and elsewhere could pass off their products as our products, including spurious or imitation or look-alike products. For example, other manufacturers imitating our brands, and packaging design and material selling spurious products may adversely affect sale of our products, resulting in a decrease in market share due to a decrease in demand for our products. Such imitation or spurious products may not only result in loss of sales but also adversely affect the reputation of our brand and consequently our future sales and results of operations. In addition, few products that we resell are manufactured by third-parties that also affix the “ _Indigo_ ” brand on these products. As we engage with these third-party manufacturers on an informal basis, there can be no assurance that such third-parties will not misuse the “ _Indigo_ ” brand or affix it on products not authorized by us. In the event of such unauthorized use, we may be compelled to pursue legal action for the protection of our brand and intellectual property, which may divert our attention and resources thereby affecting our business operations. 

Further, we protect most of our intellectual property including product and process improvements by relying on trade secret laws and confidentiality agreements. Our efforts to protect our intellectual property may not be adequate. Unauthorized parties may infringe upon or misappropriate our services or proprietary information. While our domain names cannot be copied, we may be unable to renew registration of our domain names, and other parties could create an alternative domain name resembling ours that could be passed off as our domain name. In addition, despite our efforts to comply with the intellectual property rights of others, we cannot determine with certainty whether we are infringing any existing third-party intellectual property rights which may force us to alter our processes, obtain 

35 

additional licenses or cease significant portions of our operations. We may also be susceptible to claims from thirdparties asserting infringement and other related claims. Regardless of their merits, such claims could materially and adversely affect our relationships with current or future dealers, result in costly litigation, delay or disrupt provision of services, divert management’s attention and resources, subject us to significant liabilities, require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements or require us to cease certain activities. Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_24. Our business is working capital intensive. If we experience insufficient cash flows from our operations or are unable to borrow to meet our working capital requirements, it may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our business requires significant amount of working capital primarily as a considerable amount of time passes between purchase raw materials and sale of our finished products. As a result, we are required to maintain sufficient stock at all times in order to meet manufacturing requirements, thus increasing our storage and working capital requirements. Consequently, there could be situations where the total funds available may not be sufficient to fulfil our commitments, and hence we may need to incur additional indebtedness in the future, or utilize internal accruals to satisfy our working capital needs. Our future success depends on our ability to continue to secure and successfully manage sufficient amounts of working capital. Further, our ability to arrange financing and the costs of capital of such financing are dependent on numerous factors, including general economic and capital market conditions and the effect of events such as the COVID-19 pandemic, credit availability from banks, investor confidence, the continued success of our operations and other laws that are conducive to our raising capital in this manner. For instance, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, certain of our dealers had requested for modifications to their payment terms, which temporarily increased our cash flow requirements. 

As we pursue our growth plan, we may be required to raise additional funds by incurring further indebtedness or issuing additional equity to meet our capital expenditures in the future. If we experience insufficient cash flows or are unable to borrow funds on a timely basis, or, at all, to meet our working capital and other requirements, or to pay our debts, it could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Management of our working capital requirements involves the timely payment of, or rolling over of, our short-term indebtedness and securing new and additional loans on acceptable terms, or re-negotiation of our payment terms for, our trade payables, collection of trade receivables and preparing and following accurate and feasible budgets for our business operations. If we are unable to manage our working capital requirements, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. There can be no assurance that we will be able to effectively manage our working capital. Should we fail to effectively implement sufficient internal control procedures and management systems to manage our working capital and other sources of financing, we may have insufficient capital to maintain and grow our business, and we may breach the terms of our financing agreements with banks, face claims under cross-default provisions and be unable to obtain new financing, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. For further information on the working capital facilities currently availed of by us, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” beginning on page 268. 

# **_25. Inability to meet the quality standard norms prescribed by the central and state governments could result in the sales of our products being banned or suspended or becoming subject to significant compliance costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows._** 

The quality of the products being manufactured by us is open to independent verification by agencies of the central and state governments, or various other regulatory authorities. Regulatory authorities including authorities under the Legal Metrology Act, 2009, may carry out inspection of our premises, plant, equipment, machinery, manufacturing or other processes and sample checks on any material or substance in relation to our product at short notice or without notice. The government authorities could impose fines or issue us show cause notices if the samples are not in conformity with the prescribed quality norms. For instance, we have in the past been penalized by the Legal Metrology department for alleged contravention of certain provisions of the Legal Metrology Act, 2009 and the rules notified thereunder and there can be no assurance that we will not be similarly penalised in the future. Failure on our part to adhere to the quality norms prescribed by the government agencies could lead to recall of those batches and/or the products in the relevant state, or we may be liable to pay a penalty. Any such order passed by the governmental authorities could generate adverse publicity about our Company and our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

# **_26. Fluctuation in the prices of crude oil may affect our ability to price our products competitively._** 

The raw materials we use in our manufacturing process are primarily sourced from third party suppliers in India. Our raw materials include acrylic binders, packaging tins, pigments, alkyd resins and additives that are manufactured 

36 

using derivatives of crude oil. Prices of these principal raw materials are subject to changes in the prices of crude oil and other petrochemical intermediates, which are linked to international prices and are susceptible to significant volatility from time to time. As a result, we continue to remain susceptible to the risks arising out of raw material price fluctuations and in particular fluctuation of crude oil prices which could result in declining operating margins. While the variation in the price of such raw materials is typically passed on to the customer, our inability to do so in the future could adversely affect our ability to price our products competitively. Also see, “ _– We do not have longterm agreements with our suppliers for raw materials, and an inability to procure the desired quality, quantity of our raw materials in a timely manner and at reasonable costs, or at all, may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows._ ” on page 32. 

# **_27. Improper storage, processing and handling of raw materials and finished products may cause damage to our inventory leading to an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Our inventory primarily consists of raw materials including acrylic binders, alkyd resins and additives and finished products. Our raw materials, manufacturing processes and finished products are susceptible to fungal and bacterial contamination if not appropriately stored, handled and processed, which may affect the quality of the finished product. In the event such a contamination is detected at the facility during quality checks, we may be required to disinfect the entire plant and equipment, resulting in a suspension of manufacturing activities, and lower capacity utilizations, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Improper storage may also result in higher than usual spoilage of inventory due to adverse weather conditions or longer than usual storage periods, which may also require us to incur additional expenses in replacing that portion of the inventory and/ or incur additional expenses in maintenance and improvement of our storage infrastructure, which may adversely affect our profit margins. 

**_28. Our business is subject to seasonal variations and cyclicality that could result in fluctuations in our results of operations._** 

Seasonality may adversely affect our business and results of operations. In particular, the decorative paints business is sensitive to seasonality, with our revenues recorded during the months of June to August being relatively lower compared to other periods due to the monsoon season. During the monsoons, construction and housing activity is curtailed and we may continue to incur operating expenses, but our revenue from the sale of our products may be delayed or reduced. In addition, unusually cold and rainy weather could have an adverse effect on sales of our exterior paint products. As a result of such fluctuations, our sales and results of operations may vary by fiscal quarter, and the sales and results of operations of any given fiscal quarter may not be relied upon as indicators of the sales or results of operations of other fiscal quarters or of our future performance. In addition, a portion of our revenue is from certain sectors and businesses that are cyclical in nature and subject to changes in general economic conditions. For example, certain of our dealers may sell a significant portion of our products to the construction and housing industry. The level of construction activity in local and national markets is inherently cyclical, being influenced by a wide variety of factors including national and regional economic circumstances, governments’ ability to fund infrastructure projects, consumer sentiment and other factors beyond our control. As a result, any adverse developments in such industries could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Similar variations may also result from shifting of major festivals from one month to another in successive years, which may adversely affect our manufacturing and sales volumes in a given period compared to the similar period of the preceding year, and could therefore have an impact on our comparative results of operations during the relevant period. 

# **_29. Our inability to effectively manage our growth or to successfully implement our business plan and growth strategy could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows._** 

While we have experienced significant growth and have expanded our operations extensively over the years, we cannot assure you that our growth strategy will continue to be successful or that we will be able to continue to expand further, or at the same rate. The success of our business will depend greatly on our ability to effectively implement our business and growth strategy. Our growth strategy involves growing our portfolio of differentiated products, strengthening our brand, deepening our penetration in existing markets and expanding our presence in select new territories, continuing to install tinting machines across dealer outlets, and expanding our manufacturing capacities. For further information, see “ _Our Business – Strategies_ ” beginning on page 158. 

Our success in implementing our growth strategies may be affected by our ability to identify new market opportunities, develop differentiated products, increase our existing network of dealers and ability to adapt to changes in the Indian or international regulatory environment applicable to us. Many of these factors are beyond our control and there can be no assurance that we will succeed in implementing our strategy. Any change in government policies and regulations including any ban imposed on a particular product by the respective governments, or any duties, pre-conditions or ban imposed by countries from where we source certain raw materials may have an adverse 

37 

impact on our operations. In addition, there may be delays in the anticipated timing of activities related to such growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans; increased difficulty and cost in implementing these efforts; and the incurrence of other unexpected costs associated with operating the business. Any of these factors could adversely impact our results of operations. If, for any reason, the benefits we realize are less than our estimates or the implementation of these growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans adversely affect our operations or cost more or take longer to effectuate than we expect, or if our assumptions prove inaccurate, our results of operations may be materially adversely affected. Also see “ _– Our proposed capacity expansion plans relating to our manufacturing facilities are subject to the risk of unanticipated delays_ .” on pages 28-29. 

# **_30. Our manufacturing activities are dependent on the delivery of adequate and uninterrupted supply of electrical power and water at a reasonable cost. Any shortages or any prolonged interruption or increase in the cost of power and water, could adversely affect our business, result of operations, financial conditions, and cash flows._** 

Adequate and cost effective supply of electrical power and water is critical to our operations. We have three manufacturing facilities in three states in India, namely, Rajasthan, Kerala and Tamil Nadu. Each of our manufacturing facilities depends on the delivery of an adequate supply of electrical power. For further details, see “ _Our Business – Manufacturing Facilities_ ” on pages 164-165. There can be no assurance that electricity supplied to our existing manufacturing facilities will be sufficient to meet our requirements or that we will be able to procure adequate and uninterrupted power supply in the future at a reasonable cost. If the per unit cost of electricity is increased by the state electricity boards our power costs will increase. An interruption in or limited supply of electricity may result in suspension of our manufacturing operations. A prolonged suspension in production could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 

Our operations and facilities are dependent on a steady and stable supply of water, and irregular or interrupted supply of water, or government intervention are factors that could adversely affect our daily operations. If there is an insufficient supply of water to satisfy our requirements we may need to limit or delay our production, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. In addition to the production losses that we would incur during production shutdowns in the absence of supply of electrical power or water for a prolonged duration, we would not be able to immediately return to full production volumes following power interruptions, however brief. Accordingly, any increase in power costs and water costs could adversely affect our operations and financial condition. 

**_31. We may be subject to unionization, work stoppages or increased labour costs, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our industry is labour intensive. The success of our operations depends on availability of labour and maintaining a good relationship with our workforce. As of September 30, 2020, we employed 666 employees across our various manufacturing facilities. In addition, we also employ contract labours for conducting various activities at our manufacturing facilities. Certain of our employees are unionised into labour unions at our Kochi Facility. Although we have not experienced any major interruption to our operations as a result of labour disputes in the recent past, there can be no assurance that we will not experience any such disruption in the future as a result of disputes or disagreements with our work force, which may adversely affect our ability to continue our business operations. We may also have to incur additional expense to train and retain skilled labour. We are also subject to a number of stringent labour laws that protect the interests of workers, including legislation that imposes financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment. There can be no assurance that we will not experience labour unrest in the future, which may delay or disrupt our operations. Any labour unrest including labour disputes, strikes and lock-outs, industrial accidents, experienced by us could directly or indirectly prevent or hinder our normal operating activities, and, if not resolved in a timely manner, could lead to disruptions in our operations. In the event of any prolonged delay or disruption our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

**_32. Our inability to accurately forecast demand or price for our products and manage our inventory may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows._** 

Our business depends on our estimate of the demand for our products from dealers. We estimate demand for our products based on market projections. If we overestimate demand, we may purchase more raw materials and manufacture more products than required. If we underestimate demand, we may manufacture fewer quantities of products than required, which could result in delayed or non-fulfilment of purchase orders resulting in loss of dealers, goodwill and business. If we under stock one or more of our products, we may not be able to obtain additional units in a timely manner, which could also adversely affect our goodwill and results of operations. In addition, if our products do not achieve widespread acceptance, or our dealers change their procurement preferences, we may be required to incur significant inventory markdowns, or may not be able to sell the products at all, which would affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. As such, our inability to accurately forecast demand for 

38 

our products and manage our inventory may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_33. Our inability to collect receivables and default in payment from our dealers could result in the reduction of our profits and affect our cash flows._** 

Our operations involve extending credit for extended periods of time to our dealers in respect of our products, and consequently, we face the risk of non-receipt of these outstanding amounts in a timely manner or at all, particularly in the absence of long-term arrangements with our dealers. While we typically operate on pre-sanctioned credit limits with dealers, we cannot guarantee that our dealers will not default on their payments. Our inability to collect receivables from our dealers in a timely manner or at all in future, could adversely affect our working capital cycle and cash flows. In Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020, our trade receivables were ₹ 967.86 million, ₹ 1,038.47 million and ₹ 1,044.74 million, respectively, which represented 24.01%, 19.33% and 16.68% of our total income for such years, respectively. In the six months ended September 30, 2019 and 2020, our trade receivables were ₹ 803.55 million and ₹ 855.70 million, respectively, which represented 29.39% and 32.88% of our total income for such periods, respectively. Macroeconomic conditions could also result in financial difficulties, including insolvency or bankruptcy, for our dealers, and as a result could cause dealers to delay payments to us, request modifications to their payment arrangements, that could increase our receivables or affect our working capital requirements, or default on their payment obligations to us. For instance, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, certain of our dealers had requested for temporary modifications to their payment terms, which temporarily increased our cash flow requirements. An increase in bad debts or in defaults by our dealers may compel us to utilize greater amounts of our operating working capital and result in increased interest costs, thereby adversely affecting our results of operations and cash flows. 

**_34. We may be subject to significant risks and hazards when operating and maintaining our manufacturing facilities, for which our insurance coverage might not be adequate._** 

As of September 30, 2020, we operated three manufacturing facilities in India. We generally perform scheduled and unscheduled maintenance and operating and other asset management services. We sub-contract certain maintenance services to third-parties who may not perform their services adequately. Manufacturing paint involves handling of certain hazardous raw materials. In addition to natural risks such as earthquake, flood, lightning, cyclones and wind, other hazards, such as fire, structural collapse and machinery failure are inherent risks in our operations. These and other hazards can cause significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property, plant and equipment and contamination of, or damage to, the environment and may result in the suspension of operations. The occurrence of any one of these events may result in our being named as a defendant in lawsuits asserting claims for substantial damages, including for cleanup costs, personal injury and property damage and fines and/or penalties. 

We maintain an amount of insurance protection that we consider adequate including insurance policy covering fire, damage to buildings, plant and machinery, stocks (raw materials and finished goods), vehicles, directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policy, and policy covering damage to stocks at our depots. We may not have identified every risk and further may not be insured against every risk because such risks are either uninsurable or not insurable on commercially acceptable terms, including operational risk that may occur and the occurrence of an event that causes losses in excess of the limits specified in our policies, or losses arising from events or risks not covered by insurance policies such as COVID-19 and other pandemics, or due to the same being inadequate, could materially harm our cash flows, financial condition and future results of operations. However, we cannot provide any assurance that our insurance will be sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which we may be subject. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. Our insurance cover for property, plant and equipment, and inventory, as of September 30, 2020 was ₹ 1,767.37 million, while our gross block of property, plant and equipment, and inventory, was ₹ 1,640.51 million, and our total assets (including all current and non-current assets) was ₹ 4,112.91 million as of September 30, 2020. Consequently, our insurance cover as a percentage of gross block of property, plant and equipment, and inventory, was 107.73%, and our insurance cover as a percentage of total assets (including all current and non-current assets) was 42.97%, as of September 30, 2020. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage, or successful assertion of one or more large claims against us for events for which we are not insured, or which exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, financial performance and cash flows could be adversely affected. For further information on our insurance arrangements, see “ _Our Business – Insurance_ ” on page 172. 

**_35. Our Company proposes to utilize a portion of the Net Proceeds to repay/ pre-pay certain borrowings availed by our Company._** 

Our Company intends to use a certain portion of the Net Proceeds for the repayment/ pre-payment of certain borrowings of our Company. The details of the borrowings identified to be repaid using the Net Proceeds have been 

39 

disclosed in “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on pages 90. Further, our Company may refinance/ roll over some or all of such identified borrowings in the ordinary course of business depending on the requirements of our Company. Accordingly, our Company may utilize the Net Proceeds for repayment of such refinanced/ rolled over borrowings or fresh borrowings obtained by our Company which are in the nature of short-term borrowings. However, the repayment of the identified borrowings are subject to various factors including, commercial considerations, market conditions, cost of borrowings and conditions attached to such borrowings. 

While we believe that utilization of Net Proceeds for repayment of borrowings would help us to reduce our cost of debt and enable the utilization of our funds for further investment in business growth and expansion, the repayment of loans will not result in the creation of any tangible assets for our Company. 

**_36. Restrictions on import of raw materials may adversely impact our business and results of operations._** 

We currently source a certain portion of our raw materials, comprising minerals, from vendors in Vietnam. Raw material imports are regulated by certain specific laws and regulations that permit concerned authorities to stop any import if it is deemed that the chemicals proposed to be imported may cause major accidents. While raw materials we import from Vietnam are not hazardous in nature, we cannot assure you that such regulations will not be made applicable to us, or that such regulations will not evolve into more stringent regulations, which would place onerous requirements on us and consequently restrict our ability to import raw materials. While we have not in the recent past experienced any challenges in importing such materials, we cannot assure you that we will not experience any such challenges in the future. In the event we are unable to import these materials, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in identifying alternate suppliers for raw materials or we will be able to source the raw materials at favourable terms in a timely manner or at all. Any change in law or applicable governmental policies relating to imports, change in international geo-political situations, restriction on import of raw materials could have an adverse effect on our ability to deliver products to our dealers, business and results of operations. 

**_37. Some of our manufacturing facilities, offices and depots are located on leased or licensed or rented premises. If these leases, leave and license agreements or rental deeds are terminated or not renewed on terms acceptable to us, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows._** 

Our Registered Office and Corporate Office is located on premises that we own and operate on a freehold basis. In addition, some of our depots and our manufacturing facilities are also located on leased and licensed premises. We typically enter into lease agreements of varying terms for our depots with an option to renew such term. We may not be able to renew or extend these agreements at commercially acceptable terms, or at all. Further, we may be required to re-negotiate rent or other terms and conditions of such agreements. We may also be required to vacate the premises at short notice as prescribed in the lease agreements, and we may not be able to identify and obtain possession of an alternate location, in a short period of time. Occurrence of any of the above events may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Further, any adverse impact on the ownership rights of our landlords may impede our effective future operations. Further, a number of our leave and license and rent agreements as well as rental deeds are due to expire in the next three months to three years, and in case of non-renewal of our licenses or rental deeds or if such agreements are renewed on unfavorable terms and conditions, we may be forced to procure alternative space. We may also face the risk of being evicted in the event that our landlords allege a breach on our part of any terms under these lease/ leave and license agreements and there is no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable locations to re-locate our operations. 

Additionally, we have entered into lease agreements for a period of 99 years for our manufacturing facilities, that are operated on industrial land allotted to us by industrial development corporations, subject to various compliance requirements including restrictions on transfer, sub-let, mortgage of the premises and changes to our products and production capacity without prior written permission of the industrial development corporations and approvals to be obtained from the industrial development corporations. Further, in some instances, our Company is required to take prior consent from the lessor for certain matters including change of directors causing a change in the ownership or management of the Company, change in constitution of the Company and change in its products, production capacity or manufacturing process. As per the terms of one of the lease deeds entered into with an industrial corporation, our Company is also required to comply with the provisions of the RIICO Disposal of Land Rules, 1979. Additionally, our Company is also required to intimate the lessor for certain matters including change in name or address of the registered office or administrative office of the Company. Failure to comply with the conditions of use of such land could result in an adverse impact on our business and financial condition. For further information, see “ _Our Business – Properties_ ” on page 173. 

**_38. An inability to renew quality accreditations in a timely manner or at all, or any deficiencies in the quality of our products may give rise to product liability claims and adversely affect our business prospects and financial performance._** 

40 

We obtain and maintain quality certifications and accreditations from independent certification entities and also comply with prescribed specifications and standards of quality approved by the Government in connection with the products we manufacture. Such specifications and standards of quality is an important factor in the success and wide acceptability of our products. If we fail to comply with applicable quality standards or if the relevant accreditation institute or agency declines to certify our products, or if we are otherwise unable to obtain such quality accreditations in the future, in a timely manner or at all, our business prospects and financial performance will be materially and adversely affected. 

Further, if our products are alleged or found to be defective, we may be subject to product liability claims. There could be instances in which our products do not meet the specifications. We have from time to time encountered certain claims with respect to the quality of our products. While we have not been required to recall our products and have resolved these claims amicably, we may be subject to product liability claims and litigation for compensation in the future which could result in substantial and unexpected expenditure and could materially and adversely affect our cash flow and operating results. Further, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully defend such claims. If any such claims against us are ultimately successful, we could be required to pay substantial damages, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Moreover, product failures or defects, and any complaints or negative publicity, could result in a decrease in our sales. Even if certain of the product defects are attributable to raw materials supplied by our suppliers, we cannot guarantee that we would be able to recover all or part of the damages by claiming against our suppliers. 

# **_39. Some of our corporate records are not traceable._** 

In the past, certain filings made by our Company have not been made in the manner required under the Companies Act, 1956 and the Companies Act, 2013. Additionally, certain forms filed by our Company in the past had factual inaccuracies, which related to, amongst others, change in the designation of director(s) in Form(s) DIR-12 for appointments made in the year 2016, discrepancies in relation to price of allotment of Equity Shares for allotments made in the years 2018 and 2019, and class of Equity Shares mentioned incorrectly in Form(s) PAS 3 for allotments made in the years 2014, 2015, and 2017, and incorrect references to name of the ESOP scheme(s) in Form(s) PAS-3 for allotments made in the years 2018 and 2019. Further, in the past certain resolutions passed by our shareholders such as in relation to bonus issuance have also had factual inaccuracies such as incorrect number of Equity Shares. Further, our Company has not been able to trace records of certain forms that were required to be filed by our Company with the Registrar of Companies in the past, pertaining to period when the records at Registrar of Companies were not computerised. For instance, we have been unable to trace Form(s) 2 under the erstwhile Companies Act, 1956 for allotment of Equity Shares made prior to March 31, 2008. Despite conducting searches of our internal records and the records maintained by the jurisdictional Registrar of Companies for the aforesaid secretarial records, we have not been able to trace the aforementioned documents. 

While information in relation to such allotments has been disclosed in the section “ _Capital Structure_ ” beginning on page 71, in this Red Herring Prospectus, based on the statutory register of members, Board resolutions and minutes of the meetings of our Board, we may not be able to furnish any further document evidencing such allotments. We cannot assure you that the abovementioned forms will be available in the future. Further, we cannot assure you that our Company has filed such forms in a timely manner or at all, in the past. While our Company has made corrective filings with the RoC in relation to certain records and no legal proceedings or regulatory action has been initiated against our Company in relation to untraceable secretarial and other corporate records and documents as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we cannot assure you that such legal proceedings or regulatory actions will not be initiated against our Company in future. Although no regulatory action/ litigation is pending against us in relation to such untraceable secretarial and other corporate records and documents, we cannot assure you that we will not be subject to penalties imposed by regulatory authorities in this respect. 

# **_40. Fluctuations in the average selling prices of our paint products could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows._** 

The average selling prices of our products may be subject to fluctuations depending on the market conditions. The average selling prices of our products are affected by the general market conditions, such as pricing by competition and raw material costs, which could have an impact on the businesses of our dealers and, in turn, their demand for our products. An inflexible pricing policy may result in reduction in sales because of reduced price competitiveness. While, we have not experienced any material fluctuation in our average selling prices, we cannot assure you that we will not experience declining average selling prices for our products or that our average selling prices can remain at the same level in the future. A decline in the average selling prices for our products could adversely affect our business and financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 

**_41. Uncertainty regarding the manufacturing industry, housing market, economic conditions and other factors beyond our control could adversely affect demand for our products and services, our costs of doing business and our financial performance._** 

41 

Our financial performance depends significantly on the manufacturing industries, on the stability of the housing, residential construction, as well as general economic conditions, including changes in gross domestic product. Adverse conditions in or uncertainty about these markets, or the economy could adversely impact our end-customers’ confidence or financial condition, causing them to determine not to purchase home improvement products and services or delay purchasing or payment for those products and services. Other factors beyond our control, the state of the credit markets, including mortgages and consumer credit and other conditions beyond our control, could further adversely affect demand for our products and services, our costs of doing business and our financial performance. Any slowdown in these industries and economy is a major risk for the paint industry. 

**_42. Information relating to the installed manufacturing capacity and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates and future production and capacity may vary._** 

Information relating to the installed manufacturing capacity and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates of our management that have been taken into account by an independent chartered engineer in the calculation of the installed manufacturing capacity of, and actual productions volumes at, our manufacturing facilities. These assumptions and estimates include the standard capacity calculation practice of the paint industry after examining the period during which the manufacturing facilities operate in a year, expected operations, availability of raw materials, downtime resulting from scheduled maintenance activities, unscheduled breakdowns, as well as expected operational efficiencies, and taking into account the number of working days in a year, number of days in a month, number of shifts in a day, and average downtime efficiency. Actual manufacturing capacity, production levels and utilization rates may therefore vary from the information of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus or from the historical installed manufacturing capacity information of our manufacturing facilities depending on the product type. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on our historical installed capacity information for our existing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_43. We are dependent on our Promoters, Directors, and a number of key managerial personnel, and the loss of or our inability to attract or retain such persons could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows._** 

We are dependent on our Promoters, Directors and key managerial personnel for setting our strategic business direction and managing our business. Certain of our Promoters, being Directors of our Company and several of our key managerial personnel have extensive experience in the paint sector. Our ability to meet continued success and future business challenges depends on our ability to attract, recruit and retain experienced, talented and skilled professionals. Without a sufficient number of skilled employees, our operations and manufacturing quality could suffer. Our experienced sales team has also developed a number of dealer relationships that would be difficult to replace. Competition for qualified technical personnel and operators as well as sales personnel with established dealer relationships is intense, both in retaining our existing employees and when replacing or finding additional suitable employees. If we cannot hire additional qualified personnel or retain them, our ability to expand our business will be impacted. 

We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting suitable employees. The loss of the services of our key personnel or our inability to recruit or train a sufficient number of experienced personnel or our inability to manage the attrition levels in different employee categories may have an adverse effect on our financial results and business prospects. 

**_44. We have in this Red Herring Prospectus included certain Non-GAAP Measures and certain other industry measures related to our operations and financial performance. These Non-GAAP Measures and industry measures may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across the Indian decorative paint industry, and therefore may not be comparable with financial or industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other companies._** 

Certain Non-GAAP Measures and certain other industry measures relating to our operations and financial performance have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. We compute and disclose such Non-GAAP Measures and such other industry related statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance as we consider such information to be useful measures of our business and financial performance, and because such measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and others to evaluate the operational performance of Indian decorative paint manufacturing companies, many of which provide such Non-GAAP Measures and other industry related statistical and operational information. Such supplemental financial and operational information is therefore of limited utility as an analytical tool, and investors are cautioned against considering such information either in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our audited financial statements as reported under applicable accounting standards disclosed elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

42 

These Non-GAAP Measures and such other industry related statistical and other information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by generally accepted accounting principles, and therefore may not be comparable to financial measures and industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other manufacturing companies. For further information, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Non-GAAP Measures_ ” on pages 287-290. 

# **_45. Our Promoters will continue to retain majority shareholding in us after the Offer, which will allow them to exercise significant influence over us and potentially create conflicts of interest._** 

As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters hold approximately 60.05% of the pre-Offer paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. Accordingly, our Promoters will continue to exercise significant influence over our business policies and affairs and all matters requiring shareholders’ approval, including the composition of our Board, the adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation, the approval of mergers, strategic acquisitions or joint ventures or the sales of substantially all of our assets, and the policies for dividends, lending, investments and capital expenditures. This concentration of ownership also may delay, defer or even prevent a change in control of our Company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of these stockholders. The interests of the Promoters as our controlling shareholder could conflict with our interests or the interests of its other shareholders. We cannot assure you that the Promoters will act to resolve any conflicts of interest in our favour. 

# **_46. Any failure or disruption of our information technology systems could adversely impact our business and operations._** 

Our business is dependent upon increasingly complex and interdependent information technology systems, including internet-based systems, to support business processes as well as internal and external communications. For instance, we have implemented an ERP system across our offices and manufacturing facilities, to handle purchase of goods, services, inventory, supply chain management, invoicing, accounting, payments, collections, reconciliation, taxation, and other business functions. The complexity of our computer systems may make them potentially vulnerable to breakdown, malicious intrusion and computer viruses. While we have not experienced any disruptions to our information technology systems in the past, we cannot assure you that we will not encounter disruptions in the future. Any such disruption may result in the loss of key information or disruption of our business processes, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, our systems are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches, whether by employees or others that may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. 

**_47. Changes in technology may affect our business by making our manufacturing facilities or equipment less competitive._** 

Our profitability and competitiveness are to a certain extent dependent on our ability to respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis. Changes in technology may make newer generation manufacturing equipment more competitive than ours or may require us to make additional capital expenditures to upgrade our manufacturing facilities. Our inability to continue to invest in new and more advanced technologies and equipment, may result in our inability to respond to emerging industry standards and practices in a cost-effective and timely manner that is competitive with other paint manufacturing companies and other methods of manufacturing. The development and implementation of such technology entails technical and business risks. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully implement new technologies or adapt our processing systems to emerging industry standards. If we are unable to adapt in a timely manner to changing market conditions or technological changes, our business and financial performance could be adversely affected. 

**_48. We may undertake strategic acquisitions or investments, which may prove to be difficult to integrate and manage or may not be successful._** 

We strengthened our presence in southern India and gained access to solvent-based paints through the acquisition of Hi-Build Coatings Private Limited and its facilities at Kochi (Kerala) and Pudukkottai (Tamil Nadu) in Fiscal 2016. In the future, we may consider making simliar strategic acquisitions of other paint manufacturing companies or other companies whose resources, capabilities and strategies are complementary to and are likely to increase our product portfolio and expand our distribution network. We may also enter into strategic alliances or joint ventures to explore such opportunities or make significant investments in entities that we do not control to capitalize on such business opportunities, and there can be no assurance that such strategic alliances, joint ventures or investments will be successful. 

43 

It is also possible that we may not identify suitable acquisition or investment candidates, or that if we do identify suitable candidates, we may not complete those transactions on terms commercially acceptable to us or at all. The inability to identify suitable acquisition targets or investments or the inability to complete such transactions may adversely affect our competitiveness or our growth prospects. 

If we acquire another company we could face difficulty in integrating the acquired operations. In addition, the key personnel of the acquired company may decide not to work for us. These difficulties could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and employees and increase our expenses. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve the strategic purpose of such acquisition or operational integration or our targeted return on investment. 

**_49. We appoint contract labour for carrying out certain of our ancillary operations and we may be held responsible for paying the wages of such workers, if the independent contractors through whom such workers are hired default on their obligations, and such obligations could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

In order to retain flexibility and control costs, we appoint independent contractors who in turn engage on-site contract labour for performing certain of our manufacturing and ancillary operations. The numbers of contract labourers vary from time to time based on the nature and extent of work contracted to independent contractors. Although we do not engage these labourers directly, we may be held responsible for any wage payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractors. All contract labourers engaged at our manufacturing facilities are assured minimum wages that are fixed by the state government from time to time. Any upward revision of wages that may be required by the state government to be paid to such contract labourers or the unavailability of the required number of contract labourers, may adversely affect the business and future results of our operations. 

Further, in the event of any non-compliance by contractors with statutory requirements, legal proceedings may be initiated against us. While the Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970 does not require us to retain contract labourers as our employees, the Indian courts on a case by case basis have directed employers in the past to absorb contract labourers as employees. Thus, any such order from a regulatory body or court may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 

# **_50. We have issued Equity Shares at prices that may be lower than the Offer Price in the last 12 months._** 

We  have  issued  and  allotted (i) 16,078,075 Equity Shares upon conversion of Series A1 CCCPS, Series A2 CCCPS, Series B CCCPS, and Series C CCCPS on December 22, 2020; and (ii) 455,325 Equity Shares pursuant to exercise of options vested under ESOS 2014 on January 5, 2021, at prices which may be lower than the Offer Price. For further details, see “ _Capital Structure – Notes to the Capital Structure – Equity Share capital history of our Company_ ” on pages 71-73. 

**_51. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the equity shareholders._** 

We have in the past entered into transactions with certain enterprises over which our Directors have a significant influence. While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, we cannot assure you that we might have obtained more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. 

For further information on our related party transactions, see “ _Other Financial Information – Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 267. We cannot assure you that any such future transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will always be in the best interests of our minority shareholders and will not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_52. Industry information included in this Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from an industry report commissioned by us for such purpose. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical, financial and other industry information is either complete or accurate._** 

We have availed the services of an independent third party research agency, Frost & Sullivan India Private Limited, to prepare an industry report titled “ _Independent Market Report for Paints Sector in India”_ dated November 9, 2020, for purposes of inclusion of such information in this Red Herring Prospectus. This report is subject to various limitations and based upon certain assumptions that are subjective in nature. None of our Company, the Book Running Lead Managers or any other person connected with the Offer has independently verified such information. Although we believe that the data may be considered to be reliable, the accuracy, completeness and underlying 

44 

assumptions are not guaranteed and dependability cannot be assured. While we have taken reasonable care in the reproduction of the information, the information has not been prepared or independently verified by us, or the BRLMs or any of our or its respective affiliates or advisors and, therefore, we make no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of such facts and statistics. Further, there is no assurance that such information are stated or compiled on the same basis or with the same degree of accuracy as may be the case elsewhere. In addition, statements from such third parties that involve estimates are subject to change, and actual amounts may differ materially from those included in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_53. Our end-customers may engage in certain transactions in or with countries or persons that are subject to U.S. and other sanctions._** 

U.S. law generally prohibits U.S. persons from directly or indirectly investing or otherwise doing business in or with certain countries that are the subject of comprehensive sanctions and with certain persons or businesses that have been specially designated by the OFAC or other U.S. government agencies. Other governments and international or regional organizations also administer similar economic sanctions. Our end-customers may be located in jurisdictions to which certain OFAC-administered and other sanctions apply. Although we believe we have compliance systems in place that are sufficient to block prohibited transactions, there can be no assurance that we will be able to fully monitor all of our transactions for any potential violation. Although we do not believe that we are in violation of any applicable sanctions, if it were determined that transactions in which we participate violate U.S. or other sanctions, we could be subject to penalties, and our reputation and future business prospects could be adversely affected. Further, investors in the Equity Shares could incur reputational or other risks as a consequence. 

**_54. If we are subject to any frauds, theft, or embezzlement by our employees, suppliers, contractors or dealers, it could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows._** 

Our operations may be subject to incidents of theft. We may also encounter some inventory loss on account of employee/ contractor/ dealer/ vendor fraud, theft, or embezzlement. Although we have set up various security measures in our manufacturing facilities such as deployment of security guards and operational processes such as periodic stock taking, there can be no assurance that we will not experience any fraud, theft, employee negligence, loss in transit or similar incidents in the future, which could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 

**_55. We face foreign exchange risks that could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows._** 

We have foreign currency payables for supply of certain raw materials and equipment and are therefore, exposed to foreign exchange risk between the Indian Rupee and U.S. Dollars and other foreign currencies. There can be no assurance that we will be able to avoid the effect of any adverse fluctuations in the value of the Indian Rupee against other relevant foreign currencies. Any significant fluctuation in the value of the Indian Rupee against such currencies including as noticed recently in the case of the US Dollar, may adversely affect our results of operations. Any appreciation of foreign currencies against the Indian Rupee may result in reduction of our margins and consequently have an adverse effect on business and result of operations. 

**_56. Certain Promoters, also being the executive Directors of our Company, hold Equity Shares in our Company and are therefore interested in the Company’s performance in addition to their remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Certain of our Promoters, also being the executive Directors of our Company, are interested in our Company, in addition to their remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses, to the extent of their shareholding in our Company. We cannot assure you that they will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. Our Promoters and Directors may take or block actions with respect to our business which may conflict with the best interests of our Company or that of minority shareholders. For further information on the interest of our Promoters and Directors of our Company, other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or remuneration or benefits, see “ _Our Management_ ” and “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group_ ” on pages 190 and 203, respectively. 

**_57. We have not been able to obtain certain records of the educational qualifications of one of our Promoters, Kamala Prasad Jalan, and have relied on certificates furnished by him for such details of his profile, included in this Red Herring Prospectus._** 

One of our Promoters, Kamala Prasad Jalan, has been unable to trace copies of documents pertaining to his educational qualifications, namely his bachelor’s degree in commerce and law. While he has written a letter to the concerned university requesting for a copy of his degree certificates, a response from the university is awaited and there is no assurance that the university will respond to such letter in a timely manner or at all. Accordingly, reliance has been placed on certificates furnished by him to us and the BRLMs to disclose details of his educational qualifications in this Red Herring Prospectus. We and the BRLMs have been unable to independently verify these 

45 

details prior to inclusion in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, there can be no assurances that he will be able to trace the relevant documents pertaining to his educational qualifications in future, or at all. 

**_58. Our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale by the Selling Shareholders._** 

The Offer consists of an Offer for Sale by the Selling Shareholders. The entire proceeds of the Offer for Sale will be transferred to each of the Selling Shareholders in proportion to its respective portion of the Offered Shares transferred by each of them in the Offer for Sale and will not result in any creation of value for us or in respect of your investment in our Company. The entire proceeds from the Offer for Sale will be paid to the Selling Shareholders and our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. For further information, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 90. 

# **_59. One of our Promoters may not have adequate experience in the business activities undertaken by our Company._** 

One of our Promoters namely, Parag Jalan has several years of experience in consultancy services, however, may not have adequate experience in the business activities undertaken by our Company. For details, see “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group_ ” beginning on page 201. The business of our Company is managed by our other Promoters. Our Company cannot assure you that the lack of such adequate prior experience of one of our Promoters in our business will not have any adverse impact on the management and/ or operations of the Company. 

**_60. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

We have not declared dividend in the past. For further information, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 206. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. The declaration and payment of dividends will be recommended by the Board of Directors and approved by the Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act, 2013. We may retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of the business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board in accordance with the dividend distribution policy adopted by our Board on October 20, 2020 and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our Company’s profitability, capital requirements, financial commitments and requirements, including business and expansions plans, applicable legal restrictions and any other financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. Accordingly, realization of a gain on Shareholders’ investments will depend on the appreciation of the price of the Equity Shares. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will appreciate in value. 

# **RISKS RELATING TO INDIA** 

# **_61. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia, Russia and elsewhere in the world in recent years has adversely affected the Indian economy. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby negatively affect the Indian economy. Financial disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on our principal markets. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. Following the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union (“ **Brexit** ”), there remains significant uncertainty around the terms of their future relationship with the European Union and, more generally, as to the impact of Brexit on the general economic conditions in the United Kingdom and the European Union and any consequential impact on global financial markets. For example, Brexit could give rise to increased volatility in foreign exchange rate movements and the value of equity and debt investments. 

In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy as well as a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term effect of these and other legislative and regulatory 

46 

efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. Any significant financial disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation, and cash flows. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_62. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or outbreak of global pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war in India or globally may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

**_63. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located elsewhere, including India. Adverse economic developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficit, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 

We are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in which we operate. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. Demand for our products may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional and global economies. Economic growth in the countries in which we operate is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports, global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall which affects agricultural production. Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Also, a change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could adversely affect economic conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular and high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our revenues, and as such decrease our operating margins. 

**_64. Majority of our revenue is derived from business in India and a slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer and could adversely affect our results of operations_** 

We derive a majority of our revenue from our operations in India, accordingly, our performance and the growth of our business are necessarily dependent on the health of the overall Indian economy. A slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect the policy of the Government of India towards our industry, which may in turn adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to implement our business strategy. 

The Indian economy’s growth momentum moderated significantly in Fiscal 2018 and 2019 as compared to previous years. According to the Indian Central Statistics Organization, India’s real GDP growth decreased from 7.2% in Fiscal 2018 to 6.8% in Fiscal 2019. According to the Indian Central Statistics Organization, industrial sector growth slowed from 6.1% in Fiscal 2018 to 7.6% in Fiscal 2019. As per various sources, the Indian economy has slowed further in Fiscal 2020. The Indian economy is also influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market conditions in Asia. A loss of investor confidence in other emerging market economies or any worldwide financial instability may adversely affect the Indian economy, which could materially and adversely 

47 

affect our business and results of operations and the market price of the Equity Shares. Any slowdown in the Indian economy or future volatility in global markets could increase in our borrowing costs, result in freeze in lending generally, thereby adversely affecting our business. Additionally, an increase in trade deficit, a downgrading in India’s sovereign debt rating or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively affect interest rates and liquidity, which could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business. Any downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India could also adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

Further, India’s economy could be adversely affected by a general rise in interest rates, adverse weather conditions affecting agriculture, commodity and energy prices as well as various other factors. A slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect the policy of the Government of India towards our banking and finance industry, which may in turn adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to implement our business strategy. 

India has from time to time experienced instances of social, religious and civil unrest and hostilities between neighbouring countries. Military activity or terrorist attacks in the future could influence the Indian economy by disrupting communications and making travel more difficult and such political tensions could create a greater perception that investments in Indian companies involve higher degrees of risk. Events of this nature in the future, as well as social and civil unrest within other countries in Asia, could influence the Indian economy. A number of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to contagious diseases and, for example, have had confirmed cases of diseases such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID-19 virus. 

Other factors which may adversely affect the Indian economy are scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing of our developments and expansions; volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on India’s principal stock exchanges; changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies, like political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; occurrence of natural or man-made disasters; infectious disease outbreaks or other serious public health concerns; prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; and other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India. 

**_65. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as Indian GAAP, U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which investors may be more familiar with and may consider material to their assessment of our financial condition._** 

Our Restated Financial Statements as of and for the years ended March 31, 2018 (proforma), March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020, and as of and for the six months ended September 30, 2019 and September 30, 2020, have been derived from our audited financial statements as at and for the six months ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2019 each prepared in accordance with Ind AS 34, and our audited financial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2020 prepared in accordance with Ind AS, and our audited financial statements as at and for the years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 each prepared in accordance with Indian GAAP and restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the ICAI Guidance Note. 

Ind AS differs in certain significant respects from Indian GAAP, IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. If our Restated Financial Statements were to be prepared in accordance with such other accounting principles, our results of operations, cash flows and financial position may be substantially different. Prospective investors should review the accounting policies applied in the preparation of our Restated Financial Statements, and consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between these accounting principles and those with which they may be more familiar. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

**_66. If there is any change in laws or regulations, including taxation laws, or their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect our financial statements._** 

Any change in Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. For instance, the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Ordinance, 2019, a new tax ordinance issued by India’s Ministry of Finance on September 20, 2019, prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. According to this new ordinance, companies can henceforth voluntarily opt in favor of a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which would ultimately reduce the effective tax rate for Indian companies from 34.94% to approximately 25.17%. Any such future amendments may affect our other benefits such as exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemption for interest received in respect of tax free bonds, and long-term capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute 

48 

in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. 

In addition, we are subject to tax related inquiries and claims. We may be particularly affected by claims from tax authorities on account of income tax assessment, service tax, past claims of central excise, state VAT, and GST that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into one unified rate of interest with effect from July 1, 2017. For further information on litigations arising out of such claims, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” beginning on page 309. 

Further, the Government of India has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2021, pursuant to which the Finance Act, 2020 (“ **Finance Act** ”), effective from July 1, 2020, has introduced various amendments. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2020 may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. 

# **_67. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Further, unless specifically restricted, foreign investment is freely permitted in all sectors of the Indian economy up to any extent and without any prior approvals, but the foreign investor is required to follow certain prescribed procedures for making such investment. The RBI and the concerned ministries/departments are responsible for granting approval for foreign investment. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. 

In addition, pursuant to the Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the DPIIT, which has been incorporated as the proviso to Rule 6(a) of the FEMA Rules, investments where the beneficial owner of the Equity Shares is situated in or is a citizen of a country which shares land border with India, can only be made through the Government approval route, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy dated October 15, 2020 and the FEMA Rules. These investment restrictions shall also apply to subscribers of offshore derivative instruments. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained with or without any particular terms or conditions or at all. 

We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For further information, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 354. 

# **_68. A downgrade in ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. India’s sovereign rating decreased from Baa2 with a “negative” outlook to Baa3 with a “negative” outlook by Moody’s and from BBB with a “stable” outlook to BBB with a “negative” outlook (Fitch) in June 2020; and from BBB “stable” to BBB “negative” by DBRS in May 2020. India’s sovereign ratings from S&P is BBB-with a “stable” outlook. Any further adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

49 

**_69. Adverse geopolitical conditions such as increased tensions between India and China, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Adverse geopolitical conditions such as increased tensions between India and China resulting in any military conflict in the region could adversely affect our business and operations. Such events may lead to countries imposing restrictions on the import or export of products or raw materials, among others, and affect our ability to procure raw materials required for our manufacturing operations. We could also be affected by the introduction of import tariffs in India, or in the countries to which we export our products, or changes in trade agreements between countries. 

**_70. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us, our Directors, the Book Running Lead Managers or any of their directors and executive officers in India respectively, except by way of a law suit in India._** 

We are incorporated under the laws of India and all of our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel reside in India. All of our assets are also located in India. Where investors wish to enforce foreign judgments in India, they may face difficulties in enforcing such judgments. India exercises reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions. In order to be enforceable, a judgment obtained in a jurisdiction which India recognises as a reciprocating territory must meet certain requirements of the Civil Procedure Code, 1908 (the “ **CPC** ”). 

India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13, 14 and Section 44A of the CPC on a statutory basis. Section 44A of the CPC provides that where a certified copy of a decree of any superior court, within the meaning of that Section, obtained in any country or territory outside India which the government has by notification declared to be in a reciprocating territory, may be enforced in India by proceedings in execution as if the judgment had been rendered by a district court in India. However, Section 44A of the CPC is applicable only to monetary decrees and does not apply to decrees for amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalties and does not apply to arbitration awards (even if such awards are enforceable as a decree or judgment). 

Among other jurisdictions, the United Kingdom, United Arab Emirates, Singapore and Hong Kong have been declared by the government to be reciprocating territories for the purposes of Section 44A of the CPC. The United States has not been declared by the Government of India to be a reciprocating territory for the purposes of Section 44A of the CPC. A judgment of a court of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit upon the judgment under Section 13 of the CPC, and not by proceedings in execution. Section 13 of the CPC provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated upon except: (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction; (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case; (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable; (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice; (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud; and/ or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. The suit must be brought in India within three years from the date of judgment in the same manner as any other suit filed to enforce a civil liability in India. 

It cannot be assured that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it views the amount of damages awarded as excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. A party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval from the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered pursuant to the execution of such foreign judgment. 

**_71. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our products at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our clients thereby reducing our margins._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of transportation, wages, raw materials and other expenses relevant to our business. 

High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our clients, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or entirely offset any increases in costs with increases in prices for our products. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

50 

Further, the Government has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

**_72. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results_** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time taken for such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares outside India, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

# **RISKS RELATING TO THE OFFER AND THE EQUITY SHARES** 

**_73. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction the investors are located in do not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor's benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emption rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in us would be reduced. 

**_74. Rights of shareholders of companies under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Our Articles of Association, composition of our Board, Indian laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive and wide-spread as shareholders' rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

**_75. Any future issuance of Equity Shares may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth, whether organic or inorganic, through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us (including under an employee benefit scheme) or disposal of our Equity Shares by the Promoters or any of our other principal shareholders or any other change in our shareholding structure to comply with minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India or any public perception regarding such issuance or sales may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that our existing shareholders including our Promoters will not dispose of further Equity Shares after the completion of the Offer (subject to compliance with the lock-in provisions under the SEBI ICDR Regulations) or pledge or encumber their Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of shareholder’s investment in the Equity Shares and adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. Such securities may also be issued at prices below the Offer Price. We may also issue convertible debt securities to finance our future growth or fund our business activities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. 

51 

# **_76. Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Offer._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately five Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

# **_77. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under the current Indian tax laws and regulations, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is levied both at the time of transfer and acquistion of the equity shares (unless exempted under a prescribed notification), and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realised on the sale of equity shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold using any other platform other than on a recognised stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, are subject to long term capital gains tax in India. Such long term capital gains exceeding ₹ 100,000 arising from the sale of listed equity shares on the stock exchange are subject to tax at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess). Unrealized capital gains earned on listed equity shares up to January 31, 2018 continue to be tax exempt in such cases. Further, STT will be levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange if the equity shares are sold on a stock exchange. With respect to capital gains arising in an off market sale, long term capital gains are subject to tax at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) without the exemption of ₹ 100,000. Short-term capital gains, arising from the sale of such equity shares on a stock exchange would be subject to tax at the rate of 15% (plus applicable surcharge and cess), while short term capital gains arising in an off-market sale would be subject to tax at a higher rate of 40% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) in the case of foreign companies and 30% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) in the case of other non-resident taxpayers. 

The Finance Act, 2019 amended the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 with effect from July 1, 2020 and clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2019 may have on our Company’s business and operations. 

Further, any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. In cases where the seller is a non-resident, capital gains arising from the sale of the equity shares will be partially or wholly exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Additionally, the Finance Act, 2020 does not require dividend distribution tax to be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. Historically, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the equity shares. 

Our Company cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect on our Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_78. The requirements of being a publicly listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a publicly listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the Listing Regulations which will require us to file audited annual and 

52 

unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. Further, as a publicly listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

**_79. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and may experience price and volume fluctuations following the completion of the Offer, an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for our Equity Shares will develop or, if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book building process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described in the section “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” beginning on page 119. This price may not necessarily be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares after the Offer is completed. You may not be able to re-sell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer price and may as a result lose all or part of your investment. 

Our Equity Shares are expected to trade on NSE and BSE after the Offer, but there can be no assurance that active trading in our Equity Shares will develop after the Offer, or if such trading develops that it will continue. Investors may not be able to sell our Equity Shares at the quoted price if there is no active trading in our Equity Shares. 

There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past, and the trading price of our Equity Shares after this Offer could fluctuate significantly as a result of market volatility or due to various internal or external risks, including but not limited to those described in this Red Herring Prospectus. The market price of our Equity Shares may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 

- the failure of security analysts to cover the Equity Shares after this Offer, or changes in the estimates of our performance by analysts; 

- the activities of competitors and suppliers; 

- future sales of the Equity Shares by us or our shareholders; 

- investor perception of us and the industry in which we operate; 

- our quarterly or annual earnings or those of our competitors; 

- developments affecting fiscal, industrial or environmental regulations; 

- the public’s reaction to our press releases and adverse media reports; and 

- general economic conditions. 

A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

# **_80. Future sales of Equity Shares by our Promoter may adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares._** 

After the completion of the Offer, our Promoter will own, directly, more than [●]% of our outstanding Equity Shares. Upon expiry of the lock-in period provided under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, our Promoter will be eligible to sell part or all of the Equity Shares held by it. Future sales of a large number of the Equity Shares by our Promoter, either in one sale or over a series of sales, could adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares. Similarly, the perception that any such primary or secondary sale may occur could adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares. No assurance may be given that our Promoter will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future, or that the market price of the Equity Shares will not be adversely affected by any such disposal, pledge or encumbrance of their Equity Shares. 

**_81. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids(in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid amount) at any stage after submitting a bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after bid/offer closing date._** 

53 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to block the Bid amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of equity shares or the Bid amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Similarly, Retail Individual Investors can revise or withdraw their Bids at any time during the bid/offer period and until the Bid/ offer closing date, but not thereafter. While we are required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within six Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by the SEBI, events affecting the Investors’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events may limit the Investors’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. Therefore, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors will not be able to withdraw or lower their bids following adverse developments in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or otherwise between the dates of submission of their Bids and Allotment. 

# **_82. U.S. holders should consider the impact of the passive foreign investment company rules in connection with an investment in our Equity Shares._** 

A foreign corporation will be treated as a passive foreign investment company (“ **PFIC** ”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes for any taxable year in which either: (i) at least 75% of its gross income is “passive income” or (ii) at least 50% of its gross assets during the taxable year (based on of the quarterly values of the assets during a taxable year) are “passive assets,” which generally means that they produce passive income or are held for the production of passive income. 

Our Company believes it was not a PFIC for fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, and does not expect to be a PFIC for the current year or any future years. However, no assurance can be given that our Company will or will not be considered a PFIC in the current or future years. The determination of whether or not our Company is a PFIC is a factual determination that is made annually after the end of each taxable year, and there can be no assurance that our Company will not be considered a PFIC in the current taxable year or any future taxable year because, among other reasons, (i) the composition of our Company’s income and assets will vary over time, and (ii) the manner of the application of relevant rules is uncertain in several respects. Further, our Company’s PFIC status may depend on the market price of its Equity Shares, which may fluctuate considerably. 

# **_83. Compliance with provisions of Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act may affect payments on the Equity Shares._** 

The U.S. “Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act” (or “ **FATCA** ”) imposes a new reporting regime and potentially, imposes a 30% withholding tax on certain “foreign passthru payments” made by certain non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries). 

If payments on the Equity Shares are made by such non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries), this withholding may be imposed on such payments if made to any non-U.S. financial institution (including an intermediary) that is not otherwise exempt from FATCA or other holders who do not provide sufficient identifying information to the payer, to the extent such payments are considered “foreign passthru payments”. Under current guidance, the term “foreign passthru payment” is not defined and it is therefore not clear whether and to what extent payments on the Equity Shares would be considered “foreign passthru payments”. The United States has entered into intergovernmental agreements with many jurisdictions (including India) that modify the FATCA withholding regime described above. It is not yet clear how the intergovernmental agreements between the United States and these jurisdictions will address “foreign passthru payments” and whether such agreements will require us or other financial institutions to withhold or report on payments on the Equity Shares to the extent they are treated as “foreign passthru payments”. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the consequences of FATCA, or any intergovernmental agreement or non-U.S. legislation implementing FATCA, to their investment in Equity Shares. 

54 

