# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all of the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks and uncertainties described in this section are not the only risks that we currently face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. If any or a combination of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected, the price of the Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment._ 

_In making an investment decision, as prospective investors, you must rely on your own examination of us and the terms of the Offer, including the merits and the risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial, legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. To obtain a complete understanding of our business, you should read this section in conjunction with the sections titled “Industry Overview”, “Our Business”, “Financial Information” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” beginning on pages 87, 126, 187 and 239, respectively, of this Red Herring Prospectus, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. The industry-related information disclosed in this section that is not otherwise publicly available is derived from CRISIL Industry Report. Neither our Company, nor any other person connected with the Offer, including the BRLMs, has independently verified the information in the industry report or other publicly available information cited in this section._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including the considerations described in this section and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. See “Forward Looking Statements” on page 18. Unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information used in this section is derived from the Restated Summary Financial Information._ 

_Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risks factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implication of any of the risks described in this section. In this section, references to “we”, “our” and “us” are to our Company. Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information included herein is based on our Restated Financial Statements for Fiscal 2017, Fiscal 2018 and Fiscal 2019 included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For details, see “Financial Information” on page 187._ 

# **_Internal Risk Factors_** 

**_1. Our business and revenues are substantially dependent on Indian Railways. Any adverse change in policy of the Ministry of Railways may adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our business and revenues are substantially dependent on the policies of the Ministry of Railways and operations of Indian Railways. As a CPSE wholly owned by the Government of India and under the administrative control of the Ministry of Railways, our scope of services, and the fees we charge, are primarily determined by the Ministry of Railways. At certain times in the past, the Government has made certain decisions that has adversely impacted our results of operations.  For example, the Ministry of Railways in 2016 removed the charges we levy on passengers booking railway tickets online as service charge at rates of ₹20 per ticket for non AC classes and ₹40 per ticket for AC classes. This had a material adverse impact on our revenues. Ministry of Finance by separate notification on July 5, 2017 proposed to reimburse ₹800.00 million to us until the Government of India permits us to recover online ticketing cost/levy of commission on passengers utilizing the online ticketing service we provide. The Ministry of Railways reimbursed our Company in the amount of ₹800.00 million and ₹880.00 million for Fiscal 2018 and 2019, respectively for our operations costs. Any similar decisions by the Ministry of Railways in the future could adversely affect our results of operations. More generally, as it is necessary for us to act in accordance with the directives of Government of India, through Ministry of Railways, we cannot assure you that our investments and efforts into our current operation will be profitable. The Government of India may, reasons of public interest, terminate any of its policy directives without due consideration to the performance of our operation. Further, Ministry of Railways issued general guidance on redevelopment of railway stations by Indian Railway Stations 

24 

Development Corporation Limited as nodal agency for facility management at railway stations. Any adverse change in policy of the Ministry of Railways in relation to facility management at railway station may adversely affect our business and results of operations 

As a CPSE, we are often authorized by the Government to offer various products and services to the public on behalf of Indian Railways, as well as receiving operative support from the Ministry of Railways from time to time. However, there can be no assurance that these directives from the Ministry of Railways will continue to benefit our business. Certain government programs or projects may be subject to delays, extensive internal processes, policy changes, and changes due to local, national and internal political forces, such as periodic elections at Central and State level, insufficiency of Government funds or changes in budgetary allocations of Government entities. For example, as the only CPSE authorized by the Ministry of Railways with focus on railway catering services, we have been entrusted with the responsibility to take over catering services of Indian Railways pursuant to the Catering Policy 2017 in a phased manner and have directed a significant amount of resources in doing so. Any change in the mandate may halt the expansion of our business. Any withdrawal or adverse changes in Government policies may lead to adverse impact on our on-going business and could, materially and adversely affect our financial condition, capital expenditure, revenues, development and our business operation. 

# **_2. Our Company and Directors are involved in certain legal and other proceedings._** 

Our Company and Directors are currently involved in certain legal proceedings. These legal proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts and tribunals. The summary of outstanding litigation in relation to criminal matters, tax matters, actions by regulatory/ statutory authorities and matters above the materiality threshold involving our Company and Directors have been set out below. 

|**Nature of Cases**|**Number of Cases**|**Amount Involved*(in₹ million)**|
|---|---|---|
|**Proceedings against our Company**|||
|Criminal|8|0.12|
|Tax|95|2,257.23|
|Otherpendingmaterial litigation|23|3,975.74|
|**Proceeding by our Company**|||
|Criminal|Nil|Nil|
|Otherpendingmaterial litigation|1|NIL|
|**Proceedings against our Directors**|||
|Criminal|1|0.07|
|Tax|Nil|Nil|
|Otherpendingmaterial litigation|Nil|Nil|
|**Proceedings by our Directors**|||
|Criminal|Nil|Nil|
|Otherpendingmaterial litigation|Nil|Nil|
|_* To the extent quantifiable._|||



For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” beginning on page 269. Decisions in any of the aforesaid proceedings adverse to our interests may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. If the courts or tribunals rule against us or our Company or our Directors, we may face monetary and/or reputational losses and may have to make provisions in our financial statements, which could increase our expenses and our liabilities. 

**_3. We are the sole provider of online railway ticketing, catering services, and packaged drinking water for trains and stations, and certain other services we provide; if the Government were to allow open competition in all or any of these areas, it may impact our financial results._** 

Under the Catering Policy 2017, we benefit from a monopoly position in many of the services we provide to our customers.  In particular, we are the exclusive provider of online railway ticketing, catering services and packaged drinking water for trains and stations.  As a result, we do not face some of the pressures experienced by businesses that operate in more openly competitive industries.  This allows us to make certain operating and strategic decisions 

25 

without focusing on the impacts of those decisions _vis a vis_ other competitors. In particular, we generated 25.62%, 48.70% and 54.99% of our income from railway catering in fiscal years 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively, and 10.22%, 11.13% and 9.28% of our income from packaged drinking water during in fiscal years 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively. If the Ministry of Railways were to permit more competition in mobile or static catering, packaged drinking water or another area in which we currently have a monopoly position, it could have a significant impact on the way we operate our business, and adversely impact our results of operations and profitability. 

**_4. Our Auditors have included a matter of emphasis in relation to our Company in the Restated Financial Statements._** 

In its report on each of (a) the audited financial statements of our Company as at and for the year ended March 31, 2019, (b) the audited financial statements of our Company as at and for the year ended March 31, 2018 and (c) the audited financial statements of our Company as at and for the year ended March 31, 2017, our Auditors included an emphasis of matter. For details of these emphasis of matters and our responses thereon, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations–Summary of Qualifications, Emphasis of Matters and Observations in our Statutory Auditors Reports_ ” on page 239. Potential investors should consider these matters in evaluating our financial position, cash flows and results of operations. 

**_5. We have been unable to make consolidation of our financial statements in absence of audited accounts of our joint venture, Royale Indian Rail Tours Limited._** 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have one joint venture, RIRTL with Cox & Kings Limited. However, we have not consolidated the financial statements of RIRTL in our financial statements since the Fiscal Year 2010 –11 on account of ongoing litigation with Cox & Kings Limited and unavailability of financial statements of RIRTL. Further, Cox & Kings Limited has initiated 2 arbitration proceedings _vide_ two separate statement of claims dated November 09, 2011 and July 26, 2012, against our Company with respect to RIRTL; one pertaining to the joint venture agreement dated December 10, 2008 and the other pertaining to the articles of association of RIRTL. Simultaneously, our Company has also initiated proceeding before NCLT under sections 388B, 397, 398, 399 and 403 of the Companies Act, 1956. Accordingly, no financial information for RIRTL has been presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further details, see _“Financial Statements –Note 37.3”_ on page 187 and “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments”_ on page 269. 

# **_6. Our business can be negatively affected if we are unable to maintain quality standards._** 

We provide food catering services to the passengers of Indian Railways on trains and at the stations. Any adverse claims, media speculation or other public statements relating to our food and service quality could materially and adversely affect our reputation and our corporate image, or otherwise affect our ability to conduct our business in the ordinary course.  It could also adversely impact our ability to obtain and renew operational licenses and regulatory approvals and establish and maintain our relationships with guests and suppliers, and to expand our business. The success of our catering business depends significantly on the quality of our food and services which are impacted by our ability to maintain cleanliness and hygiene at all locations where we serve food and provide catering services, including to people who ordered remotely on e-catering website. Any failure on our part to meet quality requirements of regulators or expectations of consumers could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We cannot assure you that there will not be incidents of contaminated products or ingredients in the future that may result in product liability claims, product recalls and negative publicity. Any such claims or allegations would also distract our management from their day to day management responsibilities and may therefore have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our operations are dependent on adequate and timely deliveries of quality ingredients, including fresh produce. We depend substantially on third-party distributors and suppliers tendered for such deliveries, and therefore, are subject to the risk of shortages or interruptions in supply, caused by factors such as adverse weather conditions, unanticipated demand, changes in government regulation and recalls of food products, all of which could adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of ingredients necessary for our operation. If the quality of our suppliers’ ingredients declines, we may not be able to obtain replacements for such ingredients on commercially agreeable 

26 

terms or at all in the open market through limited tender process for new suppliers. If our food quality declines due to the inferior quality of ingredients or due to interruptions in the supply of ingredients, demands for our products or services may decline and negatively affect our results of operations. In addition, the food supply industry in India is largely fragmented and unorganized and we depend on a number of local suppliers for our ingredients that participate in our limited tender process from time to time. Any change in operation or business of our local suppliers may affect the quality of ingredients received by us and negatively impact our business. 

**_7. We rely on information technology to operate our internet ticketing and tourism business and maintain our competitiveness; any failure to adapt to technological developments or industry trends could harm our business._** 

We depend on the use of information technology and systems for the services that we provide and also for payments, refunds, customer relationship management, communications and administration. As our operations grow both in size and in scope, we must continuously improve and upgrade our systems and infrastructure to offer our customers enhanced services, features and functionality, while maintaining the reliability and integrity of our systems and infrastructure in a cost-effective manner. Our future success also depends on our ability to upgrade our services and infrastructure ahead of rapidly evolving consumer demands. We may not be able to use new technologies effectively, or we may fail to adapt our websites, transaction processing systems and network infrastructure to consumer requirements or emerging industry standards. If we face material delays in introducing new or enhanced solutions, our customers may stop using our services in favor of those of our competitors in business sectors where we are not the only entity authorized by the Government to provide services. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

In addition, all of our servers, information technology and storage systems are centrally located at one single location.  We do not currently employ separate offsite storage or back-up systems other than at this location. While the Company is currently contemplating for an additional data centre and separate offsite storage and back-up systems, as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, such measures have not yet been implemented and there can be no assurances that we will not suffer disasters or other technological hazards prior to the implementation of such additional measures or that such measures will be implemented in a timely manner or at all. Further, there can be no assurance that implementation of such measures will prevent occurrence of simultaneous failure of all our sites. Therefore, if this location were to suffer a natural disaster, or other catastrophic event, we could lose critical data or information that we use in connection with our operations, and such loss could have a material adverse effect on our operations, customer relationships, relationships with our suppliers and other counterparties, and our business generally. 

Further, our business could be negatively impacted by changes in search engines' search logic, policy and function, as we offer most of our products and services online. These search engines update their search logic from time to time which determines the placement of different websites, as well as the responsiveness to users' internet searches, and in turn impact the number of web traffic directed to our websites. The lack of placement of links to our websites may negatively impact our competitiveness among different sectors which we operate, and if these search engines change the search logic used on their web portal and resulting in change in our ranking among similar sites, we may experience decline in visitor traffic and in turn negatively affect our business operations. 

**_8. We are exposed to risks associated with online security, security of our customers’ personal information and credit card fraud; failure to manage these risks may expose us to litigation, liability and damage to our reputation and brand image._** 

We receive and maintain certain personal information about our customers who book online tickets and services through our various websites.  Secured transactions over the internet are essential to our business operation. Security breaches, whether instigated internally or externally on our system or other internet-based systems could materially and adversely harm our business. Customers have the option to pay for services and tickets online via our web portal, and we rely on encryption and authentication technology to ensure secure transmission of personal data, including credit card numbers, over the internet. While we utilize various computer systems, including our point of sale systems which are customized web-based systems, persons having the requisite technology or knowhow may break into the security system containing customer information transmitted in connection with our debit/credit card sales. The technology we employ to protect customer and transaction data could be ineffective and may contain 

27 

loopholes which can be exploited by third parties.  In addition, we incur substantial expense associated with our effort to prevent potential security breaches and relevant consequences, and these costs may increase in future periods. Even with proper security measures in place, there can be no guarantee that our security measures can prevent all security intrusions and we may be unsuccessful in or incur additional costs by implementing our remediation plan to address potential exposures. 

We also have agreements with banks and other companies that process personal data such as debit and credit card information in order to facilitate customer bookings of travel services and other services, such as e-catering. The online gateway for some of our sales may not always be secure and we may become liable for accepting fraudulent credit cards on our websites. We may also experience disputes with our customers in connection with payment. All of the above may negatively impact our brand's image, our results of operations and financial condition. 

The Indian Supreme Court, in a judgment delivered on August 24, 2017, held that the right to privacy is a fundamental right, following which, the Government set up a Committee of Experts under the chairpersonship of retired Justice B.N. Srikrishna (“ **Srikrishna Committee** ”) to examine issues around, and draft legislation on dataprotection in India. The Srikrishna Committee submitted its final report and a draft Personal Data Protection Bill, 2018 (“ **Data Protection Bill** ”) to the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology, Government of India on July 27, 2018. The Data Protection Bill proposes a legal framework governing the processing of personal data, where such data has been collected, disclosed, shared or otherwise processed within India, as well as any processing of personal data by the state, Indian companies, Indian citizens or any person or body of persons incorporated or created under Indian law. The Data Protection Bill defines personal data and sensitive personal data, prescribes rules for collecting, storing and processing of such data and creates rights and obligations of data-subjects and processors. Accordingly, maintenance and sharing of confidential data of our customers, including with banks or financial institutions with whom we offer co-branded cards, may be subject to additional scrutiny or may be deemed to be legally impermissible. Any adverse ruling by an authority on sharing of customer data may prevent us from capitalizing on customer data effectively and may prevent us from providing targeted delivery of our services, which may adversely impact our future prospects. 

**_9. We rely on awareness of our brand to build our customer base and grow our revenues. Any failure to maintain or enhance consumer awareness of our brand could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operation._** 

We believe our brand name “IRCTC” is crucial to our ability to grow our revenues and customer base. However, consumer acceptance of our products may be influenced by or subject to a variety of reasons. For example, adverse publicity associated with food preparation, hygiene and quality of service on trains or in stations may drive popular opinion against our catering or other services. In addition, adverse publicity resulted from litigation and regulation (including initiatives intended to influence consumer behavior) may also impact the value of our brands. 

Health awareness campaigns against products we offer in favor of foods that are perceived to be healthier may affect consumer perception of our products and impact the value of our brand. Perceptions may also be driven by activist campaigns against the fast food restaurant industry or industry in which we, our suppliers, licensees or other partners operate. If we are unsuccessful in addressing negative consumer perceptions, our brand image may suffer. There is no assurance that we will be able to successfully maintain or enhance consumer awareness of our brand. Even if we are able to continue our branding efforts, such efforts may not be cost effective. If we are unable to maintain or enhance consumer awareness of our brand and in turn generate demand for our products and services in different sectors which we operate, it could negatively affect our competitiveness or adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Negative publicity about food quality, illness, injury or other health concerns (including health implications such as obesity) or similar issues stemming from catering services on board the train or at stations could materially adversely affect us, regardless of whether the negative press pertains to catering services operated by our franchisees or by us departmentally or by the Zonal Railways. For instance, the Report of the CAG on Catering Services in Indian Railways (No. 13 of 2017) (“ **CAG Report 2017** ”) has highlighted several deficiencies in the quality of food and beverages available on trains and in railway stations, including highlighting issues relating to cleanliness and hygiene as well as overall quality of food available. While the CAG Report 2017 covers and audit period between 2013 to 2016 and covers catering services provided by Zonal Railways in addition to us there can be no assurance 

28 

that such instances will not occur in the future or that the transition of the catering services in terms of the Catering Policy 2017 will result in overcoming of all the deficiencies highlighted by the CAG. We cannot guarantee that our operational controls and employee training will be effective in preventing food-borne illnesses, food tampering and other food safety issues. Food-borne or local illness or food tampering incidents could be caused by guests, employees, food suppliers or distributors and, therefore, could be beyond our control. Any publicity relating to health concerns or the perceived or actual outbreaks of food-borne illnesses, food tampering or other food safety issues attributed to one or more of our business operations, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

**_10. We operate in highly competitive business sectors in the Indian market, and in case we are not able to compete effectively, there may be material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our business._** 

Our travel and tourism business segment is highly competitive in India. Factors affecting our competitiveness in this segment include, among other things, price, availability and breadth of choice of different services and products, brand recognition, customer service, ease of use, accessibility and reliability. For example, we compete with both established and emerging service and product providers in air ticketing, hospitality and tour package offerings. Some of our competitors have significantly greater financial, marketing, personnel and other resources than us and better brand recognition in the Indian market. As such, from time to time we may be required to reduce prices to effectively compete and to maintain our market share.  Further, some of our current suppliers, such as airliners and hotel chains, may decide to promote their own distribution channels and decrease association with travel platforms like ours. If our access to our suppliers is restricted or if we are unable to compete effectively with our competitors, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 

Our catering and packaged drinking water services face competition from unorganized traditional food and beverage vendors primarily comprising eateries, hawkers and street stalls, which may be able to offer food and beverages at cheaper prices as compared to us. The willingness of Indian consumers to patronize such unorganized traditional food and beverage vendors could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

**_11. We rely on telecommunications and information technology systems, networks and infrastructure to operate our business; any interruptions or breakdown in such systems, networks or infrastructure or our IT system may impair our ability to effectively provide our products and services, which in turn may harm our business._** 

We rely significantly on computer systems to facilitate and process transactions. To process and handle the large volume inflow on a daily basis, a new data center was set up by CRIS. However, we may still experience system interruptions from time to time that prevent some or all of these systems from operating at full capacity, thus preventing us from efficiently and effectively fulfilling bookings or providing services to our customers. As such, our business operations, the quality of our services and our ability to attract and retain customers depend on the efficient and uninterrupted operation, reliability, speed and availability of such systems, networks and infrastructure, both internal and external. Our websites, mobile sites, mobile applications and servers are vulnerable to telecommunications failures, downtime, computer viruses, hacking, defacement, physical or electronic break-ins and similar disruptions, which could lead to accessing difficulties, service interruptions, delays, loss of our database content, inability to accept and/or fulfill user requests or inaccurate data being processed or displayed. Any interruptions, outages or delays in our systems, or deterioration in performance, could impair our ability to process transactions and decrease the quality of our services to our customers and resulting in dissatisfaction among our customer base. If we were to experience frequent or persistent system failures, our reputation and brand image could be harmed. 

We may also in future experience misuse by third parties who use our websites to send spam emails to our members, which may result in our members unsubscribing from our services. Spam that can be traced to our server not only exposes us to liability but also poses the threat of our legitimate emails being blocked by anti-spam monitoring agencies and/or tools. 

29 

While backup systems and contingency plans are in place to prevent critical losses of data and to ensure the continuation of our operation or business processes, these backup systems and contingency plans may not be sufficient. Fires, floods, power outages, telecommunication failures, earthquakes, act of war or terrorism, act of God, computer viruses, corporate espionage and similar events or disruptions may nonetheless occur and damage, impact or interrupt our computer or communication systems, business processes. Remedial actions to address these interruptions or damages may be costly and our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to remedy the problem within covered costs. Further, these remedial actions may also be time consuming and can divert management's attention and other resources from other business operation matters. 

**_12. If we are not successful in managing our growth, our profitability may decrease and result in adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We anticipate rapid growth in our revenues in certain of our business segments in future periods, particular in our online railway ticketing segment as a result of the reinstatement of the services charges for tickets purchased online from our website www.irctc.co.in.  Our future growth may place significant demand on our management and operation and will require us to continuously evolve and to improve our financial, operational and other internal controls within our Company. In particular, business expansion may pose challenges in: 

- recruiting, training and retaining sufficient skilled management, technical and service personnel; 

- competing with existing companies in the travel and tourism sector we operate; 

- strengthening our existing relationship with the ministries of the government; 

- making accurate assessments of the resources we will require; 

- adhering to the standards of health, safety and environment, quality control, and process execution to meet customers’ expectations; 

- continuing to exercise effective quality control; 

- operating in business segments where we have limited experience; 

- preserving a uniform culture, values and work environment; 

- strengthening and ensuring compliance with legal and contractual obligations; 

- managing relationships with clients, suppliers, contractors, investors and service providers; and 

- supporting infrastructure such as IT and HR management systems. 

In line with our business strategy, we intend to continue leveraging on government policy, strengthening products and service offerings and implementing initiatives to improve operational efficiencies.  If we are not successful in managing our growth, our business may be disrupted and revenue margin may be reduced, which in turn may impact our business, prospect, financial condition and results of operations. 

As part of our operative goal to expand into different non-rail sectors, we face increased risks when we enter new markets in India. For example, we faced strong competition in tourism and hospitality. We may need to build or increase brand awareness in the relevant markets by increasing investments in advertising and promotional activities than we originally planned. We may find it more difficult to hire, train and retain qualified employees in business sectors which we are not familiar with.  As a result, products we introduce in new markets may be more expensive to produce and/or to distribute, and may take longer to reach expected sales and profit levels than in our existing markets, which could affect the viability of these operations and our overall profitability. 

Our business growth could strain our managerial, operational and financial resources. Our ability to manage future growth will depend on our ability to continue to implement and improve operational, financial and management information systems on a timely basis within the confine and policy goals set forth by the Ministry of Railways. We cannot assure you that our personnel, systems, procedures and internal controls will be adequate to support our future growth. Further, we cannot assure you that our investment will be profitable, as policy change from the Government of India may restrict our ability to recoup our investment. Failure to effectively manage our expansion may lead to increased costs and reduced profitability and may adversely affect our current business and growth prospect. 

**_13. Change in haulage charge principles by Ministry of Railways on the trains we operate could adversely affect our business, financial condition and result of operations._** 

30 

Under haulage concept, Indian Railways take fixed charges for hauling the rake of the train from one destination to another. The charges are calculated and informed by the Indian Railways to our Company. Any revision of haulage charge principles by Ministry of Railways for the trains we operate under haulage will have significant impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_14. We may be unable to implement the directives under the Catering Policy 2017 in a timely manner or at all, which in turn may subject us to penalties and may in turn adversely impact our profitability, results of operations and goodwill_** 

The Catering Policy 2017 has been formulated with a view to provide quality food to passengers of Indian Railways and to modify the management of catering services in trains and at stations to implement social objectives of the Government of India, including encouraging fair competition in allotment of catering units over stations. A total of 159 observations made by commercial inspectors during 2013 through 2016 are relating to issues of hygiene, tariff, cooking and kitchen and quantity of food production and service in Indian Railway. While our Company has been charged with the mandate to unbundle catering services by creating a distinction between food preparation and food distribution, the timelines for certain matters under the Catering Policy 2017 are not clearly defined and are currently under discussions. Any failure on part of our Company to adhere to the mandate of the Catering Policy 2017 may result in imposition of penalties by the Government or the Indian Railways, including for delays in setting up of base kitchens and failure by third party contractors to maintain food quality. 

The responsibility for preparing blue prints for catering units at each station are required to be drawn up by our Company in coordination with Zonal Railways. The CAG Report 2017 observed that under the previous Catering Policy, certain Zonal Railways had failed to prepare or update the blue prints required leading to improper assessment of catering requirements at stations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to formulate or implement the necessary blue prints for catering requirements of each station in terms of the Catering Policy 2017, in a timely manner or at all. 

We may be required to invest significant amounts of capital to modernize, upgrade or refurbish existing kitchens which are transferred to us as part of the Catering Policy 2017. Capital for such investments may not be available on commercially acceptable terms or at all. Further, as part of the Catering Policy 2017, we would be required to create base kitchens at multiple locations (including for Category A and A1 stations). As many as 115 base kitchens are located outside railway premises which are not in accordance with the erstwhile Catering Policy, which in turn would require us to invest capital to ensure relocation within railway premises. 

**_15. If we are unable to manage and run our back end operations efficiently, our business and results of operations would be adversely affected_** 

Under Catering Policy 2017, some of our food items and consumables used in our railway catering services are to be prepared at our own base kitchens at or near various train stations. Once the food items and consumables are prepared, our staff member or service provider co-ordinates the delivery to the respective stations or catering units on board the train in containers repackaged for railway catering service to travelers. This requires a significant logistical effort and quality control mechanism. A failure in our operational and delivery systems, shortages or interruption in the supply of food by our suppliers (either due to weather or other conditions) would impact passengers  experiences using our catering service on board Indian Railways' trains and in turn affect our results of operations and future prospect. Deliveries from these base kitchens may also be affected by reasons beyond our controls, for example, food contamination, strikes by laborers, transporters, loaders or train stations. 

In addition, any unavailability or breakdown of our equipment could lead to an interruption in the food supply to our catering service and reduce the volume of our sales, and in turn materially adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_16. Performance of licensees may impact our results of operations and brand image._** 

From time to time, we enter into contracts for various services to be performed by third party service providers in business segments which we operate, for example, all our raw ingredients used in catering services are sourced by 

31 

winning suppliers. When we tender contracts to third party, payments may depend on the performance of that third party supplier or service provider. Issues on the part of a principal licensee or sub-licensee could result in delayed or reduced payments to us. Further, when we call for tender from the interested parties, we may be liable to the passengers due to failure on the part of the person to whom we licensed to maintain the required performance standards,  For instance, under Catering Policy 2017, while we are able to tender licenses for certain provisional catering services to private licensees, we will continue to be fully accountable to Indian Railways for all issues pertaining to setting up and operation of the base kitchens as well as the quality of food.  Licensees' failure to perform all services in accordance with the work scope, or our inability to contract with qualified service provider and supplier may materially and adversely impact our results of operations and brand image. 

# **_17. Changes in consumer tastes and purchasing habits could negatively impact our business, prospect and results of operations._** 

A significant portion of our revenue derived from the sale of food that is characterized as North Indian, Punjabi, or South Indian. If consumer preferences for these types of food change, such change could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. For example, the food segment is characterized by the frequent introduction of new products, often accompanied by substantial promotional campaigns.  Our success depends on our ability to anticipate and respond to changing consumer preferences, tastes and dining and purchasing habits, as well as other factors affecting the restaurant industry in general, including new market entrants and demographic changes. We may find it necessary to make changes to our menu items in order to respond to changes in consumer tastes or dining patterns, and we may lose guests who do not prefer the new menu items. If we fail to develop and successfully introduce new menu offerings that appeal to changing consumer preferences, or if we fail to capitalize on market demand in a timely fashion, our results of operations could suffer. Any significant event that adversely affects consumption of our products, such as cost of raw material, changing tastes or health concerns, could also negatively impact our business, prospect, financial condition. 

In addition, the growth of the Indian economy has led to changes in the way businesses operate in India, while population growth and urbanization continue to drive consumer demand for better quality in service industry. As consumers continue to seek better quality and economic solutions, we are required to focus on the development of better service handling processes as well as maintaining good quality product while cutting back costs. If we are unable to provide consumers with their preferred services efficiently and effectively or if we fail to anticipate and respond to consumers' needs accordingly, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. 

# **_18. We have no ability to pass on any increase in raw ingredient costs due to price regulation by Indian Railways; we do not hedge our risk against market fluctuations in commodities market._** 

Changes in cost or availability of certain food products could affect our ability to offer a broad menu and maintain competitive prices and materially and adversely affect our profitability. The type, variety, quality and cost of produce, poultry, cheese and other commodities can also subject to change due to factors beyond our control, including weather, government regulation, availability and seasonality of raw materials, each of which may affect our raw material costs or cause a disruption in our supply. For instance, water is one of the primary raw materials used in the production of Rail Neer and our catering business; hence our business operations in those segments is dependent on our ability to procure sufficient amounts of quality water at commercially viable price. Water is a limited resource in India, facing significant challenges from over-exploitation, increasing demand, pollution and poor management. Further, water supply can also be significantly influenced by changing environmental conditions which lead to drying water resources and receding ground water levels. Water scarcity and deterioration in the quality of available water sources in India, specifically, within our supply chain, even if temporary, may result in increased production costs or capacity constraints, which could adversely affect our ability to produce, sell and distribute our products and increase our costs. 

Our profitability and operating margins are dependent in part on our ability to anticipate and react to changes in raw material costs. The price of these raw materials is subject to price fluctuation due to various factors beyond our control, such as severe climatic conditions, outbreak of infectious diseases and other changes in the business segments which we operate, including change in government regulations. Given the fact that Indian Railways regulates the pricing of services and products offered by us, we have no control on pricing and are unable to pass on 

32 

the increased raw material costs to our customers, specifically on departmental catering and packaged drinking water segments. All of the above may reduce supply and drive up the costs, especially for those contracts that contain escalation clause. 

Our raw material distributors or suppliers may also be affected by higher costs to produce and transport commodities used in our catering business, including higher minimum wage and benefit costs and other expenses that they pass through to their customers, which could result in higher costs for goods and services supplied to us. Although we utilize purchasing contracts to lock in prices for a material portion of the food commodities used in our catering services, some of the commodities used in our operations cannot be guaranteed for a period longer than one month. Additionally, we have seen decline in quality of ingredient supplied by our suppliers when commodity price hikes. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have contracts of varying length with several of our distributors and suppliers, including our distributors and suppliers of poultry. We do not use financial instruments to hedge our risk against market fluctuations in the price of commodities at this time. We may not be able to anticipate and react to changing raw material costs through our procurement process and menu price adjustments, and failure to address these variables could negatively impact our business and results of operations. 

**_19. We use PET bottles and other plastic items for our packaged drinking water, which is subject to various regulatory requirements and increasing public scrutiny._** 

The principal packaging materials used by us for packaged drinking water include preforms for PET bottles, shrinkwrap films, plastic closures and labels.  Environmentalists have long discouraged the use of plastic products as plastic is not biodegradable and is considered environmentally unfriendly. Moreover, governmental bodies have introduced policies to discourage the use of plastic products. For instance, (i) several cities in the United States have banned or limited the use of plastic straws in restaurants or prohibits stores from handing out plastic shopping bags for free; (ii) the European Union is pushing for many single-use plastic products, including straws, to be barred by 2030; (iii) the PRC government had published a notice to limit the production and usage of plastic shopping bags; and (iv) certain world’s famous consumer brands have agreed to reduce their use of plastic packaging. 

In India, Indian Railways has been instructed to take steps to minimise generation of plastic waste and ensure its environmentally friendly disposal. The Ministry of Railways, Government of India vide its letter dated August 19, 2019 have directed us to implement return of plastic drinking water bottles as part of an effort to increase responsibility on the part of companies that produce such bottles. Also, Maharashtra Pollution Control Board directed our West Zone to create a separate fund for discharging our liability by crediting an amount of 15 paisa per bottle introduced or sold by us directly or through our distributor/wholesalers/retailers or partners. In the event of an inability on our part to implement abovementioned directives may materially and adversely affect our Rail Neer business and impact our results of operations. In addition, in case stricter environmental protection policies are enacted or market trends emerge to phase out the use of plastics, particularly in relation to plastic bottles, our business and financial performances could be adversely affected. 

**_20. Strikes, work stoppages or increased benefit or wage demands by our employees or employees of our contractors could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

We operate in a labor intensive industry and hire contract labor to provide certain services in the business segments in which we operate. Labor cost is a primary component in our operating costs. In fiscal years 2017, 2018 and 2019, our employees’ benefits represented 10.22%, 12.24% and 9.97% of our income. If we or our contractors face increased labor costs because of competition for skilled employees, higher employee turnover rates, increase in minimum wages or employee benefits under applicable laws, our growth could be adversely affected. If we or our contractors are unable to successfully negotiate with our employees or if there is any shortage or disruption in the availability of labor, it could result in work stoppages or increased operating costs. Our supply of labor may be adversely affected by, among other things, work stoppages and labor disputes. Such events may also increase the price of labor that we or our contractors can source for our business operations, or in the case of our contractors, for performing in accordance with the limited tender. India has stringent labor legislation that protects the interests of workers, including legislation that sets forth detailed procedures for establishment of unions, dispute resolution and employee removal and legislation that imposes certain financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment. Although there is no labor union formed by our employees at the time of this Red Herring Prospectus, we cannot assure you that our employees will not unionize, or attempt to unionize in the future. Further, there can be no 

33 

assurance that we will have adequate access to skilled workforce at reasonable rate and in the industry in which we operate. As a result, we may be required to incur additional costs to ensure the quality and timeliness of our services, which may in turn affect our results of operations. 

**_21. Our insurance coverage may not adequately protect us against all losses. Failure to insure against potential risks and liabilities may material adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition._** 

We have insured against a majority of the risks associated with our business, such as equipment failure, work accidents, fire or explosion, burglary, special contingencies, money transit, group life term insurance for employees, commercial general liability and product liability. In addition, we have obtained separate insurance coverage for personnel related risks, motor vehicles and loss of movable assets risks, such as the special contingency policy covering our trains. Our Company’s insurance cover as on March 31, 2019 was approximately ₹ 1,300.00 million in respect of its net block of property, plant and equipment which stood at ₹ 1,470.51 million, inclusive of land aggregating to ₹ 248.06 million as of March 31, 2019. Consequently, our Company’s insurance cover as a percentage of its net block of property, plant and equipment as of March 31, 2019 was approximately 100%. While we believe that the insurance coverage we maintain would reasonably be adequate to cover all ordinary risks associated with our business operations, there can be no assurance that any claim under our insurance policies will be honored fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all material losses. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage resulting from not obtaining or maintaining insurance or exceeding our insurance coverage, the loss would have to be borne by us and it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

If certain operation or service is considered safe by us and is subsequently not insured, any unforeseen or unprecedented act or event resulting in a loss will affect our financial condition and results of operations. To the extent that uninsured, unforeseen or unprecedented risks materialize, we would be materially and adversely affected. 

**_22. If we are unable to maintain existing, and establish new arrangements with our travel suppliers, our business may be adversely affected._** 

Our business is dependent on our ability to maintain our relationships and arrangements with existing suppliers, such as Indian Railways, cruise agents which supply cruise packages, and the airlines which supply air tickets to us directly. A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from fees and commissions negotiated with travel suppliers for bookings made through our websites or via our other distribution channels. Adverse changes in existing arrangements, including an inability by any travel supplier to fulfill their obligation to us in a timely manner, increasing industry consolidation or our inability to enter into new arrangements with these parties on favorable terms or at all, could reduce the amount, quality, pricing and breadth of the travel services and products that we are able to offer, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

No assurance can be given that our agreements or arrangements with our travel suppliers or GDS service providers will continue or that our travel suppliers or GDS service providers will not reduce or eliminate fees or commissions or attempt to charge us for content, terminate our contracts and seek to recover signing bonuses or default on or dispute their payment obligations towards us, any of which could reduce our revenue and net revenue margins or may require us to initiate legal or arbitral proceedings to enforce relevant contractual payment obligations, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations, and deviate the attention of our management team. 

**_23. Infrastructure required to increase internet penetration in India may not be upgraded to support the fast growing Indian economy, which may limit our growth._** 

A significant portion of our ticketing and reservation is done through the internet.  According to CRISIL Industry Report, India has witnessed a significant surge in internet usage over the past few years, with internet penetration as a percentage of total population increasing to 49.9% during Fiscal 2019.  There can be no assurance that such growth will continue, and we cannot be certain that government's upgrading efforts for infrastructure throughout India will continue or be successful. As such, any slowdown of these upgrading efforts by the government may cause internet penetration rate to stall or decline in India, which may require us to make additional investments to explore alternative distribution channels and may have material adverse effect on our business. 

34 

In order to successfully process out customers’ order for tickets, the information technology systems that we use must be able to process customer orders in an efficient manner, even during times of peak use.  If our systems are unable to process customer orders, customers could experience delays or be unable to purchase tickets at the times they place their orders, which could cause them to find alternative forms of transportation, seek other providers or otherwise decrease the business they conduct with our Company. Further, to successfully process a ticket purchase transaction requires not just our servers and information technology systems to function effectively, but also requires the systems of the banks and other financial institutions through which we process our payments to operate efficiently and effectively.  We have no control over the technology to our banks and other financial institutions use to process the transactions of our customers, and if these systems cannot process the volume of transactions submitted by our customers, it could cause their ticket purchases to fail, which could impact our business and reputation for customer service and adversely affect our results of operations. 

**_24. Our travel and tourism and packaged water segments experience seasonal fluctuations due to periodic local and national elections, weather changes as well as holidays; as such, quarterly financial data comparisons may not be meaningful._** 

We operate in business sectors that are susceptible to seasonal changes resulting from holidays, weather changes and special events, particularly in the travel and tourism and internet ticketing sectors. For example, we tend to experience higher revenue from our ticket sales when there are state and central government elections where we are authorized to cater for the election special trains and when we collaborate with various state governments in offering state special trains to local residents. In our packaged water segment, demand increases significantly during summer as temperatures rise. As a result, some or most of the financial data comparison on a quarterly basis may be inaccurate and less reflective of our actual business operations due to the occurrence of these special events in some, but not all of the financial periods. 

**_25. Indian food service industry and package water industry have both historically been fragmented and unorganized, lacking sufficient reliable industry data. As such, any attempt to analyze the relevant data on catering and packaged drinking water market competition and industry trend may be incomplete or unreliable._** 

Both catering and packaged drinking water industry lack standard centralized controls in India. Moreover, both industries are known for their fragmentation and lack of organization, comprising local roadside sellers and eateries as well as unlicensed water spots/factories across the country. Therefore, industry data for these industries may not exist, be reliable or reflect the current industry trends and financial information, and may be incomplete. 

**_26. As of March 31, 2019, contingent liabilities appearing in our financial statements aggregated to ₹1,667.92 million. Should these contingent liabilities materialize, our financial condition and results of operations will be materially and adversely affected._** 

As of March 31, 2019, we had contingent liabilities of ₹1,667.92 million, which primarily relate to service tax, VAT and other taxes. For further details of certain matters which comprise our contingent liabilities, see " _Financial Statements_ " on page 187. If any or all of these contingent liabilities materialize, our cash flows, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

**_27. We are dependent on a number of our key managerial personnel and other senior management, and the loss of or our inability to retain such persons could adversely affect our cash flows, business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our performance depends largely on the efforts and abilities of our key managerial personnel and other senior management, including our present officers. The input and experience of our key managerial personnel and other senior management are invaluable for the development of our business and the operations and the strategic directions taken by us. We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain these key managerial personnel and other senior management or find adequate replacements in timely manner, or at all, should they chose to discontinue their employment with us. We may need a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when key managerial personnel and other senior management terminate their employment with us. We believe that 

35 

competition for qualified managerial personnel with relevant expertise in India is intense due to scarcity of qualified individuals in the industry in which we operate. The retirement or resignation of any of our key managerial personnel may materially and adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. In Fiscal 2017, 2018 and 2019, the attrition rates were 0.42%, 0.99% and 0.43%, respectively. 

In addition, we cannot assure you that our relations with our employees shall remain cordial at all times and that employees will not undertake or participate in strikes, work stoppages or other industrial actions in the future. Any labor disruptions may affect our operations, thereby adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_28. Our Registered Office, Regional Offices and Zonal Offices and some of our Rail Neer plants are situated on land that we do not own; in the event that we are unable to continue operating from such premises, our business, financial condition and results of our operations may be adversely affected._** 

We do not own the land/properties on which our Registered Office, Regional Offices and Zonal Offices are located. Further, some of our regional offices, Rail Neer plants, base kitchens are situated and are taken on a long – term/short term leasehold basis from third party. We operate ten Rail Neer plants located at Nangloi, Danapur, Palur, Ambernath, Amethi, Parassala, Bilaspur, Hapur, Ahmedabad and Bhopal, out of which five (5) Rail Neer plants located at Bilaspur, Amethi, Ahmedabad, Hapur and Bhopal are on long term lease from third parties. 

There can be no assurance that these agreements will be renewed upon expiry or on terms and conditions acceptable to us. Any failure to renew these agreements or procure new premises will increase our costs or may force us to look out for alternative premises which may not be available or which may be available at more expensive prices. Any event that causes a disruption of the operation of these facilities might impact our ability to provide our services and therefore could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_29. We have only recently introduced some of our businesses or services; it may be hard to predict and evaluate their performance and future prospects_** 

We have recently introduced or are in the process of introducing various new products and services. For instance, we are in process of introducing IRCTC iMudra, i-Pay and developing the payment services they offer.  In addition, we have no prior experience in operating trains. In addition, our catering services have now expanded beyond railway catering at railway stations and on trains and into food courts and through other channels, especially given the Catering Policy 2017, which explicitly mandated us to take over operations of food plaza, food court and fast food units. Given the limited operating history of these new business ventures, we may not experience the same margins or operating results in these new business that we have in our more established businesses.  In addition, the evaluation and expectation for these investments may significantly deviate from the actual results. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to adapt our product portfolio to changes in or shifts in consumer preferences and tastes. We may not be able to introduce new products that are in faster-growing and more profitable categories or reduce our production of products in categories experiencing consumption declines. Additionally, trends and shifts in consumer preferences and tastes may apply downward pressure on sales and pricing or lead to increased levels of sales and promotional expenses. Any number of these factors individually, or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_30. We may not maintain our historical level of dividends in the future._** 

We have declared and paid dividend in the previous financial years. For details, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” beginning on page 186. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on number of factors, including our profit after tax for the fiscal year, our capital requirements, our financial condition, our cash flows and applicable taxes, including dividend distribution taxes way pay. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and subsequent approval of shareholders and will depend on factors that our Board and shareholders deem relevant. We may decide to retain all our earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business and, therefore, may not declare dividends on our Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. 

36 

In accordance with the CPSE Capital Restructuring Guidelines issued in May 27, 2016, our Company is required to pay a minimum annual dividend of 30% of its PAT or 5% of its net worth, whichever is higher, subject to the maximum dividend permitted under the extant legal provisions and the conditions mentioned in the aforesaid CPSE Capital Restructuring Guidelines, unless an exemption is provided in accordance with the guidelines. For further details relating to our dividend policy which is governed by CPSE Capital Restructuring Guidelines, please see the section entitled “ _Our Dividend Policy_ ” on page 186. 

**_31. If we fail to obtain, renew or maintain our statutory and regulatory permits and approvals in a timely manner or at all, we may be unable to fully or partially operate our businesses and our results of operations may be adversely affected_** _._ 

We are required to obtain and maintain certain licenses, approvals, permits and registrations in order to undertake our business activities. For further details in connection with the regulatory and legal framework within which we operate, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 146. 

Our Company has its Registered Office in New Delhi and regional offices across India. We are required to apply for and obtain licenses and approvals in the ordinary course of our business. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we are in the process of renewing the licenses which have expired. For details, please see “ _Government and other Approvals_ ” on page 276. There can be no assurance that we will continue to be able to maintain all approvals required for our operations. Additionally, our failure to comply with the terms and conditions to which such licenses, approvals, permits or registrations are subject, or to renew, obtain or maintain the required licenses, approvals, permits or registrations, may result in an interruption of our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_32. Provisions relating to the formulation of policies governing our appointment and remuneration of Directors and appointment of our statutory auditors (as prescribed under with the SEBI Listing Regulations) are not included in the terms of reference of our Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Audit Committee._** 

In accordance with the MCA notification dated June 5, 2015, the DPE Guidelines on Corporate Governance for Central Public Sector Enterprises and pursuant to our Article of Associations, matters pertaining to, among others, appointment, remuneration and performance evaluation of our Directors are determined by the President of India through the Ministry of Railways. Further, our Statutory Auditors are appointed by the Comptroller and Auditor General of India. Accordingly, in so far as the above-mentioned matters are concerned, the terms of reference of our Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Audit Committee only allow these committees to take on record the actions of the President of India or the Comptroller and Auditor General of India, as the case may be. In the absence of any specific dispensation granted by SEBI with regard to the terms of reference of our Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Audit Committee, there can be no assurance that we will be in compliance with the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations in this regard. 

**_33. Non-compliance with, and changes in, safety, health and environmental laws and regulations may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We operate in industries that are subject to extensive Indian national and state environmental laws and regulations which govern the discharge, emission, storage, handling and disposal of a variety of substances that may be used in or result from the operations of our businesses, including health and hygiene requirements in disposing food wastes. These laws and regulations include the Environmental Protection Act 1986, the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 and other regulations promulgated by the Ministry of Environment and the Pollution Control Boards of the relevant states. For further details, see the section “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 146. We believe environmental regulation of industrial activities in India will become more stringent in the future as India's economy grows. The scope and extent of new environmental regulations, including their effect on our operations, cannot be predicted with certainty. The costs and management time required to comply with these requirements could be significant. The measures we implement in order to comply with these new laws and regulations may not be deemed sufficient by Government entities and our compliance costs may significantly exceed our estimates. All these variables may negatively impact our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

37 

If we fail to meet environmental requirements, we may also be subject to administrative, civil and criminal proceedings by Government entities, as well as civil proceedings by environmental groups and other individuals, which could result in substantial fines and penalties against us as well as revocation of approvals, permits and orders that could limit or halt our operations. While as of August 31, 2019, we are not subject to any environmental legal proceedings, we may be impleaded in such legal proceedings in the course of our business in the future. There can be no assurance that we will not become involved in future litigation or other proceedings or be held responsible in any such future litigation or proceedings relating to safety, health, public hygiene and environmental matters in the future, which could divert management time and attention, and consume financial resources in defence or pursue of such legal proceedings or cause delay in the commencement of operation of our projects. No assurance can be given that we will be successful in all, or any, of such proceedings. Further, clean-up and remediation costs, as well as damages, other liabilities and related litigation, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_34. We have applied for renewal of certain trademark under the Trade Marks Act, 1999._** 

We have filed applications for renewal of trademark “Rail Neer”, “Rail Nir” and “Rail Neir” on February 17 2012 under class 32  of the Trade Marks Act, 1999 (the “ **Trademarks Act** ”), which is currently pending before the Registrar of Trademarks, New Delhi. For more details on these trademarks kindly see the chapter “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” beginning on page 276. We cannot assure that our application for renewal will be granted, in a timely manner or at all. Further, there can be no assurance that third parties will not infringe upon our intellectual property, causing damage to our business prospects, reputation and goodwill. Our efforts to protect our intellectual property may not be adequate and may lead to erosion of our business value and our operations could be adversely affected. We may need to litigate in order to determine the validity of such claims and the scope of the proprietary rights of others. Any such litigation could be time consuming and costly and the outcome cannot be guaranteed. We may not be able to detect any unauthorized use or take appropriate and timely steps to enforce or protect its intellectual property. 

**_35. The determination of the Price Band is subject to various factors and assumptions and the Offer Price may not be indicative of the trading price of the Equity Shares, upon listing on the Stock Exchanges subsequent to the Offer. Further, the current trading price of equity shares listed pursuant to certain past issues handled by the BRLMs is below their respective issue price._** 

The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and was determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholder in consultation with the BRLMs. Further, the Offer Price of the Equity Shares was determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholder in consultation with the BRLMs through the Book Building Process. This price is based on certain factors, as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 78 and may not be indicative of the trading price of the Equity Shares, upon listing on the Stock Exchanges subsequent to the Offer. The trading price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure that you will be able to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. In addition to the above, the current trading price of equity shares listed pursuant to certain past issues handled by the BRLMs is below their respective issue price. For further details regarding the track record of the public issues handled by the BRLMs, please see the section “ _Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Price information of past issues handled by the BRLMs_ ”. 

# **_36. This Red Herring Prospectus contains information from CRISIL Industry Report._** 

This Red Herring Prospectus in the sections “ _Industry Overview_ ”, “ _Our Business_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on pages 87, 126, and 239, respectively, includes information that is derived from CRISIL Industry Report. This report is commissioned for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the Indian catering service, hospitality service, tourism, internet ticketing service and packaged drinking water service industries. Neither we, nor any of the BRLMs, our Directors, nor any other person connected with the Offer has verified the information in the commissioned report. CRISIL has advised that while it has taken due care and caution in preparing the commissioned report, which is based on information obtained from sources that it considers reliable, it does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the such information and disclaims responsibility for any errors or omissions in the information or for the results obtained from the use of such information. The commissioned report also highlights certain industry and market data, which may be subject 

38 

to assumptions. Methodologies and assumptions vary widely among different industry sources. Further, such assumptions may change based on various factors. We cannot assure you that CRISIL's assumptions are correct or will not change and, accordingly, our position in the market may differ from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, the commissioned report is not a recommendation to invest or disinvest in the Equity Shares. Prospective investors are advised not to unduly rely on the commissioned report or extracts thereof as included in this Red Herring Prospectus, when making their investment decisions. 

# **External Risk Factors** 

# **_37. We will not receive any proceeds from the offer for sale by the Selling Shareholder._** 

The Offer consists of an offer for sale by the Selling Shareholder. The net proceeds of the Offer will be respectively transferred to the Selling Shareholder and will not result in any creation of value for us in respect of your investment in us. For further details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 75. 

# **_38. Our Company will continue to be controlled by the GoI following this Offer._** 

After the completion of the Offer, the GoI will hold majority of the paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. Consequently, the GoI acting through the Ministry of Railways will continue to control us and will have the power to elect and remove the Directors and therefore determine the outcome of most proposals for corporate action requiring approval of the Board or the shareholders, including with respect to the payment of dividends, preparation of budgets, capital expenditure, and transactions with other public sector companies. We will continue to be a public sector undertaking under the Companies Act, and the GoI may issue directives with respect to the conduct of our business or its affairs or change in control or impose other restrictions in terms of our Articles of Association. For further information on the Articles of Association, see “ _Description of Equity Shares and Terms of the Articles of Association_ ” on page 326. 

**_39. If there is any change in tax laws or regulations, or their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect our financial statements for the current and future years, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial position, business, and results of operations._** 

Any change in tax laws, including for indirect taxes, may result in us no longer being able to enjoy the existing exemptions / benefits, available to us, which could adversely impact our profitability. If there is an upward revision to the currently applicable special corporate tax rates, our tax burden will increase. Other benefits such as inapplicability of minimum alternate tax rates, as applicable to other corporates, exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds. 

The Government has announced the interim union budget for the Financial Year 2020. Further, the Finance Act, 2019 (the “ **Finance Act** ”) has made various amendments. Further, the Government has also announced the union budget for Financial Year 2020, pursuant to which the Finance (No.2) Bill, 2019 proposes to introduce the various amendments. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance (No. 2) Bill, 2019 may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. 

We cannot predict whether any tax laws or regulations impacting loans or financial products will be enacted, the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_40. Recent global economic conditions have been unprecedented and challenging and continue to affect the Indian market, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located in other countries, including India. Negative economic developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficits, or a default on national debt, in other emerging market countries 

39 

may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. 

There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. India’s economic growth is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports, global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates and annual rainfall. Any persisted or future slowdown in the Indian economy or a further increase in inflation could have a material adverse effect on the price of our raw materials and demand for our products and, as a result, on our business and financial results. 

The global credit and equity markets have experienced substantial dislocations, liquidity disruptions and market corrections. In Europe, the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union, and any prolonged period of uncertainty which results, could have a significant negative impact on international markets. These could include further falls in stock exchange indices and/or greater volatility of markets in general due to the increased uncertainty. These and other related events could have a significant impact on the global credit and financial markets as a whole, and could result in reduced liquidity, greater volatility, widening of credit spreads and a lack of price transparency in the global credit and financial markets. 

There are also concerns that a tightening of monetary policy in emerging markets and some developed markets will lead to a moderation in global growth. In particular, as China is one of India’s major trading partners, there are raising concerns regarding the United States limiting trade and/or imposing a tariff on imports from China and of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy. Such factors might also result in a slowdown in India’s export growth momentum and could materially and adversely affect our operating results and financial performance. 

In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, have implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term impact of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have had the intended stabilizing effects. Any significant financial disruption in the future could have a material adverse effect on our cost of funding, loan portfolio, business, future financial performance and the trading price of the Equity Shares. Adverse economic developments overseas in countries where we have operations could have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_41. Our business and activities is regulated by the Competition Act; any adverse application or interpretation of the Competition Act could in turn adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act was enacted for the purpose of preventing practices that have or are likely to have an adverse effect on competition in India and has mandated the Competition Commission of India ("CCI") to supervise such practices. Under the Competition Act, any arrangement, understanding or action, whether formal or informal, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition is void and attracts substantial penalties. 

Further, any agreement among competitors which, directly or indirectly, involves determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, or shares the market by way of geographical area or number of subscribers in the relevant market is presumed to have an appreciable adverse effect in the relevant market in India and shall be void. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. On March 4, 2011, the Central Government of India notified and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to, and pre-approved by, the CCI. Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued the Competition Commission of India (Procedure for Transaction of Business Relating to Combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. The Competition Act aims to, among other things, prohibit all agreements and transactions which may have an appreciable adverse effect in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside of India, if such agreement, conduct or combination is considered to have an appreciable adverse effect in India. 

40 

If we are affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI or if any prohibition or substantial penalties are levied under the Competition Act, it would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospect. 

**_42. An outbreak of an infectious disease or any other serious public health concerns in Asia or elsewhere could adversely affect our business._** 

The outbreak of an infectious disease in Asia or elsewhere or any other serious public health concern, such as swine influenza, could have a negative impact on the global economy, financial markets and business activities worldwide, which could in turn adversely affect our business. Although, we have not been adversely affected by such outbreaks in the past, we can give no assurance that a future outbreak of an infectious disease or any other serious public health concern will not have a material adverse effect on our business. 

For example, avian influenza is a highly contagious viral disease that affects poultry. Bird flu is another contagious disease that has affected poultry in the recent past. Our markets have been affected by both these diseases. 

Despite precautionary measures we took to monitor our suppliers of food ingredients, there can be no guarantee that our supplies will not be affected in the future in case of an outbreak of any such contagious disease. If any of our suppliers are affected, or a wide spread of disease have affected the Indian market, we may not be able to locate supplier in time through limited tender process or at all. We may be constrained to replace these affected items at a higher price without being able to pass on the costs to our customers. 

An outbreak of a disease, whether directly impact our supply or not, may attract negative publicity resulting in declining demand. As a result of these and other factors, any outbreak of disease, or the possibility of an outbreak of disease could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_43. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war involving India, the United States or other countries could adversely affect the financial markets, result in loss of client confidence, and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Any major hostilities involving India or other act of violence, including terrorist attack, civil unrest or similar events that are beyond our control, could have a material adverse effect on the Indian economy and our business. Such acts could negatively impact business sentiment, market condition as well as trade between countries, which in turn could materially and adversely impact our profitability, the price of our ordinary shares and operation. 

In addition, India, the United States and other countries may also enter into armed conflict with other countries or continue pre-existing hostilities. South East Asia has, from time to time, experienced instances of civil unrest and hostilities among neighboring countries, including military confrontations between India and Pakistan have occurred along the India/Pakistan border. Military activity or terrorist attacks could, for example, disrupt communication and travel. These events could also led to a perception that investments in India carries a higher risk, which, can in turn negatively impact potential investors' confidence in India and have a material adverse effect on the market for securities of Indian companies, including the Equity Shares. If India were to become engaged in armed hostilities, we might not be able to continue our operations and, while we maintain insurance for losses arising from terrorist activities, our insurance policies may not sufficiently cover business interruptions from terrorist attacks or for other reasons. 

**_44. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of corporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects._** 

Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by unfavorable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations applicable to us and our business, including those relating to the Internet and e-commerce, consumer protection and privacy. Such unfavorable changes could decrease demand for our services and products, increase costs and/or subject us to additional liabilities. For example, there may continue to be an increasing number of laws and regulations being legislated pertaining to the Internet and e- 

41 

commerce, which may relate to liability for information retrieved from or transmitted over the Internet or mobile networks, user privacy, content restrictions, taxation and the quality of services and products sold or provided through the Internet. Furthermore, the growth and development of e-commerce may result in more stringent consumer protection laws that may impose additional burdens on online businesses generally. 

The application of various Indian and international sales, use, occupancy, value-added and other tax laws, rules and regulations to our services and products is subject to interpretation by the applicable taxing authorities. Many of the statutes and regulations that impose these taxes were established before the growth of the Internet, mobile networks and e-commerce. If such tax laws, rules and regulations are amended, new adverse laws, rules or regulations are adopted or current laws are interpreted adversely to our interests, particularly with respect to occupancy or valueadded or other taxes, the results could increase our tax payments (prospectively or retrospectively) and/or subject us to penalties and, even if we are able to pass on such costs to our customers, such action would decrease the demand for our services and products. As a result, any such changes could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operation. Further, the uncertainly in relation to change of laws, rules and regulations may lead to unpredictability and negatively impact our ability to manage our business prospects. 

For example, in India, as of July 1, 2017, GST replaced taxes levied by central and state governments with a unified tax regime in respect of certain goods and services for the whole of India. However, given the recent introduction of the GST in India, there is no well-established practice regarding the implementation of, and compliance with, GST. Further, as GST is implemented, we cannot assure you that we will not be required to comply with additional procedures or obtain additional approvals and licenses from the government and other regulatory bodies or that they will not impose onerous requirements and conditions on our operations. As the taxation system in India will see significant changes as a result of GST, its consequent effects cannot be determined at present and we cannot assure you that such effects will not have a material adverse effect our business, future financial performance and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

The application of GST and other applicable laws, rules and regulations to our business now or in the future, may be subject to interpretation by relevant authorities, and, if amended or notified, could result in increased tax payments to us (prospectively or retrospectively), which could affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Further, there is a risk that the Indian Income Tax Department may assess our tax liability to be materially different from the provision that we have carried in our books for the past periods. 

Separately, unfavorable changes in existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and/or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in applicability or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, law, regulation or policy, including due to an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming and costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

# **_45. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as IFRS and U.S. GAAP, which may be material to investors’ assessment of our financial condition._** 

The financial statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus have been prepared in accordance with Ind AS, as applicable, in the relevant period of reporting. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of U.S. GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of U.S. GAAP or IFRS. U.S. GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the Ind AS financial statements, which are restated as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations included in this Red Herring Prospectus, will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

42 

**_46. Foreign investors are subject to foreign investment restrictions under Indian law that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely impact the market price of the Equity Shares._** 

Foreign ownership of Indian securities is subject to regulation by the GoI. In accordance with foreign exchange regulations currently in effect in India, under certain circumstances, the RBI must approve the sale of the Equity Shares from a non-resident of India to a resident of India or vice-versa if the sale does not meet certain requirements specified by the RBI. Additionally, any person who seeks to convert Indian Rupee proceeds from any such sale into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India is required to obtain a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. As provided in the foreign exchange controls currently in effect in India, the RBI has provided that the price at which the Equity Shares are transferred will be calculated in accordance with internationally accepted pricing methodology for the valuation of shares at an arm’s length basis, and a higher (or lower, as applicable) price per share may not be permitted. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other government agency can be obtained on terms favorable to a non-resident investor in a timely manner or at all. Because of possible delays in obtaining requisite approvals, investors in the Equity Shares may be prevented from realizing gains during periods of price increase and/or limiting losses during periods of price decline. This may have a material adverse effect on the price of the Equity Shares. See “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 325. 

**_47. The interests of the Promoter as our controlling shareholder may conflict with the interests of other shareholders._** 

Under our Articles of Association, the Promoter, by holding a majority of our Equity Share capital may issue directives with respect to the conduct of our business or our affairs for as long as we remain a Government company, as defined under the Companies Act. The interests of the Promoter may be different from our interests or the interests of other shareholders. As a result, the Promoter may take actions with respect to our business and the businesses of our peers and competitors, designed to serve the public interest in India and not necessarily to maximize profits. In addition, as a result of our controlling ownership by the Promoter, we are required to adhere to certain restrictions with respect to the types of investments we may make using our cash balances, which may restrict us from entering into certain investments providing a higher rate of return. The Promoter will retain control over the decisions requiring adoption by our shareholders and could exercise its powers of control, delay or defer or initiate a change of control of our Company or a change in our capital structure, delay or defer a merger, consolidation, or discourage a merger with another public sector undertaking. 

# **Risk Factors Related to the Equity Shares** 

**_48. Any further issuance of Equity Shares by us or sale of Equity Shares by our Promoter may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and in the case of issuance of Equity Shares by us result in the dilution of your shareholding._** 

Any future issuance of equity shares by us could dilute your shareholding. Any such future issuance of equity shares or sales of equity shares by any of our significant shareholders may also adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, and could impact our ability to raise capital through an offering of our securities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

As disclosed in “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 67, all of the Equity Shares held by the Promoter following the Offer will be locked-in for one year from the date of Allotment and an aggregate of 20% of the fully diluted post-Offer capital of our Company held by our Promoter shall be considered as minimum Promoter’s contribution and lockedin for a period of three years from the date of Allotment. Except for the customary lock-in on our Company’s ability to issue equity or equity linked securities discussed in “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 67, there is no restriction on our Company’s ability to issue Equity Shares. As such, there can be no assurance that our Company will not issue additional Equity Shares after the lock-in period expires or that the Promoter will not sell, pledge or encumber the Equity Shares after the lock-in periods expire. Future issuances of Equity Shares or convertible securities and sale of the underlying Equity Shares could dilute the holdings of our shareholders and adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. Such securities may also be issued at prices below the then current trading price of our Equity Shares. 

43 

We cannot predict the effect, if any, that the sale of the Equity Shares held by our Promoter or other major shareholders or the availability of these Equity Shares for future sale will have on the market price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_49. There is no existing market for the Equity Shares and the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile and fluctuate significantly in response to various factors._** 

Prior to this Offer, there is no public market for the Equity Shares. The trading price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate after this Offer due to a variety of factors, including our results of operations and the performance of our business, competitive conditions, general economic, political and social factors, volatility in the Indian and global securities markets, the performance of the Indian and global economy, significant developments in Indian's monetary policies and other factors. There can be no assurance that an active trading market for the Equity Shares will develop or be sustained after this Offer, or that the price at which our Equity Shares are initially offered will correspond to the prices at which they will trade in the market subsequent to this Offer. 

# **_50. Conditions in the Indian securities market may affect the price or liquidity of the Equity Shares._** 

The Indian securities markets are smaller than securities markets in more developed economies. Further, the regulation and monitoring of Indian securities markets and the activities of investor brokers and other participants differ, in some cases significantly, from those in the United States and Europe. In the past, Indian stock exchanges have experienced temporary exchange closures, broker defaults and settlement delays which, if continuing or recurring, could affect the market price and liquidity of the securities of Indian companies, including the Equity Shares. A closure of, or trading stoppage on, the stock exchanges could adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

In the past, the stock exchanges have experienced substantial fluctuations in the prices of listed securities. In addition, the governing bodies of the Indian stock exchanges have from time to time restricted securities from trading, limited price movements and restricted margin requirement. Further, from time to time, disputes have occurred between listed companies and the stock exchanges and other regulatory bodies that, in some cases, have had a negative effect on market sentiment. Similar problems could occur in the future and, if they do, these market conditions could negatively impact the market price and liquidity of the Equity Shares. 

# **_51. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by us in consultation with the Selling Shareholders and the BRLMs, and through the Book Building Process. The market price of the Equity Shares may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 

- the failure of security analysts to cover the Equity Shares after this Offer, or changes in the estimates of our performance by analysts; 

- the activities of competitors; 

- future sales of the Equity Shares by us or our shareholders; 

- investor perception of us and the industry in which we operate; 

- our quarterly or annual earnings or those of our competitors; 

- developments affecting fiscal, industrial or environmental regulations; 

- the public’s reaction to our press releases and adverse media reports; and 

- general economic conditions. 

The pricing of the Equity Shares will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 78 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may fall below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that you will be able to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price after the Offer. 

44 

**_52. There are restrictions on daily movements in the price of the Equity Shares, which may adversely affect a shareholder's ability to sell, or the price at which it can sell, Equity Shares at a particular point in time._** 

We will be subject to a daily "circuit breaker" imposed by stock exchanges in India, which does not allow transactions beyond a specified increase or decrease in the price of the Equity Shares. This circuit breaker operates independently of the index-based market-wide circuit breakers generally imposed by the SEBI on Indian stock exchanges. The maximum movement allowed in the price of the Equity Shares before the circuit breaker is triggered is determined by the Stock Exchanges based on the historical volatility in the price and trading volume of the Equity Shares. The Stock Exchanges will not inform us of the triggering point of the circuit breaker in effect from time to time, and may change it without our knowledge. This circuit breaker will limit the upward and downward movements in the price of the Equity Shares. As a result of such mechanism, no assurance may be given regarding your ability to sell your Equity Shares or the price at which you may be able to sell your Equity Shares at any particular time. 

# **_53. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net divided to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by the shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the trading price of our Equity Shares and returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

# **_54. Investors of the Equity Shares may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us._** 

We are a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of India. All of our Directors are residents of India. A substantial portion of our assets and the assets of our Directors resident in India are located in India. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process upon us or such persons outside India or to enforce judgments obtained against us or such parties outside India. 

Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13 of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 (“ **CPC** ”) on a statutory basis. Section 13 of the CPC provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated upon, except: (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction; (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case; (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or a refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable; (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice; (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud; and (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. Under the CPC, a court in India shall, upon the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgment, presume that the judgment was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record. However, under the CPC, such presumption may be displaced by proving that the court did not have jurisdiction. 

India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. Section 44A of the CPC provides that where a foreign judgment has been rendered by a superior court, within the meaning of that Section, in any country or territory outside of India which the Government of India has by notification declared to be in a reciprocating territory, it may be enforced in India by proceedings in execution as if the judgment had been rendered by the relevant court in India. However, Section 44A of the CPC is applicable only to monetary decrees not being of the same nature as amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges of a like nature or of a fine or other penalties. The United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong have been declared by the Government of India to be reciprocating countries for the purposes of Section 44A of the CPC. 

45 

The United States and India do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments, other than arbitration awards, in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any federal or state court in the United States on civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the federal securities laws of the United States, would not be enforceable in India. However, the party in whose favor such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the United States. The suit must be brought in India within three years from the date of the judgment in the same manner as any other suit filed to enforce a civil liability in India. 

Further, there may be considerable delays in the disposal of suits by Indian courts. It is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action was brought in India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce a foreign judgment if that court were of the view that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy or Indian practice. It is uncertain as to whether an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments that would contravene or violate Indian law. However, a party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain approval from the RBI under the FEMA to execute such a judgment or to repatriate any amount recovered. 

# **_55. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions_** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors' fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders' rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders' rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders' rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulties in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as shareholder of a body corporate in another jurisdiction. 

# **_56. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of Equity Shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. The Finance Act, 2018 has levied taxes on such long-term capital gains exceeding ₹ 0.10 million arising from sale of equity shares on or after April 1, 2018, while continuing to exempt the unrealized capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on such equity shares. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long-term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of STT, on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short-term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares may be partially exempt or exempt from taxation in India in cases where such exemption is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain resulting from the sale of the Equity Shares. 

**_57. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company incorporated in India must offer its equity shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages against dilution prior to issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting on such resolution. 

However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights unless we make a filing of an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority, you may be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights. If we elect not to file a registration statement in accordance to the above, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities on your behalf for your benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of any such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted for 

46 

certainty. Further, to the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of our Equity Shares, your proportional interests in our Company may be reduced. 

**_58. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after closure of the Offer._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Bidders can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until closure of the Offer. 

Therefore, QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders would not be able to withdraw or lower their Bids, notwithstanding adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations or financial condition, or otherwise, between the dates of the submission of their Bids and the Allotment. 

While we are required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within six Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

47 

