# **SECTION II - RISK FACTORS** 

# **RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, or the industry and segments in which we operate or India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or prospects. To obtain a complete understanding of our Company, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “_ **_Our Business_** _” and “_ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_** _”, on pages_ 153 _and_ 440 _, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. If any of the risks described below or other risks that are currently not known or are currently deemed immaterial actually occur, any of our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or prospects could be adversely affected, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and prospective investors may lose all or part of their investment. In making an investment decision, you must rely on your own examination of our Company and the terms of this offer, including the merits and risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in our Equity Shares._ 

_Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For details, see “_ **_Forward-Looking Statements_** _” on page_ 18 _._ 

_Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risks factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implication of any of the risks described in this section. Unless otherwise stated, the financial information of our Company and our Subsidiaries, collectively the “Group”, used in this section has been derived from the Restated IndAS Consolidated Summary Statements for fiscals 2017, 2018 and 2019 prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standard (“_ **_Ind AS_** _”) notified under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013, read together with Rule 3 of the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Amendment Rules, 2016, as amended from time to time and restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL/CIR/P/2016/47 dated March 31, 2016; and the Restated Indian GAAP Consolidated Summary Statements for fiscals 2015 and 2016 prepared in accordance with Indian GAAP notified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 and read together with paragraph 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules 2014, Companies (Accounting Standards) Amendment Rules, 2016 and restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL/CIR/P/2016/47 dated March 31, 2016._ 

_Data included in this section in relation to certain operating metrics, financial information not otherwise included in the Restated IndAS Consolidated Summary Statements, Restated Indian GAAP Consolidated Summary Statements and certain business information and data (such as listed products and services, supplier storefronts, number of registered buyers and paying subscription suppliers, among others) have been reviewed and verified by AARK & Co. LLP, independent Chartered Accountants._ 

_Certain information in this section is derived from the KPMG Report. We commissioned the KPMG Report for the purposes of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with the Offer. Neither we, nor any of the BRLMs, nor any other person connected with the Offer has verified the information in the KPMG Report. Further, these reports are prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. They may also base their opinion on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. Prospective investors are advised not to unduly rely on the KPMG Report when making their investment decision. For further details, see “_ **_Industry Overview_** _” and “_ **_Our Business_** _” on pages 122 and 153, respectively._ 

# **INTERNAL RISKS** 

**RISKS RELATING TO OUR COMPANY AND INDUSTRY** 

20 

1. **_We had incurred significant operating losses in the past and we may not be able to improve our financial position or generate sufficient revenue to achieve positive net worth._** 

As at March 31, 2017 and 2018, we had a restated net worth of ₹(3,900.46) million and ₹(3,212.69) million as derived from our Restated Financial Statements, respectively. As at March 31, 2019, we had a positive net worth of ₹1,598.88 million. Our negative net worth as at March 31, 2017 and 2018 was primarily attributable to our operating losses and net loss / (gain) on financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss (“ **FVTPL** ”) in the respective fiscal / period. 

These operating losses have primarily resulted from increasing expenditures related to employee benefits, content development and advertising in order to expand our sales network, develop our in-house technologies, provide premium numbers to participating suppliers, and increase the scale of our operations. 

Despite negative net worth in fiscals 2017 and 2018, we had relatively high levels of cash and investments primarily due to negative working capital in the same periods. For example, our revenue from operations increased from ₹3,177.63 million in fiscal 2017 to ₹ 4,105.08 million in fiscal 2018 and cash generated from operations increased from ₹(5.82) million in fiscal 2017 to ₹1,790.56 million in fiscal 2018. After excluding the effects of share buyback obligations, our net worth was ₹516.61 million as at March 31, 2018. Our management has prepared our financial statements on a going concern basis. As per our revenue recognition policy, we recognize revenue from subscription packages as and when our services are rendered. Accordingly, although payments may be received in advance in full for subscription packages sold, for the period that our obligations remain unfulfilled, such payments are recorded as a liability on our balance sheet as deferred revenue. For details, see “ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_** ” on page 440. 

Although our revenue from operations has grown, our revenue growth in the future may be lower. You should not rely on the revenue growth of any prior period as an indication of our future performance. We also expect our costs to increase in future periods as we continue to spend substantial financial resources to: 

- 

   - grow the number of suppliers and buyers using our marketplace; 

- implement our sales and customer acquisition strategy; 

- develop and improve our technology infrastructure, hardware and software and replace obsolete hardware and software; 

- expand our premium number service; 

- create online supplier storefronts for new supplier listings on IndiaMART and expand our marketplace, including into new product and service categories; 

- enhance the buyer experience, including through development and augmentation of mobile applications, or “apps”, and platforms; 

- increase awareness of our brands and marketplace through advertising, marketing and brand building initiatives; and 

- pursue strategic alliances and potential acquisitions. 

These expenditures may not yield additional revenue as we anticipate or at all. If we are unable to achieve revenue growth that outpaces the growth of our expenses, we may not maintain profitability, our net worth may continue to be negative, our cash position may deteriorate and we may become insolvent. 

**_2. If we are unable to maintain a critical mass of suppliers and buyers on our online marketplace, the perceived usefulness of our services may decline, and our business, revenue and prospects could suffer._** 

We earn revenue on IndiaMART through (i) the sale of subscription packages (available on a monthly, annual and multi-year basis) to suppliers, which offer a range of benefits including the listing of their supplier storefronts and products on a preferential basis on the IndiaMART marketplace; (ii) revenue from the sale of request for quote, or “RFQ”, credits, which is generated when, in response to a buyer’s RFQ, a supplier purchases a credit in 

21 

order to obtain the buyer’s contact information from within the RFQ and contact the buyer (which credit we refer to as an “ **RFQ credit** ”); (iii) advertising revenue from our IndiaMART desktop and mobile-optimized platforms and IndiaMART mobile app; and (iv) revenue from payment facilitation services. 

We have devoted significant resources to increase the engagement of suppliers and buyers with our online marketplace and to grow the volume of organic visitor traffic. Our paid services will be attractive to suppliers only if sufficient buyers use our online marketplace to identify and conduct business with suppliers. Furthermore, our services will be attractive to buyers only if sufficient products and services are listed by suppliers on our online marketplace. The following table sets forth a breakdown of our suppliers and buyers for the periods indicated: 

||**A**<br>|**s of March 31,**<br>||
|---|---|---|---|
||**2017**|**2018**|**2019**|
|Paying subscription suppliers|96,025|108,347|129,589|
|Registered buyers (in millions)|39.37|59.81|82.70|
|Registered Suppliers/Indian supplier storefronts (in millions)|3.16|4.72|5.55|



We cannot assure you there will be continued demand for the types of products and services listed by suppliers on our online marketplace or that our efforts to attract and retain suppliers and buyers will succeed. A decline in the popularity of, or demand for, certain products and services listed on our online marketplace could reduce the number of buyers using our marketplace. In addition, suppliers may choose to list their products and services on alternative or competing platforms instead of, or in addition to, our online marketplace, which could reduce the range of products and services available to buyers, reduce buyer activity, and depress overall activity on our online marketplace. Any decline in overall activity on our online marketplace may result in us generating less revenue from fewer new and renewed subscriptions by suppliers on IndiaMART. If we are unable to maintain a critical mass of suppliers and buyers for our online marketplace, the perceived usefulness of our services may decline, and our business, revenue and prospects could suffer. 

**_3. Competition from new and existing companies may reduce demand for our services or cause us to lose visitor traffic, market share or paying subscription suppliers, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We are India’s leading online marketplace for business goods and services, with approximately 60% market share of the online B2B classifieds space in India according to the KPMG Report. IndiaMART had an aggregate of 325.8 million, 552.6 million and 723.5 million visits in fiscals 2017, 2018 and 2019 respectively. Although we believe that we maintain a large market share and strong competitive position, the online commerce industry is highly competitive, and we expect competition to intensify in the future. We face competition from other Indian and foreign online B2B marketplaces that seek to provide services similar to ours such as Tradeindia.com, Exporters India and Alibaba India which we believe are some of the key competitors for IndiaMART. We also compete indirectly with Internet search engines, traditional brick and mortar suppliers and online business-toconsumer service providers. Our indirect competitors include Google and Industry Buying. See “ **_Our Business— Competition_** ” on page 172. 

We may not be able to compete effectively with current and future competitors. The competitive factors in our industry include, among others, the number of active suppliers and buyers, the number, quality, reach, reliability and recentness of product and service listings, buyer and supplier loyalty, ability to facilitate interactivity among suppliers and buyers, increases in visitor traffic, brand recognition, technology, (including the accessibility of our marketplace from a range of devices), availability and ease of use of services, customer service and pricing. We may lose visitor traffic, market share and experience a decline in revenue if our position deteriorates as to these and other market factors. We may also lose market share to competitors with longer or more successful operating histories, superior strategy and execution, greater resources including available and accessible financial capital, greater brand recognition or a larger user base than us. 

The management of some of our competitors may have more experience in implementing their business plan and strategy, or our competitors may offer more innovative features on their platforms or be more successful in increasing the number of suppliers and buyers on their platforms or the revenue generated from their operations. We expect many of our competitors to expend financial and other resources to improve their network and system infrastructure, including through platform design, in order to compete more aggressively. We expect that our costs related to advertising, marketing, brand building and employee benefit expenses will continue to grow as our competitors undertake marketing campaigns to enhance their brands and increase the volume of business conducted through their platforms. There can be no assurance that the advertising and marketing services that we 

22 

adopt will be among the most effective forms available, which may diminish our brand, reputation and Internet presence. 

If we are unable to respond successfully to such competitive pressures, our visitor traffic, number of enquiries, number of paying and non-paying subscription suppliers and advertisers and the prices of our subscription packages could significantly decline, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_4. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected if we are unable to retain existing paying subscription suppliers on or attract new paying subscription suppliers to IndiaMART._** 

Substantially all of our revenue comes from suppliers who list their products and services on IndiaMART. Our revenue from IndiaMART originates primarily from suppliers purchasing subscriptions. For further details, see “ **_Our Business_** ” on page 153. 

We seek to attract new paying subscription suppliers to IndiaMART in order to increase our revenue, the number of products and services listed by suppliers on our marketplace, the number of buyers that use our marketplace, as well as to mitigate the loss of paying subscription suppliers that we are unable to retain. There are a number of reasons why an existing supplier may decide not to renew its paid services on IndiaMART. For example, a supplier may discontinue its business operations, change its business focus, sales strategy or marketing personnel, reduce its marketing budget, become dissatisfied with our services, or choose to sell its products or services through one of our competitors. 

Our inability to attract new suppliers or decisions by our existing suppliers not to renew their paid services or continue listing their products or services on our marketplace could significantly reduce our revenue. We may incur additional advertising and sales costs through our efforts to retain existing suppliers on our marketplace, sell new IndiaMART subscriptions and RFQ credits, attract new suppliers to list their products or services on IndiaMART, or to promote our payment facilitation services. There is no guarantee that these expenditures will generate additional revenue for us or enable us to retain or expand our roster of suppliers, and our net revenue may be lower as a result. We may also encounter difficulty retaining and attracting suppliers if IndiaMART becomes less attractive to suppliers due to a decline in the number of RFQs posted by buyers. These developments could result in a significant decrease in our supplier retention rate. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to replace lost paying subscription suppliers, which may lead to a decline in the revenue of IndiaMART. If our IndiaMART suppliers do not continue to list their products and services and renew their paid subscriptions, the quantity and variety of products or services that are offered through IndiaMART may decline, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and future growth. 

**_5. This Red Herring Prospectus contains information from KPMG Research which we have commissioned._** 

The information in “ **_Industry Overview_** ” on page 122 includes information that is derived from the KPMG Report. We commissioned this report for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with the Offer. Neither we, nor any of the BRLMs, nor any other person connected with the Offer has verified the information in the KPMG Report. KPMG Research has advised that it does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the KPMG Report or the data therein and is not responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of the KPMG Report or the data therein. The KPMG Report highlights certain industry and market data relating to our Company and its competitors. Such data is subject to many assumptions. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which we conduct our business, and methodologies and assumptions may vary widely among different industry sources. Further, such assumptions may change based on various factors. We cannot assure you that KPMG Research’s assumptions are correct or will not change and accordingly our position in the market may differ from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, the KPMG Report is not a recommendation to invest / disinvest in any company covered in the KPMG Report. KPMG Research states that it is not responsible for any loss or damage arising from the use of the KPMG Report. Prospective investors are advised not to unduly rely on the KPMG Report when making their investment decisions. 

23 

**_6. We earn most of our revenue from Indian suppliers purchasing paid services on IndiaMART. Factors that adversely affect such Indian suppliers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects._** 

Our suppliers include Indian small and medium enterprises (“ **SMEs** ”) as well as large corporations, and we expect such suppliers to continue to be a significant contributor to IndiaMART’s future growth through their purchases of subscriptions and RFQ credits. We may experience stagnation or reduction in the size of our user base and product listings on IndiaMART if our suppliers do not continue to adopt online platforms such as ours in increasing numbers in the future. 

Businesses anticipate and respond to adverse changes in economic conditions and adjust their production and spending patterns accordingly, and this has a direct impact on their sales made through our online marketplace and our revenues. Factors that could adversely affect the business of our Indian suppliers include, but are not limited to, the following: 

- increased supply and input costs, including rising costs of labour, raw materials and other inputs; 

- decline in demand for our suppliers’ products or services; 

- regulatory restrictions, trade disputes, industry-specific quotas, tariffs, non-tariff barriers and taxes; 

- foreign exchange fluctuations that make imports more attractive vis-à-vis domestic manufacturers; 

- lack of access to or increased costs of financing; and 

- the overall performance of the Indian economy. 

Unfavorable changes in business and economic conditions affecting Indian suppliers could result in reduced marketing expenditures by suppliers. This may lead to fewer suppliers purchasing IndiaMART subscription packages and RFQ credits and decrease in our revenue, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

_7._ **_Despite our intent and efforts to have genuine items listed/content available on our online marketplace, we have been and may continue to be subject to allegations and lawsuits or negative publicity claiming that items listed and content available on our online marketplace are pirated, counterfeit or illegal._** 

We have received in the past, and we anticipate we will receive in the future, communications alleging that items listed or made available through our online marketplace or any content made available in connection therewith, infringe third-party copyrights, trademarks, patents or other intellectual property rights. We have put in place a broad range of measures to prevent infringing, illegal, counterfeit and pirated goods from being offered on our marketplace, as well as spamming, fraudulent telemarketing and other notorious or malicious activities. These measures include: 

- taking down infringing, illegal, counterfeit and pirated products from our marketplaces on receipt of complaints against such products or through customer calls at our customer support at (+91) 96-96969696; 

- providing an online complaint platform for brand owners to report infringements; and 

- enhancing our communication with various relevant Government authorities to eradicate sources of such goods. 

We maintain strict procedures to address issues pertaining to infringing, illegal, counterfeit and fictitious listings on our marketplaces, as we receive confirmation, as a condition to use our platform, from users posting any contents to their authenticity and legality. When we receive complaints regarding infringement, passing off or counterfeit goods, we follow certain procedures to verify the nature of the complaint and the relevant facts. Upon verification of the complaint, we inform the concerned supplier about the complaint and request such supplier to respond to, refute the allegations and provide evidence of authenticity of the product within a certain time period. In the event that the supplier fails to address the grievance within the stipulated time period, we make a final judgment as to whether the product should be delisted from our marketplace and whether other remedial measures 

24 

should be taken, such as arranging for suppliers to reimburse the buyer and/or close down the relevant supplier storefronts, based on the information provided in the complaint and any responses provided by the supplier. In some instances, suppliers may agree to delist their products from our website. We believe these procedures are important to ensure confidence in our marketplace among buyers and sellers and to minimize potential infringement of third-party intellectual property rights; however, these procedures could result in delays in delistings of allegedly infringing product listings, or these measures may not always be successful. In the event that alleged counterfeit or infringing products are listed on our marketplaces or allegedly infringing contents are made available through our marketplaces, we could face claims and negative publicity relating to these activities or for our alleged failure to act in a timely or effective manner in response to infringement or to otherwise restrict or limit these listings. If, as a result of regulatory developments, we are required to compensate users making claims, we would incur additional expenses. For further details, see “ **_Our Business – Security – Measures against infringing, illegal and counterfeit products_** ” on page 171. 

We may implement further measures in an effort to strengthen our protection against these potential liabilities, including working with brands and Government authorities to assist in their investigations and taking legal actions against suppliers of counterfeit and illegal goods on our marketplace. These measures could require us to spend substantial additional resources and/or experience reduced revenues, and may reduce the attractiveness of our marketplace and other services to buyers, suppliers, brands and other participants. Furthermore, a supplier whose content is removed or whose services are suspended or terminated by us, regardless of our compliance with the applicable laws, rules and regulations, may dispute our actions and commence action against us for damages, make public complaints or allegations or organize group protests and publicity campaigns against us or seek compensation. Any costs incurred as a result of liability or asserted liability relating to the unlawful sale of goods or other infringement could harm our business. 

We also have been and may continue to be subject to allegations of civil or criminal liability based on allegedly unlawful activities or unauthorized distribution carried out by third parties through our online marketplace. We also may be subject to negative publicity or allegations of violating intellectual property rights or facilitating transactions for pirated, counterfeit or illegal products. For instance, according to the “2017 Out-of-Cycle Review of Notorious Markets” (the “ **2017 Notorious Markets List** ”) released by the Office of the United States Trade Representative (“ **USTR** ”), IndiaMART was identified as a ‘notorious market’. In the 2017 Notorious Markets List it was also alleged that our marketplace facilitated global trade in counterfeit and illegal pharmaceuticals and further, disclaimed all liability, delays and responses and did not facilitate right holder attempts to remove listings. While the “2018 Out-of-Cycle Review of Notorious Markets” released by the USTR (the “ **2018 Notorious Markets List** ”) only makes references to IndiaMART’s presence in the 2017 Notorious Markets List, any such allegations in the future or continued public perception that counterfeit or pirated items are commonplace on our marketplaces or perceived delays in our removal of these listings, even if factually incorrect, could damage our reputation with users, diminish the value of our brand name or result in regulatory pressure or action against us, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_8. Any factors that negatively affect the growth and profitability of the online commerce industry in India or the Internet as a medium for commerce in India could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and prospects._** 

Our future operating results will depend on numerous factors affecting the development of online commerce, which may be beyond our control. These factors include the rate of growth of personal computers, tablets, mobile devices, Internet and broadband usage and penetration, extant laws, regulations and policies governing online commerce, consumer confidence in online commerce, media publicity regarding online commerce, concerns on online data privacy and general economic conditions globally and in particular India. In particular, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (the “ **GDPR** ”) has taken full effect from May 25, 2018, which may result in more restrictive privacy-related requirements for entities outside the European Union that process personally identifiable information about European data subjects. While we believe that we have put in place adequate measures to comply with the provisions of the GDPR, given that the GDPR has been recently notified, there continues to be uncertainty as to the applicability, interpretation and implementation of its provisions. Our business, financial condition and results of operations and prospects may be materially and adversely affected if we are unable to comply with applicable provisions of the GDPR or on account of any unfavourable changes in or interpretations of the GDPR, or other provisions which may become applicable to us in the future. Further, compliance with these requirements may increase our compliance burden and costs and require significant management time and other resources. Further, if online commerce in India and Internet adoption by Indian SMEs do not continue to develop as we expect them to, or if we fail to identify and anticipate changes in trends and 

25 

preferences in the online commerce industry and address them in time or at all, our business, financial condition and results of operations and prospects will be materially and adversely affected. 

The continued growth in our revenue is substantially dependent upon the widespread acceptance and use of the Internet as a medium for commerce by businesses. In particular, rapid growth in the use of the Internet and other online services is still a relatively recent phenomenon in India, and we cannot assure you that this trend will continue, that Internet penetration among Indian suppliers, particularly SMEs will increase or that a sufficiently broad base of buyers will adopt and continue to use the Internet as a medium of commerce. As a result, growth in our user base and our online marketplace is dependent on attracting to our online marketplace suppliers and buyers who have historically used traditional channels of commerce to sell and purchase products and services. 

Concerns about fraud, privacy, lack of trust and other problems may also discourage businesses from adopting the Internet as a medium of commerce. If these concerns are not adequately addressed, they may inhibit the growth of online commerce and communications. In addition, if a well-publicized breach of Internet security or privacy were to occur, general Internet usage could decline, which could reduce the use of our services and products and impede our growth. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects will suffer to the extent the Internet, the online commerce industry and the use of the Internet as a medium of commerce in India do not continue to grow. 

**_9. We acquire a significant portion of our suppliers on IndiaMART through the unsolicited creation of supplier storefronts and such suppliers may refuse to consent to their information being made publicly available on our online marketplace, which may negatively affect our business and may subject us to various legal claims._** 

A significant supplier acquisition strategy that we have implemented for IndiaMART has been to identify suppliers that we believe can enhance our database and create supplier storefronts for these suppliers and their products and services at no charge and based on publicly available information. We notify these suppliers of their new supplier storefronts by email or SMS, after which time they remain suppliers on IndiaMART for as long as their contact information is current or until they elect to delist their supplier storefront. A portion of suppliers for whom we create supplier storefronts typically request that the supplier storefront be delisted and that we de-register the supplier from IndiaMART. 

We devote substantial capital resources and employee resources to this supplier acquisition strategy and supplier storefront development. However, we do not earn revenue from suppliers until they purchase paid services on IndiaMART. If large numbers of the suppliers that we acquire through unsolicited supplier storefront creation do not become paying subscription suppliers, we may not recover the costs of our supplier acquisition expenditures, and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. In addition, competitors may seek to employ the same supplier acquisition strategies, and a competitor with significantly greater human resources and access to capital may be able to match or exceed the extent of our supplier network. 

In addition, as we create supplier storefronts based on publicly available information or other postings made by them at other platforms about their business, products and services, we may be exposed to various legal claims. We may be required to spend significant money and divert personnel and management attention away from other priorities to resolve these types of claims. We do not maintain insurance to cover the cost of defending or settling such claims. If we are unable to defend against such claims, and even if we are successful, our reputation may be harmed and our business disrupted. As a result, our expenses may increase, our revenue may decline, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation and brand may be adversely affected. See also “ **_—We have in the past been and may in the future be exposed to legal claims such as infringement, misappropriation, breach of privacy, defamation, or negligence which, if determined adversely against us, could cause us to pay significant damages._** ” on page 37. 

**_10. The growth of our business depends on the growth of mobile Internet penetration and supporting infrastructure in India, and the steady emergence of mobile technology as a viable medium for transacting business._** 

According to the KPMG Report, the fall in data prices coupled with increase in availability and affordability of smartphones has resulted in users increasingly consuming content on their mobile devices, and the number of wireless internet subscribers in India is projected to increase from 425 million as on December 2017 to 867 million by fiscal 2022, primarily driven by growth in the 4G subscriber base. While the growth potential of this market is difficult to forecast, we have identified our IndiaMART mobile website and app as a potentially strong growth 

26 

source for our business. For example, as of March 31, 2019, our IndiaMART mobile app had been installed 10.84 million times, and, together with our IndiaMART mobile platform, accounted for 76%, of total traffic to IndiaMART. We have and will continue to invest substantially in the growth and success of our mobile platform and apps, however, we may not be able to continue to increase the levels of mobile access and engagement on our online marketplace. 

The success of our mobile growth strategy depends in part on: 

- the expansion of 3G and 4G networks, as well as broadband wireless access on mass-market smartphones and other mobile devices, in India; 

- the quality and security of our mobile offerings, including mobile-based payment services; 

- our ability to successfully deploy our existing and future apps on popular mobile operating systems such as Android and iOS; 

- our ability to provide compelling platforms and tools in a multi-device environment while ensuring their compatibility with the web browser platforms provided therein; 

- our ability to adapt to the device standards used by third-party manufacturers and distributors; and 

- increased adoption of mobile apps by Indian businesses, particularly SMEs. 

As with our other growth initiatives, we expect to incur significant costs in introducing, continually updating and supporting our marketplace through our mobile app and mobile website, and our efforts may not be successful. For example, our mobile offerings may be less extensive than or inferior in quality compared to our competitors, and we may not be able to deploy our mobile apps on the most popular mobile operating systems or devices in a timely manner or at all. Furthermore, as our app distribution depends on the designated app stores for major operating systems such as Android and iOS, any changes to their app store policies may adversely affect the distribution, accessibility and availability of our app. We may lose all or a substantial portion of our investment in the growth initiative for our mobile app, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_11. We rely on telecommunications and information technology systems, networks and infrastructure to operate our business and any interruption or breakdown in such systems, networks or infrastructure or our technical systems could impair our ability to effectively operate our marketplace or provide our services._** 

Our ability to collect, process and disseminate data using the Internet in a secure and efficient manner is dependent on telecommunications and information technology systems, networks and infrastructure, including but not limited to systems that we develop ourselves. Our systems including our website, mobile app and mobile website are vulnerable to technical failures of our hardware or software, breakdowns in the servers on which our online marketplace is hosted, difficulties in linkages with third-party systems, corruption or loss of our electronically stored data, computer viruses, power loss, electronic intrusion attempts, break-ins, sabotage, vandalism or other disturbances or disruptions in the Internet generally. In particular, as we store a large quantity of data through cloud-based service providers, our accessibility to the data stored in such systems may affected by changes in the costs of maintaining and operating cloud services, applicable government policies and regulations, security breaches or any other disruption affecting the operations of such cloud service providers. 

Our business could also be impacted by the failure of telecommunications network operators to provide us with the requisite bandwidth which could also interfere with the speed and availability of our online marketplace, as well as by breakdowns at the level of our Internet service providers. Additionally, systems and software that are developed internally may contain undetected errors, defects or bugs, which we may not be able to detect and repair in time, in a cost-effective manner or at all. In such circumstances, we may be liable for all costs and damages, as we would not be entitled to any indemnification or warranty that may have been available if we had obtained such systems or software from third-party providers. 

Disruptions or instabilities in telecommunications networks, our website, mobile app, mobile website, servers and databases as well as the functioning of Internet service providers could lead to buyer and supplier dissatisfaction and damage our reputation. Any damage to or failure of our systems could lead to difficulties in accessing our 

27 

online marketplace, service interruptions or delays, loss of our database content, inability to accept or fulfil supplier or buyer requests, inaccurate data being processed or displayed, and would otherwise impair our ability to effectively provide our services, which could result in our paid suppliers and advertisers choosing to stop listing or advertising their products and services on our marketplace. In addition, to perform reliably, the fixed telecommunications networks and Internet infrastructure in India, and in any other locations that we may operate in, require maintenance and periodic upgrading of the appropriate networks and infrastructure which are beyond our control. We cannot assure you that our back-up and disaster recovery measures and business continuity planning would effectively eliminate or alleviate the risks arising from the above contingencies and we are not insured against such losses. 

We may not have any access to alternative telecommunication networks other than those we currently use, in the event of disruptions, failures or any other problems in the network or infrastructure of our current telecommunications service providers. In addition, we cannot assure you that a more technologically sophisticated and reliable fixed telecommunications network or Internet infrastructure will be developed in India or any other region that we may operate in, that will ensure our ability to deliver smooth and reliable provision of our services to suppliers and buyers on our online marketplace. Our success will depend upon third parties maintaining and improving Internet infrastructure to provide a reliable network with adequate speed and data capacity and telecommunication networks with good clarity and lower congestion. Continued disruption in the telecommunication networks where we operate may lead to a reduction in the number of paying subscription suppliers on IndiaMART and have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_12. Our failure to manage our growth and scalability could affect the performance of and features on our marketplace and reduce our attractiveness to suppliers and buyers._** 

During the past few years, we have experienced significant growth in our business operations as our total revenue from operations has increased from ₹3,177.63 million in fiscal 2017 to ₹5,074.17 million in fiscal 2019. This growth has placed, and will continue to place, a significant strain on our management, operational, and financial infrastructure. We are now deploying our management and employees, information technology infrastructure, data protection and storage systems, and computer hardware and software across a larger, more complex and stillexpanding range of operations. As our operations grow in scale, we must continuously improve, upgrade and adapt our systems and infrastructure to continue offering new or enhanced services, current features and superior functionality on pace with rapidly evolving customer demands. For instance, in April 2017, we launched our IndiaMART payment protection program, which addresses the suppliers’ payment risks and the buyers’ grievances if any, with respect to payments made through IndiaMART’s platform. We may be liable for any losses incurred if the IndiaMART payment protection program fails to deliver the assured payments, goods or services to the appropriate parties or if any of the third party payment modes fail to process the payments and we do not maintain insurance for such losses or claims. Our inability to maintain the reliability and integrity of our systems and infrastructure in a cost-efficient and competitive manner may prevent us from providing new or enhanced services effectively, which could negatively impact our brand, reduce the attractiveness of our marketplace to new suppliers and buyers, or result in us not being able to retain existing suppliers and buyers, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, to effectively manage our growth, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls, and our reporting systems and procedures. In particular, rapid growth increases the challenges involved in, among others, continuous training and development of skilled and competent personnel and developing and improving internal administrative infrastructure. These systems, enhancements and improvements will require significant capital expenditures and management resources. Failure to implement these enhancements and improvements could hurt our ability to effectively manage our growth. 

If we do not manage our growth in an effective manner, we may damage our attractiveness and reputation with suppliers and buyers that use our online marketplace, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_13. We have made certain issuances and allotments of our Equity Shares which were not in compliance with section 67(3) of the Companies Act, 1956._** 

We issued and allotted Equity Shares to more than 49 persons (pursuant to private placements) through three allotments on June 17, 2001, July 15, 2001 and August 30, 2001 (collectively, the “ **2001 Allotments** ”). These 

28 

allotments were not in compliance with Section 67(3) of the Companies Act 1956 governing public offerings of shares. 

According to the terms of SEBI’s circular (CIR/CFD/DIL3/18/2015) dated December 31, 2015 (the “ **SEBI Amnesty Circular** ”), companies involved in issuance of securities to more than 49 persons but up to 200 persons in a fiscal year may avoid penal action subject to fulfilment of certain conditions including the provision of an option to the current holders of such securities allotted pursuant to the 2001 Allotments to surrender such Equity Shares at an exit price not less than the amount of subscription money paid along with 15% interest per annum thereon or such higher return as promised to such allottees. 

In compliance with the SEBI Circular, through a letter dated July 20, 2016 our Promoter, Dinesh Chandra Agarwal, provided an offer to those shareholders (excluding our Promoters) who held, as on a specified record date, the Equity Shares allotted by our Company through the 2001 Allotments to purchase such Equity Shares from them at a purchase price equivalent to the subscription amount, along with interest at the rate of 15% per annum thereon. For further details, see “ **_Capital Structure – History of equity share capital of our Company_** ” on page 94. 

Subsequently, our Company filed an application with the RoC, before the Regional Director (Northern Region), New Delhi seeking to compound non-compliance with Section 67(3) of the Companies Act 1956, pursuant to the 2001 Allotments. The Regional Director (Northern Region) by an order dated February 3, 2017, compounded the offence and imposed a fine of ₹5,000 each on our Company, Dinesh Chandra Agarwal, our Managing Director and Brijesh Kumar Agrawal, our whole time Director, which have been paid. 

# **_14. Our continued success is substantially dependent on the strength of our brand and our reputation._** 

Brand recognition is important to the success of our business. We believe that the recognition and reputation of our IndiaMART brand among suppliers and buyers have significantly contributed to the growth of our business. To be successful in the future, we must continue to preserve, grow and leverage the value of our brands. Many factors, some of which are beyond our control, may negatively impact our brands and reputation. Reputational value is based in large part on perceptions of subjective qualities. An isolated incident or the aggregate effect of individually insignificant incidents can erode the trust and confidence of our current and potential suppliers and buyers, particularly if those incidents result in adverse publicity, governmental investigations or litigation. For instance, according to the 2017 Notorious Markets List released by the USTR, IndiaMART was identified as a ‘notorious market’. In the 2017 Notorious Markets List it was also alleged that our marketplace facilitated global trade in counterfeit and illegal pharmaceuticals. While the 2018 Notorious Markets List only makes references to IndiaMART’s presence in the 2017 Notorious Markets List, any such reports or listings may adversely affect our reputation and reduce user activity on our marketplace, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Maintaining and enhancing the recognition and reputation of our brand is critical to our business and competitiveness. This may require us to make substantial investments, including major television and digital marketing campaigns. See “ **_Our Business—Sales, Customer Acquisition, Marketing and Branding—Marketing and Branding_** ” on page 168 for more information about our marketing campaigns. Such investments may not be successful or generate sufficient revenue to cover their significant upfront costs. As a result, our financial condition may be adversely impacted. 

# **_15. If we do not adapt to technological developments or industry trends, the performance and features of our marketplace may become outdated and our marketplace may become less attractive to suppliers and buyers._** 

The industry in which we operate is characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and norms, and the introduction of new platform features or other products and services. Technological developments and industry trends rapidly evolve, and the systems, infrastructure and technologies we currently employ may become obsolete quickly or over time. Our continued growth will depend, in part, on our ability to identify, develop, acquire or license leading technologies that are applicable to our business, enhance our existing services, develop new services and address the increasingly sophisticated and varied needs of our existing and prospective suppliers and buyers. Further, we must adapt and respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis. In particular, wireless networks around the globe have recently started to test 5G technology, the next phase of mobile telecommunications standards. If we are unable to adapt or respond to changing technological standards and upgrades, such inability may materially and adversely affect our business in the future. 

29 

The success of our new products and services will depend on factors such as proper identification of market demand and trends and the competitiveness of our marketplace relative to the platforms and services of our competitors. Even if we are able to maintain, upgrade or replace our existing systems and services, or develop new technologies, systems and services, we may not be as quick or efficient as our competitors in doing so. As some of our systems are customized or developed internally, considerable internal resources and expenses are required to maintain and upgrade these systems, and we may be unable to devote adequate financial resources or obtain sufficient financing on commercially acceptable terms in time or at all. We may also not be able to attract, retain or contract for skilled personnel or implement required upgrades and improvements to our systems. If we do not appropriately maintain, expand and upgrade our systems and online marketplace in a timely manner or at a reasonable cost or both, we may lose market opportunities or damage our attractiveness and reputation with suppliers and buyers that use our marketplace, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_16. We may need additional capital and we may not be able to obtain it, which could adversely affect our liquidity and financial position._** 

We may require additional cash resources due to changed business conditions or other future developments, including investments in brand building initiatives, expansion of our premium number service, development and augmentation of our mobile apps, or any investments or acquisitions we may decide to pursue. Our ability to obtain additional capital is subject to a variety of uncertainties, including our future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, conditions in the capital markets in which we may seek to raise funds and general economic, political and other conditions in India and elsewhere. We may be unable to obtain additional capital in a timely manner or on acceptable terms or at all. The terms and amount of any additional capital raised through issuances of equity securities may result in significant dilution to our shareholders. Any incurrence of debt would result in the incurrence of interest expense and could require us to agree to operating and financial covenants that could restrict our operational flexibility and materially and adversely affect our business. 

**_17. Certain visitors and buyers on our online marketplace may expose us to special risks associated with compliance with applicable legal requirements under U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws._** 

The U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“ **OFAC** ”) administers certain laws and regulations, or “U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws”, that restrict U.S. persons and, in some instances, non-U.S. persons like us, in conducting activities, transacting business with or making investments in certain countries, governments, entities and individuals subject to U.S. economic sanctions, or sanctions targets. For instance, some of our registered buyers originate from Cuba, Syria, Ukraine, Iran and North Korea. Cuba, Syria, Iran and North Korea are currently the target of comprehensive U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws. In addition, parties in these countries may also be identified on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List (“ **SDN List** ”) published by OFAC. 

We do not earn any revenue from such buyers, and instead earn revenue primarily from the sale of subscription packages to suppliers in India. It is possible that U.S. authorities could view certain of our past transactions with certain visitors to have violated U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws. Further, we do not use any screening mechanisms on our online marketplace to identify and block visitors originating from any countries or territories subject to U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws or who may be identified on the SDN List. If our activities are found to violate any applicable sanctions or other trade controls, we may be subject to potential fines or other sanctions. We intend to conduct our business activities in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. A violation of these laws and regulations, or even an alleged violation, could harm our reputation and cause some of our U.S. investors to sell their interests in our company to be consistent with their internal investment policies or to avoid reputational damage, and some U.S. institutional investors might forego the purchase of our Equity Shares, all of which may negatively impact the trading prices of our Equity Shares. 

**_18. There are outstanding legal proceedings and litigations against our Company, our Promoters, our Directors and our Subsidiary. Any adverse outcome in any of these proceedings may adversely affect our profitability and reputation and may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are involved in certain legal proceedings (including direct and indirect taxation related proceedings, criminal and civil proceedings and commercial and intellectual property disputes) at different levels of adjudication before various courts and forums. In the event of adverse rulings in these proceedings or consequent levy of penalties by 

30 

other statutory authorities, we may need to make payments or make provisions for future payments, which may increase expenses and current or contingent liabilities and adversely affect our reputation. 

A summary of the material outstanding proceedings involving our Company, Promoters, Directors and Subsidiary, Tolexo Online Private Limited (“ **TOPL** ”), including the aggregate approximate amount involved to the extent ascertainable, is provided below: 

|**S. No.**|**Nature of proceedings**|**No. of**<br>**outstanding**<br>**proceedings**|**Aggregate amount involved**<br>**(to the extent ascertainable)**<br>**(₹ in million)**|
|---|---|---|---|
|**Litigatio**|**n against ourCompany**|||
|1.|Criminalproceedings|3|0.60|
|2.|Action taken bystatutory/regulatoryauthority|1|Not ascertainable|
|3.|Direct taxproceedings|5|20.38|
|4.|Indirect taxproceedings|3|23.46|
|5.|Civilproceedings|8|150.00|
|**Litigatio**|**n by ourCompany**|||
|1.|Criminalproceedings|4|0.41|
|2.|Civilproceedings|1|Not ascertainable|
|**Litigatio**|**n against our Subsidiaries**|||
|1.|Criminalproceedings against our Subsidiaries|1|<br>Not ascertainable|
|2.|Direct taxproceedings|1|237.15|
|**Litigati**|**on by ourSubsidiaries**|||
|1.|Criminalproceedings byour Subsidiaries|1|Not ascertainable|
|**Litigatio**|**n involving our Directors**<sup>*</sup>|||
|1.|Criminalproceedings against our Directors|2<sup>**</sup>|0.02|
|2|Action taken by a statutory/regulatory authority against<br>our Directors|1<sup>**</sup>|Not ascertainable|
|**Litigatio**|**n involving our Promoters**|||
|1.|Criminalproceedings against our Promoters|2<sup>**</sup>|0.02|
|2.|Action taken by a statutory/regulatory authority against<br>our Promoters|1<sup>**</sup>|Not ascertainable|



_*Includes litigation initiated against our Promoters_ 

_** Includes one litigation initiated against Dinesh Chandra Agarwal and Brijesh Kumar Agrawal_ 

For further details, see “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_** ” on page 462. 

# **_19. We may not be able to respond in a timely and cost effective manner to changes in preferences of our suppliers and buyers on our online marketplace._** 

Our future growth depends on our ability to continue to attract new buyers and paying subscription suppliers to our online marketplace and increase the spending of existing paying subscription suppliers on IndiaMART. Our ability to achieve profitability depends on the generation of cumulative revenue and increasing cumulative gross margin for a sustained period after acquiring a new supplier. However, constantly changing customer preferences have historically affected and will continue to affect our business and the online B2B commerce industry. It is difficult to accurately and consistently predict the services and features that our suppliers will demand. Moreover, a shift in buyers’ preferences away from the products and services offered on our online marketplace could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our future success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and respond to changes in customer preferences, and there can be no assurance that we will respond in a timely or effective manner. Failure to anticipate and respond to changing preferences of our suppliers and buyers and evolving trends in online commerce could lead to reduced revenue and gross margins from our online marketplace, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_20. Wage pressures in India may prevent us from sustaining our competitive advantage and may reduce our revenue._** 

Employee benefit expenses, which typically include salaries, wages, bonus and incentives, contribution to provident and other funds, gratuity expenses and staff welfare expenses represent the largest annual expense for us, and our ability to maintain or reduce such costs is critical for our business operations. Employee benefit expenses constituted 39.80% and 46.51% of our total expenses in fiscals 2018 and 2019, respectively. 

31 

Additionally, we have experienced high employee attrition in the past and may incur additional costs to improve our employee retention rate in the future. We may need to continue to increase the levels of our employee compensation to remain competitive and manage attrition, and consequently we may need to increase the prices of our services. An increase in wages and salaries paid to our employees may result in a material adverse effect on our revenue in the event that we are unable to pass on such increased expenditure to our suppliers and advertisers without losing their business to our competitors. Likewise, if we are unable to sustain or increase the number of employees as necessary to meet growing demand, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

**_21. We may in the future be unable to increase our numbers of suppliers and buyers by attracting online search engines users to our marketplace through search engine optimization techniques or search-related marketing._** 

We depend on Internet search engines and search engine optimization (“ **SEO** ”), in particular to attract and acquire new online visitors to our marketplace and retain existing suppliers and buyers. Internet search engines may change their algorithms to determine the ordering and presentation of search results or change our position in their search results in a manner that negatively affects the search engine ranking of or the placement of links to our online marketplace. As a result, our access to existing and potential users may become limited as search engines may direct these users to competitors or other alternatives. Our failure to successfully manage our SEO strategy could result in a substantial decrease in traffic to our online marketplace, which would reduce our access to existing and potential suppliers and buyers. If we are unable to reduce our dependency on search engines, we will remain subject to the operating dynamics of search engines, which may lead to a decline in traffic to our online marketplace and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Another method we employ to attract traffic to our marketplace is the placement of links to our online marketplace on the results page of Internet search engines. An additional portion of visitors to our platforms are directed to our online marketplace through pay-per-click, keyword search and display advertising services. The pricing and operating dynamics of these advertising tools can change rapidly, and there can be no assurance that our arrangements with various Internet search engines will not change adversely or that, in the event such changes occur, those new arrangements will be on commercially acceptable terms. 

**_22. Our success depends significantly on our senior management and other skilled personnel, and we may be adversely affected if we lose their services without finding equally skilled replacements._** 

Our success depends largely on the efforts, expertise and abilities of our senior management, as well as other skilled personnel, including information technology, operations and sales personnel. All of our senior management and other skilled personnel are at-will employees. Our senior management, some of whom have been with us since our inception, are important to our business because of their experience and knowledge of the industry. In particular, our success depends upon the continued efforts of our founders and Promoters, Dinesh Chandra Agarwal and Brijesh Kumar Agrawal, who are also directors on our Board. If we lose the services of any member of our senior management or any other skilled personnel, we may not be able to locate suitable or qualified replacements and may incur additional expenses to recruit and train new personnel, which could severely disrupt our business and growth and have a material adverse effect on our business, operations and financial results. We also do not maintain key-man insurance for any of our key personnel. 

We have experienced high employee attrition in the past, and as we expect to continue to expand our operations and develop new services, we will need to continue to retain and attract experienced and skilled personnel. The labour market for skilled employees is extremely competitive, and the process of hiring employees with the necessary skills requires the diversion of significant time and resources. The specialized skills we require can be difficult and time-consuming to acquire and develop and, as a result, such skilled personnel are often in short supply. Competition for these individuals could require us to offer higher compensation and other benefits in order to attract and retain them, which could increase our operating expenses and adversely affect our results of operations. Further, we may require a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when skilled personnel terminate their employment with us and we may not be able to successfully integrate any newly hired personnel. If we do not succeed in attracting qualified senior management and employees or retaining existing senior management and employees, our business and prospects for growth could be adversely affected. 

**_23. Misconduct or poor performance by our suppliers and buyers, despite our efforts to monitor them, may hurt our brand and reputation as a trusted medium for business transactions and may subject us to liability._** 

32 

Despite our procedures that require suppliers who purchase subscription packages or services or list their products and services on IndiaMART to undergo identity authentication and verification and agree to specific terms of use, fictitious supplier storefronts and listings, fraudulent transactions and sales of low-quality, faulty, defective, illegal, banned, counterfeit, misleading or otherwise commercially unacceptable products by our suppliers may occur. This risk becomes much higher in case of non-paying suppliers, where there is lesser stringent process of authentication and verification, coupled with lesser control over supplier storefronts and listings created by such non-paying supplier. From time to time, our suppliers may list products that infringe on third-party copyrights, trademarks, patents or other intellectual property rights, which may result in legal or other proceedings in which we may be involved. For instance, according to the 2017 Notorious Markets List released by the USTR, IndiaMART was identified as a ‘notorious market’. In the 2017 Notorious Markets List it was also alleged that our marketplace facilitated global trade in counterfeit and illegal pharmaceuticals. Further, the 2018 Notorious Markets List released by the USTR only refers to IndiaMART’s presence in the 2017 Notorious Markets List. 

In addition, one buyer on our marketplace has filed first information reports against our Company and Dinesh Chandra Agarwal, our Managing Director, respectively, alleging non-receipt of delivery of the products for which it had placed orders with a supplier discovered through our marketplace. Further, we have also initiated criminal proceedings against a supplier for creating and hosting fraudulent web catalogues on our website. For further details, see “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation against our Company - Civil and Other Material Proceedings_** ” on page 463. 

Although we have implemented various security and quality measures, such as our listing complaint and takedown procedures, in an effort to detect and reduce these occurrences, there can be no assurance that such measures will be timely or effective, and we may not be able to verify the accuracy of all the listings and leads on our online marketplace. The occurrence of other misuses such as spamming, scamming or circulating viruses may also occur. The occurrence or perception of any of these or similar incidents could give rise to actions against us, harm our reputation, impair our ability to attract and retain suppliers and buyers and cause us to incur additional costs to respond to such incidents. 

New or additional security and quality measures that we implement may also make our online marketplace less attractive to current and prospective suppliers and buyers. From time to time, we receive notices from third parties claiming infringement of their intellectual property rights on account of product listings of suppliers on our marketplace. For instance, Exxon Mobil Corporation has filed a suit against a supplier and our Company alleging infringement of its trademark, by using the term ‘Exxon’ in relation to which the Delhi High Court has granted an injunction, restraining all defendants in the litigation, including our Company, from using the impugned mark infringing Exxon’s trademark. While we respond to such notices by removing such listings, third parties may also pursue other legal remedies, including the initiation of legal proceedings against us claiming, amongst others, injunctions against and damages for alleged unauthorized use of trademarks and copyrights. Our continued growth depends on our ability to maintain our reputation as a trusted medium for online B2B commerce. If our brand or reputation is harmed, it may be more difficult to maintain and grow our user base, which could in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

# **_24. We may not be successful in implementing our growth strategies._** 

To remain competitive, we have to grow our business by increasing the number of suppliers and buyers that use our marketplace, further monetize our user base, and successfully introduce new products and services and new businesses. Our success in implementing our growth strategies may be affected by: 

- our ability to maintain a critical mass of suppliers and products and services on our online marketplace; 

- continued growth in demand for our services and our suppliers’ products and services; 

- compounding of network and community effects as our business, brand and reputation grow; 

- our ability to increase awareness of our IndiaMART brand; 

- our ability to increase the number of buyers on our online marketplace; 

- our ability to increase the number of suppliers on our online marketplace, including SMEs and large corporates; 

33 

- our ability to compete effectively with existing and future competitors; 

- our ability to increase our subscription fees and advertising rates; 

- our ability to generate revenue from our payment facilitation services; 

- our ability to effectively develop, augment and market our mobile apps and platforms; 

- our ability to assess changing preferences and new demands of our buyers, customize our existing services and introduce new services to meet those preferences and demands; 

- our ability to attract, train and retain senior management and employees who have the requisite skills; 

- our ability to successfully adapt to technological changes and developments; 

- our ability to build, acquire, maintain and update required IT infrastructure; 

- the general condition of the global and Indian economies; 

- the growth of the Internet as a medium for the provision of information and as an effective resource for Indian businesses, particularly SMEs; and 

- changes in our regulatory environment. 

Many of these factors are beyond our control and there can be no assurance that we will succeed in implementing our growth strategies. If we are not successful, our business, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 

**_25. We depend on third-party service providers for a significant portion of outsourced operational services, and our business may be adversely affected if they fail to meet our requirements or face operational or system disruptions._** 

We depend on various third-party service providers for certain operational services relating to our business. We outsource from time to time certain tasks including call center services, customer service functions, supplier storefront design and creation, management of our premium number service, and management of our TrustSEAL program to multiple service vendors. Our customer care, outbound sales unit and buyer RFQ enrichment and verification operations for IndiaMART are also outsourced, as well as user data management and catalogue development. If our third-party service providers fail to perform adequately, experience difficulty meeting our requirements for quality and customer service standards, face operational or system interruptions or fail to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations in India or if we are unable to locate alternate third-party service providers as needed, our brand and reputation could suffer, we may be exposed to liability on their account, and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. In the event that any action is initiated by the Department of Telecommunication (“ **DoT** ”), Ministry of Communications, Government of India (“ **GoI** ”) or any other regulators against any of our service providers or any fee is imposed or charged in relation to our premium number service or any other service provided by us, we may be unable to offer such service, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_26. We may be unable to successfully protect our intellectual property rights from being infringed by others, including competitors._** 

We have registered “INDIAMART” (device and word mark) under several classes as a trademark in India. Additionally, we have also obtained trademark protection over several of our other marks, such as “indiamart.com” (label and device mark), “M” (device mark), “TRUST SEAL” (label and word mark), “STAR SUPPLIER” (word mark), “INTERMESH” (word mark), “BUY LEAD” (word mark), “INDIAMART BUY LEAD (word mark), “INDIAMART PRIME” (word mark), “INDIAMART LEADING SUPPLIER” (word mark) and applied for the registration of certain trademarks including “TRUSTSEAL” (word mark), “INDIAMART TRUST SEAL” (word mark), “PAY WITH INDIAMART” (word mark) and “POORAA” (word mark) which are pending registration, as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. We are yet to receive registration or final approval for use of some of our trademarks from the Registrar of Trademarks. However, we cannot guarantee that 

34 

any of our pending trademark applications will be approved by the applicable governmental authorities or that it will not be abandoned. For further details, see “ **_Government and Other Approvals—Intellectual property approvals_** ” on page 469. 

We protect our intellectual property in India through a combination of trademark statutes and laws and contract provisions. Our key executives are prohibited by the terms of their employment letters from disclosing confidential information, including proprietary information, to any person during or after their employment with us. Further, we retain ownership of all work product of our executives produced during the terms of their employment with us. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary information by using automatic defense mechanism built on our system, third parties may be able to obtain and use our proprietary information without authorization or to develop similar technology independently. Policing unauthorized use of our intellectual property is often difficult and the steps taken may not be sufficient to prevent the infringement by unauthorized third parties of our intellectual property. Piracy, including in the digital environment, continues to present a threat to revenues from products and services based on intellectual property. 

We have registered domain names in India, including for www.indiamart.com and www.tolexo.com among others, and have legal rights over the domain name and the sub-domain names for the period for which such domain names are registered. The acquisition and maintenance of domain names are generally regulated by Internet regulatory bodies, which may modify their regulatory policies and the requirements for the holding of domain names. We may, therefore, be unable to obtain or maintain registration of relevant domain names in India or other countries in which we may propose to undertake business operations in the future. We may also face additional difficulties in expanding into any other country and may have to expend considerable time and other resources to obtain domain name registration in such countries. Any delay in acquiring our preferred domain names may provide our competitors the opportunity to obtain such domain names. We may be unable to prevent competitors from acquiring domain names that are similar to, infringe upon or otherwise decrease the value of, our trademarks and other proprietary rights. We cannot assure you that our business strategy of creating a strong brand and reputation will be successful if we are unable to protect our domain names and trademarks and any such failure may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

In addition, intellectual property may not receive the same level of protection in India as it does in the United States and certain other countries. Our failure to protect our intellectual property rights in a meaningful manner or challenges to related contractual rights could result in erosion of brand value and limit our ability to control marketing on or through the Internet using our various domain names or otherwise, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights and protect our branding and reputation. Any litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management and technical resources, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If the outcome of any such legal proceedings is adverse to us, we may not be able to adequately protect our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business operations. 

**_27. The data of our suppliers, buyers and paid advertisers may be misappropriated by our employees or thirdparty service providers and as a result cause us to breach our contractual obligations in relation to such confidential information._** 

We collect information from suppliers and buyers when they register on our online marketplace and from other third parties that contract to advertise on IndiaMART. Although we have implemented a number of measures to control access to the confidential information by our employees and third-party service providers on our servers, databases and software systems and ensure that they enter into confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements as necessary, there can be no assurance that the confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements entered into with our third-party service providers and certain of our employees will adequately prevent the disclosure of confidential information, such as the information relating to our suppliers, buyers and advertisers, by an employee or a thirdparty service provider. We may not have sufficient internal controls and processes to ensure that our employees and third-party service providers comply with their obligations under such confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements. For instance, our Company has filed a FIR against a former employee, alleging commission of data theft. For further details, see “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments–Litigation by our Company– Criminal proceedings_** ” on page 465. If any confidential information is misappropriated by our employees or thirdparty service providers, our suppliers, buyers or paid advertisers may raise claims against us for breach of our contractual obligations. We cannot assure you that we will have adequate recourse against our employees or thirdparty service providers who disclose or misappropriate confidential information. In the absence of adequate 

35 

recourse against such employees or third-party service providers, the successful assertion of any claim may have a material adverse. 

Additionally, we could be adversely affected if legislation or regulations are expanded or amended to require changes in our business practices or if legislation or regulations are interpreted in ways that negatively affect us. As privacy and data protection become more closely regulated in India, we may also become exposed to additional potential liability. Further, the IT Act provides for civil and criminal liability including compensation to affected persons, fines and imprisonment for various computer related offenses, which includes unauthorized disclosure of confidential information and failure to protect sensitive personal data. The GoI has notified various rules under the IT Act, pertaining to handling, disclosure and protection of sensitive personal data and in relation to storing, transmitting and providing any services with respect to electronic messages. India has also implemented privacy laws, including the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011, which impose limitations and restrictions on the collection, use, disclosure and transfer of personal information. For further details, see “ **_Key Regulations and Policies in India_** ” on page 175. As part of our operations, we are required to comply with the IT Act and the rules thereof, failing which we may face claims and actions against us. Additionally, the Government of India, in July 2018, published the Personal Data Protection Bill, 2018, which provides for a framework for protection of personal data and seeks to, among others, lay down norms for cross-border transfer of personal data, define the scope of the definition of personal data and ensure the accountability of entities processing personal data. Should such a framework be notified, our ability to collect, use, disclose and transfer information with respect to our suppliers and buyers may be further restricted. We may also be restricted in our ability to collect information from our suppliers, buyers and paid advertisers under new data protection laws. Our failure to take reasonable security precautions, safeguard personal information or collect such information in the future may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The introduction of new IT legislation, including for protection of privacy, may require us to modify our existing systems, or invest in new technologies to ensure compliance with such applicable laws, which may require us to incur additional expenses and adversely affect our financial condition. Change in existing legislation or introduction of new legislation may require us to incur additional expenditure, to ensure compliance with such legislation, which may adversely affect our financial condition. 

**_28. We are subject to an extensive regulatory framework and may be required to receive or renew certain approvals or licenses required in the ordinary course of business. Any failure to obtain licenses in a timely manner, or any non-compliance with or changes in, the regulations applicable to us may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects._** 

We may be required to obtain certain approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions for operating our business, some of which may expire in the ordinary course of our business and for which we would have to make an application for obtaining the approval or its renewal. For details, see “ **_Government and Other Approvals_** ” on page 469. Further, the approvals that we obtain may stipulate certain conditions requiring our compliance. 

Further, we are subject to a broad range of laws, rules and regulations, including the IT Act and rules made thereunder, governing several aspects of our business and operations. In particular, we are an ‘intermediary’ as defined under the IT Act and therefore, are required to comply with certain requirements including undertaking due diligence in respect of information hosted on our website and ensuring that we do not knowingly host or publish prohibited or offending information including, among others, information that infringes intellectual property rights or violates any law in force, contains viruses or threatens the security or sovereignty of India. Further, in the event we discover such information being hosted on our website, we are required to disable such information and to retain such data for investigation purposes under law. We are also required to maintain security measures and procedures in respect of information collected and displayed on our website, which may be categorized as ‘personal information’. If we fail to comply with the provisions of the IT Act and the rules made thereunder including in respect to our responsibilities as an intermediary, we may be subject to significant penalties, including fines and imprisonment. In addition, we are also required to comply with various other regulations and laws, including telecommunication related regulations. Furthermore, any future regulation or restriction calling activity in India may also increase our operational costs. For further details, see “ **_Key Regulations and Policies in India_** ” on page 175. 

We are also subject several other laws and regulations, including the Companies Act, 2013, which substantially governs our operations, including in respect of issuance of securities, calling of and conducting meetings of our Board and shareholders as well as entering into related party transactions. Any non-compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, may result in imposition of significant fines on us, which may have a negative impact on our business and financial condition. For instance, in the past, our Company entered into transactions with 

36 

Clickindia Infomedia Private Limited, (“ **CIPL** ”),” and Intermesh Shopping Network Private Limited, both of which were related parties, for the provision of webpage and general internet design, maintenance and consulting services, and related training and consulting services, without obtaining the approvals from the GoI under the provisions of the Companies Act 1956. On our application for compounding, pursuant to an order dated May 27, 2011 of the Company Law Board, New Delhi, this offense was compounded on payment of ₹ 2,000 each by our Company, our Promoters and certain officers. Separately, Chetna Agarwal, the wife of one of our Promoters, Dinesh Chandra Agarwal, served as the Senior Manager – Finance of our Company from February 11, 2009 until August 30, 2010. We failed to seek prior approval for payment of her remuneration from our shareholders and from the GoI, as required by the Companies Act 1956 read with the Director’s Relatives (Office or Place of Profit) Rules, 2003. Our waiver applications filed with the GoI were rejected and Chetna Agarwal refunded the excess remuneration paid to her during her tenure. 

If we fail to obtain any of these approvals or licenses, or renewals thereof, in a timely manner, or at all, our business may be adversely affected. In addition, in the event that we are unable to comply with applicable laws in the future, we may be subject to fines, penalties or other prosecution proceedings, which may negatively affect our brand, reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_29. We have in the past been and may in the future be exposed to legal claims such as infringement, misappropriation, breach of privacy, defamation, or negligence which, if determined adversely against us, could cause us to pay significant damages._** 

The essence of our business model is the aggregation and distribution of third-party data on the Internet. Independent listing and creation of storefronts by non-paying suppliers and our use of third-party information, such as for the creation of supplier storefronts on IndiaMART as part of our supplier acquisition initiatives, exposes us to legal claims such as infringement or misappropriation of intellectual property, breach of privacy, defamation, or negligence. Third parties may in the future collect information from our marketplace and start platforms displaying the same or similar information. For instance, an FIR has been filed against Dinesh Chandra Agrawal, our Managing Director, Brijesh Kumar Agrawal, our whole Director and certain KMPs and senior employees of our Company alleging that our marketplace displayed certain details about a supplier without the proprietor’s prior permission, resulting in a loss to such proprietor’s firm. We may also be subject to other claims alleging that we provide inaccurate, false or misleading information. As we continue to increase our user base and expand our business, and as litigation becomes more common, we face a higher risk of being the subject of such claims. The validity and scope of any claims against us relating to intellectual property rights involve complex legal and factual questions and analyses and, therefore, the outcome may be uncertain. For further details, see “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation against our Company – Criminal proceedings_** ” on page 462. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully defend any third-party claims and, regardless of the merits of the claim, such claims may significantly divert our efforts and resources to litigate or settle. In addition, in the event of an adverse outcome in any such claims, we may be required to pay substantial monetary damages or discontinue products, services or practices which may infringe or violate the intellectual property which is the subject of the claim. As a result, our brand and reputation may suffer and we may be restricted from pursuing some or all of our business, any of which may cause our suppliers and buyers to reduce their use of our services and products. This, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

There is also no assurance that our online marketplace listings will remain up-to-date and accurate. We may be made party to the claims made by buyers or other visitors to our marketplace, in the event the contents of the product listings provided by our suppliers and our advertisers on our online marketplace are incorrect or misleading, or in the event that the verifications provided under our TrustSEAL program are found to be inaccurate. We may need to incur significant costs and resources to investigate and defend these claims, regardless of the outcome. In addition, implementing stricter measures to reduce exposure to such liability or to limit the information collated and provided by our services may result in our online marketplace being less attractive to our suppliers and paid advertisers, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_30. We accept a wide variety of non-cash payment methods on IndiaMART, which subjects us to related risks._** 

We accept payment on IndiaMART for our services through a variety of non-cash methods. For certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time, 

37 

raising our operating costs and lowering our revenue. We are also subject to various rules, regulations and requirements, regulatory or otherwise, governing electronic funds transfers and payment systems, which could change or be reinterpreted in a manner that makes it difficult or impossible for us to comply. If we or our thirdparty payment gateway operators fail to comply with these rules or requirements, we may be subject to fines and higher transaction fees and lose our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from users, process electronic funds transfers or facilitate other types of online payments, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 

# **_31. We are exposed to risks associated with online security and fraud._** 

The secure transmission of confidential information over the Internet and telephone is essential to maintaining our buyers’ and suppliers’ confidence in us. Security breaches, whether instigated internally or externally on our system or other Internet-based systems, could significantly harm our business. While we use secure transmission protocols on our marketplace including data encryption methods, application-level security and token-based authentication and authorization, we may not be able to prevent security breaches involving the confidential information of our suppliers and buyers, including any breaches with regards to transactions from our payment services. In order to enable payments on our marketplace, we have integrated the services of third-party payment solution providers, and we re-direct our users to those services to make payments and complete their transactions. There can be no assurance that transmissions of data through our third-party providers will be protected from security breaches. Even if we choose to deploy secure transmission protocols on our marketplace in the future, our implementation efforts may require significant additional costs or be unsuccessful, and a new set of protocols may not prevent all security breaches. 

Our suppliers and buyers, as well as users of other online commerce companies, have been and will continue to be targeted by parties using fraudulent “phishing” emails to misappropriate passwords, financial information and other private information or to introduce viruses to our online visitors’ computers. Furthermore, our business may be adversely affected by malicious and other third-party software applications that make changes to our online visitors’ computers or interfere with the use of our online marketplace. These software applications, including “spyware” and “pop-ups”, may harm our buyer experience by hijacking queries to our online marketplace, altering or replacing our search results or otherwise interfering with the ability of our suppliers and buyers to use our online marketplace. Third parties may also misuse our platforms to send spam messages to our suppliers and buyers, which may motivate them to stop using our marketplace. Spam that can be traced to our servers not only exposes us to liability but also poses the threat of legitimate emails originating from our servers being blocked by anti-spam monitoring services or tools. We cannot assure you that our network security measures will detect or prevent security breaches that could harm our business. 

We also have agreements with certain companies that process credit card and pre-paid instrument transactions for suppliers and buyers on IndiaMART. However, under certain circumstances we may be liable for accepting fraudulent credit cards. We may also be subject to other payment disputes with buyers for such sales. If we are unable to combat the use of fraudulent credit cards, our revenue from such sales could be susceptible to demands from the relevant banks and credit card processing companies, and our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

Finally, there can be no assurance that the confidential information of our suppliers and buyers will be protected on third-party payment gateways. 

# **_32. The insurance policies we maintain may be insufficient to cover future costs and losses the incurrence or magnitude of which are unforeseen or unpredictable._** 

We maintain insurance which we believe is typical in our industry in India and in amounts which we believe to be commercially appropriate for a variety of risks, including fire and special perils policy to cover risks such as fire and natural calamities, burglary and housebreaking policy, and an all-risks policy for our office equipment. We also maintain employees’ deposit-linked insurance and directors and officers liability policies and group personal accident insurance, group mediclaim and group term insurance policies in respect of our employees. However, such insurance may not be adequate to cover all losses or liabilities that may arise from our operations, particularly when the loss suffered is not easily quantifiable. Our insurance policies contain exclusions and limitations on coverage, as a result of which, we may not be able to successfully assert our claims for any liability or loss under the said insurance policies. Additionally, there may be various other risks and losses for which we are not insured because such risks are either uninsurable or not insurable on commercially acceptable terms. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that in the future we will be able maintain insurance of the types or at 

38 

levels which we deem necessary or adequate or at premiums which we deem to be commercially acceptable. The occurrence of an event for which we are not insured, where the loss is in excess of insured limits occurs or where we are unable to successfully assert insurance claims from losses, could result in uninsured liabilities. Further, despite such uninsured losses we may remain obligated for any financial indebtedness or other obligations related to our business. Any such uninsured losses or liabilities could result in an adverse effect on our business operations, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_33. We will continue to be controlled by our Promoters and certain members of Promoter Group after the Offer._** 

As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters and certain members of Promoter Group together hold an aggregate of 57.58% of our outstanding Equity Shares. After the completion of the Offer, our Promoters and members of our Promoter Group will continue to hold a significant portion of our issued, subscribed and paid up Equity Shares, which will allow them to control the outcome of the matters submitted to our Shareholders for approval. Our Promoters and certain members of Promoter Group will have the ability to exercise control over us and certain matters which include appointment of Directors, our business strategy and policies and approval of significant corporate transactions such as mergers, consolidations, asset acquisitions and sales and business combinations. The extent of their shareholding in us may also delay, prevent or deter a change in control, even if such a transaction is beneficial to our other shareholders. It may deprive our other shareholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their Equity Shares as part of a sale of our Company and may reduce the price of our Equity Shares. The interests of our Promoters and Promoter Group as our controlling shareholders could also conflict with our interest or the interests of our other shareholders. We cannot assure you that our Promoters and Promoter Group will act to resolve any conflicts of interest in our favor, and they may take actions that are not in our best interest or that of our other shareholders. These actions may be taken even if they are opposed by our other Shareholders, including those who have purchased Equity Shares in this Offer. See “ **_Our Promoters and Promoter Group_** ” on page 198 for more information. 

**_34. We may undertake investments, acquisitions, licensing arrangements and partnerships which may not be successful and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

As part of our growth strategy, we intend to selectively identify and acquire businesses, assets and technologies that are complementary to our business through investments, acquisitions, licensing arrangements and partnerships. These transactions could require that our management develop expertise in new areas, manage new business relationships and attract new types of customers. Furthermore, these transactions may require significant attention from our management, and the diversion of our management’s attention and resources could have a material adverse effect on our ability to manage our business. We may also experience difficulties integrating any investments, acquisitions, licensing arrangements or partnerships into our existing business and operations. Future transactions may also expose us to potential risks, including risks associated with: 

- our inexperience in completing investments in or acquisitions of other businesses; 

- the integration of new operations, services and personnel; 

- the diversion of resources from our existing businesses and technologies; 

- potential loss of, or harm to, relationships with employees or suppliers and buyers on our online marketplace; and 

- unforeseen or hidden liabilities. 

Any of these risks could significantly disrupt our ability to manage our business and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_35. Our Promoters and certain of our Directors and key management personnel (“KMP”) have interests in us other than reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration or benefits._** 

Our Promoters and certain of our Directors and KMPs may be regarded as having interests in our Company other than normal remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses incurred. Our Directors and Promoters, Dinesh Chandra Agarwal and Brijesh Kumar Agrawal, may be deemed to be interested to the extent of Equity 

39 

Shares held by them and by members of our Promoter Group and our Directors, Rajesh Sawhney, Vivek Narayan Gour and Dhruv Prakash are deemed to be interested to the extent of Equity Shares held by them, as well as to the extent of any dividends, bonuses or other distributions on such Equity Shares. Further, our Promoters may also be deemed to be interested to the extent that our Company has leased certain premises from MEPL, our Group Company and a member of our Promoter Group, pursuant to which lease rental payments are made by our Company to MEPL. Additionally, our Company has entered into a service agreement with Dhruv Prakash, our non-executive Director, pursuant to which he provides management consultancy and leadership development training services for the senior management of our Company, in lieu of a service fee payable to him and reimbursement of travel expenses. For more information, see “ **_Our Management—Interest of our Directors_** ” and “ **_Our Promoters and Promoter Group —Interest of our Promoters_** ” on pages 190 and 198, respectively. 

**_36. We have entered into, and will continue to enter into, related party transactions which may not always enable us to achieve the most favourable terms._** 

In the ordinary course of our business, we enter into and will continue to enter into transactions with related parties. For instance, we have entered into lease agreements for certain premises with our Group Company, MEPL, pursuant to which we are required to pay monthly rent payments to MEPL. While we believe that all such related party transactions that we have entered into are legitimate business transactions conducted on an arms’ length basis, there can be no assurance that we could not have achieved more favorable terms had such arrangements not been entered into with related parties. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that these or any future related party transactions that we may enter into, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. Further, any future transactions with our related parties could potentially involve conflicts of interest which may be detrimental to our Company. There can be no assurance that our Directors and executive officers will be able to address these conflicts of interests or others in an impartial manner. For further details regarding our related party transactions, see “ **_Related Party Transactions_** ” on page 204. 

**_37. All of the offices from which we operate, including our registered office and corporate office are leased or occupied by us pursuant to co-working arrangements. If some of these leases or service agreements, in particular for our registered office and corporate office, are terminated or not renewed on favorable terms or at all, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected._** 

The premises on which our registered office at New Delhi and our corporate office at Noida, Uttar Pradesh are situated have been leased to us. The lease agreement in respect of our registered office is valid until July 14, 2023 and includes a provision for renewal, and the lease agreements in respect of our corporate office are valid until September 30, 2019 and June 11, 2022. In addition, as on May 31, 2019, we have taken on lease the premises on which 69 of our other operational offices are located and occupy one of our offices as a co-working space. Of these, as on date, the lease agreements for two of our offices have expired and are under renewal. Additionally, we are in the process of finalizing a lease agreement for a property situated in Noida, Uttar Pradesh and we may, in the future, move our corporate office to such new premises. We have also entered into service/lease agreements for setting up new offices, which are not presently operational. We have also been granted a 90-year land allotment and an extension to develop a new business site for our operations by the New Okhla Industrial Development Authority in Uttar Pradesh, which may cancel our allotment if construction does not commence before October 2019, or may not further extend the construction timeline. If any of these leases or allotment are terminated for any reason or are not renewed on favorable terms or at all, we may suffer a material disruption in our operations or increased costs, or both, which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_38. We may be subject to vicarious product liability claims for defective products or may be subject to fines and penalties for products sourced from or sold through our online marketplace._** 

Although we have not been exposed to product liability claims as no sale and purchase of goods is taking place on our online marketplace, we may be exposed to vicarious product liability claims relating to personal injury, death, property or other damage in the event that products sourced or sold by the suppliers listed on our online marketplace are defective or fail to function as intended or expected. 

In addition, our suppliers may use our online marketplace to list products, the sale of which are prohibited, banned or subject to regulation, such as licensing requirements. For example, under the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940, (the “ **Drugs Act** ”) and central and state excise statutes, the sale, exhibition, distribution or offering for sale of drugs (as defined under the Drugs Act) or alcohol are both subject to stringent regulation, including requirements 

40 

to obtain applicable approvals and licenses from the relevant authorities. If such products were listed on our online marketplace, we may be perceived by the relevant authorities to be carrying on such activities without obtaining the requisite approvals or licenses, which may subject us to fines, penalties or legal proceedings. 

Although suppliers on IndiaMART assume liability and agree to indemnify us under subscription and other agreements that we enter with them, these contractual protections may not shield us from all potential liability. We may be required to spend significant money and divert personnel and management attention away from other priorities to resolve these types of claims. If we are unable to defend against such claims, and even if we are successful, our reputation may be harmed and our business disrupted. As a result, our expenses may increase, our revenues may decline, and our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely impacted. 

# **_39. Contingent liabilities that have not been provided for could adversely affect our financial condition._** 

As of March 31, 2019, we had contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37. For further details regarding contingent liabilities, see “ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_** ” and “ **_Restated Financial Statements–Restated Consolidated Financial Statements_** _”_ on pages 440 and 324, respectively. 

Our contingent liabilities may become actual liabilities. In the event that any of our contingent liabilities materialize, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will not incur similar or increased levels of contingent liabilities in the current fiscal year or in the future. 

**_40. We may not pay cash dividends on our Equity Shares. Consequently, you may not receive any return on investment unless you sell your Shares for a price greater than that which you paid for it._** 

Whether we will pay dividends in the future and the amount of any such dividends, if declared, will depend on a number of factors, including our future earnings, financial condition and performance, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and other factors considered relevant by our directors and shareholders. We may decide to retain all of our earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business and, therefore, may not declare dividends on our Equity Shares. Our ability to pay dividends may also be restricted under certain financing arrangements that we may enter into. There can be no assurance that we will, or have the ability to, declare and pay any dividends on the Equity Shares at any point in the future. 

**_41. Our Company has issued Equity Shares in the last 12 months at a price that may be lower than the Offer Price._** 

Our Company issued (i) 1,775,455 Equity Shares to Intel Capital (Mauritius), Limited (“ **Intel** ”), 966,068 Equity Shares to Amadeus IV DPF Limited (“ **Amadeus** ”), 185,902 Equity Shares to Accion Frontier Inclusion Mauritius (“ **AFIM** ”) and 947,120 Equity Shares to Westbridge Crossover Fund LLC (“ **Westbridge** ”) on conversion of CCPS held by them, respectively; and (ii) an aggregate of 819,738 Equity Shares on exercise of stock options held by our employees and Directors. There can be no assurance that the issue price of these Equity Shares will not be lower than the Offer Price. 

# **_42. Our Company will not receive any proceeds from this Offer._** 

The Offer comprises of an offer for sale of up to 3,320,753 Equity Shares by the Investor Selling Shareholders, 1,430,109 Equity Shares by the Promoter Selling Shareholders and 137,000 Equity Shares by the Other Selling Shareholders. The proceeds from the Offer (net of applicable expenses) will be paid to Selling Shareholders, in proportion of the respective portion of the Offered Shares transferred pursuant to the Offer, and our Company will not receive any such proceeds. 

Further, 1,430,109 Equity Shares being offered and sold by the Promoter Selling Shareholders comprise 852,453 Equity Shares and 577,656 Equity Shares by Dinesh Chandra Agarwal, our Promoter and Managing Director and Brijesh Kumar Agrawal, our Promoter and whole-time Director, respectively, in the Offer for Sale and accordingly, they will receive the proceeds of the sale of such Equity Shares. 

# **EXTERNAL RISKS** 

41 

**_43. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within six Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

**_44. We are not, and do not intend to become, regulated as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act and related rules._** 

We have not been and do not intend to become registered as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “ **U.S. Investment Company Act** ”). Accordingly, unlike registered investment companies, we will not be subject to the vast majority of the provisions of the U.S. Investment Company Act, including provisions that require investment companies to have a majority of disinterested directors, provide limitations on leverage and limit transactions between investment companies and their affiliates. None of these protections or restrictions is or will be applicable to us. 

If we were to become subject to the U.S. Investment Company Act because of a change of law or otherwise, the various restrictions imposed by the U.S. Investment Company Act, and the substantial costs and burdens of compliance therewith, could adversely affect our operating results and financial performance. Moreover, parties to a contract with an entity that has improperly failed to register as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act may be entitled to cancel or otherwise void their contracts with the unregistered entity, and shareholders in that entity may be entitled to withdraw their investment. 

We are relying on the exemption provided by Section 3(c)(7) of the U.S. Investment Company Act to avoid being required to register as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act and related rules. In order to help ensure compliance with the exemption provided by Section 3(c)(7) of the U.S. Investment Company Act, our Company has implemented restrictions on the ownership and transfer of Equity Shares by any persons acquiring our Equity Shares in Offer who are in the United States or who are U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the U.S. Securities Act), which may materially affect your ability to transfer our Equity Shares. See “ **_Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Eligibility and Transfer Restrictions_** ” on page 480. 

# **_45. U.S. regulation of investment activities may negatively affect the ability of banking entities to purchase our Equity Shares._** 

The Volcker Rule generally prohibits certain “banking entities” from engaging in proprietary trading, or from acquiring or retaining an “ownership interest” in (as defined therein), sponsoring or having certain relationships with “covered funds”, unless pursuant to an exclusion or exemption under the Volcker Rule. As we are relying on an analysis that our Company does not come within the definition of an “investment company” under the U.S. Investment Company Act because of the exception provided under section 3(c)(7) thereunder, our Company may be considered a "covered fund" for purposes of the Volcker Rule. The following would be considered a "banking entity" subject to the Volcker Rule: (i) any U.S. insured depository institution, (ii) any company that controls an U.S. insured depository institution, (iii) any non-U.S. company that is treated as a bank holding company for purposes of Section 8 of the International Banking Act of 1978 (i.e., a non-U.S. company that maintains a branch, agency or commercial lending office in the U.S.) and (iv) any affiliate or subsidiary of any of the foregoing under the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act, other than a covered fund that is not itself a banking entity under clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above. 

There may be limitations on the ability of “banking entities” to purchase or retain our Equity Shares in the absence of an applicable Volcker Rule exemption. Consequently, depending on market conditions and the banking entity status of potential purchasers of our Equity Shares from time to time, the Volcker Rule restrictions could negatively affect the liquidity and market value of our Equity Shares. 

42 

Each investor must make its own determination as to whether it is a “banking entity” subject to the Volcker Rule and, if applicable, the potential impact of the Volcker Rule on its ability to purchase or retain our Equity Shares. Investors are responsible for analyzing their own regulatory position and none of our Company, the Managers or any other person connected with the Offer makes any representation to any prospective investor or holder of our Equity Shares regarding the treatment of our Company under the Volcker Rule, or to such investor’s investment in the our Company at any time in the future. 

# **_46. Certain withholding requirements may be imposed on payments on our Equity Shares under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act._** 

Provisions under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the “Code”, and U.S. Treasury Regulations thereunder, commonly referred to as “ **FATCA** ” (subject to the proposed U.S. Treasury regulations discussed below), may impose 30% withholding on certain “withholdable payments” and “foreign passthru payments” (each as defined in the Code) made by a “foreign financial institution” (as defined in the Code) that has entered into an agreement with the IRS to perform certain diligence and reporting obligations with respect to the foreign financial institution’s U.S.-owned accounts (each such foreign financial institution, a “ **Participating Foreign Financial Institution** ”). To the extent payments on the Equity Shares are considered foreign passthru payments, such withholding may be imposed on payments on the Equity Shares made by us (if we are treated as a foreign financial institution) or other intermediary that is a Participating Foreign Financial Institution to any foreign financial institution (including an intermediary through which an investor may hold the Equity Shares) that is not a Participating Foreign Financial Institution or any other investor who does not provide information sufficient to establish that the investor is not subject to withholding under FATCA, unless such foreign financial institution or investor is otherwise exempt from FATCA. Under current guidance, the term “foreign passthru payment” is not defined and it is therefore not clear whether or to what extent payments on the Equity Shares would be considered foreign passthru payments, although IRS guidance has indicated that the definition of “foreign passthru payment” is intended to cover payments that are attributable to underlying U.S. source income. Under recently proposed U.S. Treasury regulations, any withholding on foreign passthru payments on the Equity Shares would apply to foreign passthru payments made on or after the date that is two years after the date of publication in the Federal Register of applicable final regulations defining foreign passthru payments. Taxpayers generally may rely on these proposed regulations until final regulations are issued India and the United States have entered into an intergovernmental agreement that modifies the FATCA regime described above in certain respects. It is not yet clear how the intergovernmental agreements will address foreign passthru payments. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the potential impact of FATCA, or any intergovernmental agreement or non-U.S. legislation implementing FATCA, on their investment in our Equity Shares. 

# **RISKS RELATING TO INDIA** 

# **_47. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of corporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. 

For instance, the Government of India has implemented a comprehensive national goods and services tax (“ **GST** ”), regime with effect from July 1, 2017 that contains multiple taxes and levies by the Central and State Governments into a unified rate structure. While the Government of India and certain state governments have announced that all committed incentives will be protected following the implementation of the GST, given that the various rules and regulations regarding the new regime are being evaluated in terms of various implications concerning the GST, we cannot provide you with any assurance as to this or any other aspect of the tax regime following implementation of the GST including anti-profiteering regulations of the new tax regime and availability of input tax credit (“ **ITC** ”). 

In addition, the General Anti-Avoidance Rules (“ **GAAR** ”) became effective from April 1, 2017. The tax consequences of the GAAR provisions being applied to an arrangement could result in the denial of tax benefits to an arrangement, among other consequences. In the absence of any such precedents on the subject, the application of these provisions is uncertain. If the GAAR provisions are made applicable to our Company, it may have an adverse tax impact on us. 

43 

Further, while no law, regulation or policy has been adopted as on date, the Government of India in July 2018, published the Personal Data Protection Bill, 2018, which provides for a framework for protection of personal data and seeks to, among others, lay down norms for cross-border transfer of personal data, define the scope of the definition of personal data and ensure the accountability of entities processing personal data. Any such laws, if they come into force, could impose restrictions on our operations and increase our compliance costs. 

Unfavorable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

# **_48. Significant differences exist between Ind AS, Indian GAAP, U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which may be material to investors’ assessments of our financial condition._** 

The Restated Ind AS Consolidated Summary Statements for fiscals 2017, 2018 and 2019 included in this Red Herring Prospectus have been prepared in accordance with Ind AS notified under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013, read together with Rule 3 of the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 and as amended from time to time and restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL/CIR/P/2016/47 dated March 31, 2016; and the Restated Indian GAAP Consolidated Summary Statements for fiscals 2015 and 2016 included in this Red Herring Prospectus have been prepared in accordance with Indian GAAP notified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 and read together with paragraph 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules 2014, Companies (Accounting Standards) Amendment Rules, 2016 and restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL/CIR/P/2016/47 dated March 31, 2016. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP or IFRS. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS and Indian GAAP. Accordingly, the degree to which the Ind AS and Indian GAAP financial statements, which are restated as per SEBI ICDR Regulations included in this Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited. 

We have prepared our financial statements for Fiscal 2018 and Fiscal 2019 in accordance with Ind AS. Given that Ind AS is different in many respects from Indian GAAP under which our financial statements were historically prepared, our financial statements prepared after the adoption of Ind AS may not be comparable to our historical financial statements that were prepared under Indian GAAP. 

**_49. It may not be possible for you to enforce any judgment obtained outside India, including in the United States, against our Company or any of our directors and officers that are resident in India, except by way of a suit in India on such judgment._** 

We are incorporated under the laws of India and all of our Directors and executive officers reside in India. Furthermore, all of our Company’s assets are located in India. As a result, you may be unable to: 

- effect service of process in jurisdictions outside India, including in the United States, upon our Company; or 

- enforce in Indian courts judgments obtained in courts of jurisdictions outside India against our Company, including judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of jurisdictions outside India. 

Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13 and Section 44A of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908, which provide that a suit must be brought in India within three years from the date of the judgment sought to be enforced. 

44 

It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Moreover, it is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages to the extent awarded in a final judgment rendered outside India if it believes that the amount of damages awarded were excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain the prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered. 

# **_50. Government regulation of foreign ownership of Indian securities may have an adverse effect on the price of the Equity Shares._** 

Foreign ownership of Indian securities is subject to GoI regulation. In accordance with foreign exchange regulations currently in effect in India, under certain circumstances the RBI must approve the sale of the Equity Shares from a non-resident of India to a resident of India or vice-versa if the sale does not meet certain requirements specified by the RBI. Additionally, any person who seeks to convert the Rupee proceeds from any such sale into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India is required to obtain a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. As provided in the foreign exchange controls currently in effect in India, the RBI has provided that the price at which the Equity Shares are transferred be calculated in accordance with internationally accepted pricing methodology for the valuation of shares at an arm’s length basis, and a higher (or lower, as applicable) price per share may not be permitted. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other government agency can be obtained on terms favorable to a non-resident investor in a timely manner or at all. Because of possible delays in obtaining requisite approvals, investors in the Equity Shares may be prevented from realizing gains during periods of price increase or limiting losses during periods of price decline. 

# **_51. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets_** 

The Indian market and economy is influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including, but not limited to, the conditions in the United States, Europe and certain economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia and elsewhere in the world in recent years has affected the Indian economy. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and its business. 

Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby impact the Indian economy. Financial disruptions in the future could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

The global credit and equity markets have experienced substantial dislocations, liquidity disruptions and market corrections. In Europe, the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union, and any prolonged period of uncertainty which results, could have a significant negative impact on international markets. These could include further falls in stock exchange indices and/or greater volatility of markets in general due to the increased uncertainty. These and other related events could have a significant impact on the global credit and financial markets as a whole, and could result in reduced liquidity, greater volatility, widening of credit spreads and a lack of price transparency in the global credit and financial markets. 

There are also concerns that a tightening of monetary policy in emerging markets and some developed markets will lead to a moderation in global growth. In particular, there are rising concerns of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy, and China is one of India’s major trading partners. Such factors might also result in a slowdown in India’s export growth momentum. 

In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, have implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term impact of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have had the intended stabilizing effects. Any significant financial disruption in the future could have an adverse effect on our cost of funding, loan portfolio, business, future financial performance and the trading price of the Equity Shares. Adverse economic developments overseas in countries where we have operations could have a material adverse impact on us and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

**_52. Natural disasters, epidemics, terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war could have a negative effect on the Indian economy and cause our business to suffer._** 

45 

India has experienced natural calamities such as earthquakes, tsunami, floods and drought in the past few years. The extent and severity of these natural disasters determines their effect on the Indian economy. Further, terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

**_53. Any downgrading of India’s debt rating by an international rating agency could have a negative impact on our business._** 

India’s sovereign debt rating could be downgraded due to various factors, including changes in tax or fiscal policy or decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves, which are outside our control. Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by domestic or international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise financing, and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing may be available. This could have an adverse effect on our business and future financial performance, our ability to obtain financing for capital expenditures and the trading price of our Equity Shares. 

**_54. You may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on sale of Equity Shares. Recently, the Finance Act, 2018 levied taxes on such long term capital gains exceeding ₹100,000 arising from sale of Equity Shares on or after April 1, 2018, while continuing to exempt the unrealized capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on such Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Previously, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares on or before March 31, 2018 on a stock exchange held for more than 12 months was not subject to long term capital gains tax in India if Securities Transaction Tax (“ **STT** ”) was paid on the sale transaction and additionally, as stipulated by the Finance Act, 2017, STT had been paid at the time of acquisition of such equity shares on or after October 1, 2004, except in the case of such acquisitions of Equity Shares which are not subject to STT, as notified by the Central Government under notification no. 43/2017/F. No. 370142/09/2017-TPL on June 5, 2017. However, the Finance Act, 2018, now seeks to tax on such long term capital gains exceeding ₹ 100,000 arising from sale of equity shares on or after April 1, 2018, while continuing to exempt the unrealised capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on such Equity Shares. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of STT, on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

**_55. Our Statutory Auditors have included in the past certain modifications to some of the matters required to be included in accordance with the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2016 (“CARO”) and a matter of emphasis in the Restated Ind AS Unconsolidated Summary Statements in relation to certain fiscal years._** 

<mark>Our Statutory Auditors have included a matter of emphasis to the information required to be disclosed in the Restated Indian GAAP Unconsolidated Summary Statements pursuant to the auditor’s report issued for the financial year ended March 31, 2018 which does not require any corrective adjustment in our financial statement. The matter of emphasis is regarding the effect of scheme of arrangement to demerge the online business undertaking of Tolexo Online Private Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of our Company which has been transferred on a going concern basis to our Company and accounted for as prescribed in the scheme approved by the Honorable National Company Law Tribunal by an order dated October 11, 2017 effective from January 1, 2017, the appointed date, stating that the accounting treatment, while made pursuant to such scheme, was not in</mark> 

46 

<mark>compliance with the relevant accounting standard relating to business combination, Ind AS 103. Our Statutory Auditors’ opinion is not modified in respect of the said matter.</mark> 

<mark>Further, our Statutory Auditors have included certain modifications to the information required to be disclosed in the Restated Indian GAAP Consolidated Summary Statements, the Restated Ind AS Unconsolidated Summary Statements and the Restated Indian GAAP Unconsolidated Summary Statements pursuant to the CARO in relation to certain fiscals. These modifications relate to the auditor’s report issued under the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2016 on the consolidated financial statements of our Company as at and for the year ended March 31, 2015 and the audited unconsolidated financial statements of our Company as at and for the years ended March 31, 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018. For details, see “</mark> **_<mark>Financial Information</mark>_** <mark>” on page 206.</mark> 

<mark>We cannot assure you that our audit reports for any future fiscal periods will not contain qualifications, matters of emphasis, modifications or other observations which affect our business and results of operations.</mark> 

**_56. Our Company is subject to a new leasing standard viz, Ind AS 116 Leases, effective April 1, 2019._** 

On March 30, 2019, the Ministry of Company Affairs (“ **MCA** ”) has notified that Ind AS 116 will be effective for accounting periods beginning on or after April 1, 2019. The Group’s first quarterly interim financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2020 will be first financial statements issued in accordance with Ind AS 116. 

The new standard will require lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets. Lessees will use a single accounting model for all leases, with limited exemptions. 

<mark>An entity has an option to adopt Ind AS 116 using either the full retrospective method or the modified retrospective method. An entity that elects the modified retrospective method would apply Ind AS 116 retrospectively to only the current period by recognizing the cumulative effect of initially applying Ind AS 116 as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings (or other components of equity) at the date of initial application. Under the modified retrospective method, Ind AS 116 would be applied either to all contracts at the date of initial application or only to contracts that are not completed at this date. An entity will need to disclose how it applied the modified retrospective method.</mark> 

The Company is under process to evaluate the impacts of the new standard on financial statements. 

# **RISKS RELATING TO THIS OFFER AND INVESTMENTS IN OUR EQUITY SHARES** 

**_57. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and the Offer may not result in an active or liquid market for our Equity Shares. Further, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Indian Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for our Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for our Equity Shares. The Offer Price of our Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book-building process and may not be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of our Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of our Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in the Stock Exchanges and securities markets elsewhere in the world, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

**_58. Any future issuance of Equity Shares may dilute your shareholdings, and sales of our Equity Shares by our Promoters or other major shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares._** 

Any future equity issuances of Equity Shares or convertible securities or securities linked to the Equity Shares by us, including through the exercise of outstanding stock options, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company, adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and our ability to raise capital through an issue of our securities. In addition, any sales of substantial amounts of our Equity Shares in the public market after the completion of this Offer, including by our Promoters or other major shareholders, or the perception that such sales could occur, could adversely affect the market price of our Equity Shares and could 

47 

materially impair our future ability to raise capital through offerings of our Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that our Promoters and Promoter Group will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

**_59. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company in consultation with the BRLMs, and through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, including the basic and diluted earnings per share, price earnings ratio in relation to the Offer Price per Equity Share of the face value and return on net worth as described under “ **_Basis for Offer Price_** ” on page 117 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price and investors may not be able to re-sell Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price resulting in a loss of all or part of the investment. Further, our BRLMs have previously handled issues wherein the market price of the issued shares declined below the issue price of shares within 30 days of their listing and in certain cases continued to trade at a price lower than their listing price on the 180th day from listing. For details of the price information of the past issues handled by the BRLMs, see “ **_Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Price Information of past issues handled by the BRLMs_** ” on page 475. We cannot assure you that you will be able to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

**_60. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, the Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Equity Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the trading price of our Equity Shares and returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

**_61. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, 2013, a company incorporated in India must offer its equity shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting rights on such resolution. 

However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of our Equity Shares, your proportional interests in our Company may be reduced. 

**_62. We may be classified as a passive foreign investment company for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. holders of Equity Shares._** 

A non-U.S. corporation will be classified as a passive foreign investment company (a “ **PFIC** ”) for any taxable year if either: (a) at least 75% of its gross income is “passive income” for purposes of the PFIC rules or (b) at least 50% of the value of its assets (determined on the basis of a quarterly average) is attributable to assets that produce or are held for the production of passive income. Whether we are treated as a PFIC is a factual determination that is made on an annual basis after the close of each taxable year. This determination will depend on, among other things, the composition of our income and assets, as well as the value of our assets (which may fluctuate with our market capitalization), from time to time. Based on the composition of our income, assets (including their expected value) and operations, although not free from doubt, we expect that we will not be a PFIC for the current taxable year or in the foreseeable future. However, our PFIC status depends, in part, on the expected value of our goodwill, which could fluctuate significantly. Therefore, we may be classified as a PFIC for the current taxable year or for 

48 

any future taxable year. If we are treated as a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. investor held Equity Shares, such U.S. investor could be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. 

# **Prominent Notes:** 

- i) Initial public offer of up to 4,887,862 Equity Shares for cash at a price of ₹ [●] each, aggregating to ₹ [●] million, comprising an Offer for Sale of (i) up to 2,590,000 Equity Shares by Intel, up to 255,753 Equity Shares by Amadeus and up to 475,000 Equity Shares by AFIM, the Investor Selling Shareholders; (ii) up to 852,453 Equity Shares by Dinesh Chandra Agarwal and up to 577,656 Equity Shares by Brijesh Kumar Agrawal, the Promoter Selling Shareholders; and (iii) an aggregate of up to 137,000 Equity Shares by the Other Selling Shareholders. For details of the Other Selling Shareholders, see “ **_Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures_** ” on page 471. The Offer also includes an Employee Reservation Portion of up to 10,000 Equity Shares (which shall not exceed 5% of the post-Offer Equity Share capital of our Company). The Offer and the Net Offer shall constitute 16.99% and 16.95% of the post-Offer paid up Equity Share capital of our Company, respectively. 

- ii) As on March 31, 2019, our net worth was ₹ 1,598.88 million and ₹ 1,606.82 million as derived from our Restated IndAS Consolidated Summary Statements and our Restated IndAS Unconsolidated Summary Statements, respectively. See “ **_Restated Financial Statements_** ” on page 206. 

- iii) As on March 31, 2019, the net asset value per Equity Share was ₹ 55.92 and ₹ 56.20 as derived from our Restated IndAS Consolidated Summary Statements and our Restated IndAS Unconsolidated Summary Statements, respectively. See “ **_Restated Financial Statements_** ” on page 206. 

- iv) The average cost of acquisition per Equity Share for our Promoters/ Promoter Selling Shareholders as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus is: 

|**Name of Promoter/Promoter Selling Shareholder **|**Average cost of acquisition per Equity Share (₹)**<sup>*****</sup>|
|---|---|
|Dinesh Chandra Agarwal|8.50|
|Brijesh Kumar Agrawal|0.24|



> _*As certified by AARK & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants, by their certificate dated June 17_ , _2019._ 

For further details of our Promoters’ capital built-up, see “ **_Capital Structure_** ” on page 94. 

- v) The average cost of acquisition per Equity Share for our Investor Selling Shareholders as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus is: 

|**Name of Investor Selling Shareholder **|**Average cost of acquisition per Equity Share (₹)**<sup>*****</sup>|
|---|---|
|Intel Capital(Mauritius),Limited|178.86|
|Accion Frontier Inclusion Mauritius|385.00|
|Amadeus IV DPF Limited|385.00|



_*As certified by AARK & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants, by their certificate dated June 17, 2019._ 

- vi) There has been no financing arrangement whereby our Promoter Group, our Directors and their relatives, have financed the purchase by any other person of securities of our Company, other than in the ordinary course of the business of the financing entity, during the six months preceding the date of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

vii) The aggregate loans and advances given to related parties, as defined under IndAS 24, during the fiscals indicated below, and its value as a percentage of our net worth derived from our Restated IndAS Consolidated Summary Statements and Restated IndAS Unconsolidated Summary Statements are set forth below. 

|||_(except % da_<br>|_ta, ₹ in million)_<br>|
|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Fiscal**<br>**2019**|**Fiscal 2018**|**Fiscal 2017**|
|Net worth derived from Restated IndAS Unconsolidated Summary statement<br>of Assets and Liabilities|1,606.82|(3,122.74)|(2,531.28)|
|Net worth derived from Restated IndAS Consolidated Summary statement<br>of Assets and Liabilities|1,598.88|(3,212.69)|(3,900.46)|
|Loans to related parties (as defined under IndAS 24) derived from Restated|2.50|4.00|0.00|
|IndAS Unconsolidated summaryStatements||||



49 

|**Particulars**|**Fiscal**<br>**2019**|**Fiscal 2018**|**Fiscal 2017**|
|---|---|---|---|
|Loans to related parties (as defined under IndAS 24) derived from Restated|0.00<sup>***</sup>|0.00<sup>***</sup>|0.00|
|IndAS Consolidated summaryStatements||||
|Percentage of Restated Unconsolidated Net Worth(%)<sup>*</sup>|0.16%|(0.13)%|0.00%|
|Percentage of Restated Consolidated Net Worth(%)<sup>**</sup>|0.00%<sup>***</sup>|0.00%<sup>***</sup>|0.00%|



_* Loans to subsidiary as a percentage of net worth derived from our Restated IndAS Unconsolidated Summary Statements_ 

_** Loans to subsidiary as a percentage of net worth derived from our Restated IndAS Consolidated Summary Statements_ 

_***As the loan was extended by the Company to its wholly owned Subsidiary (Tolexo Online Private Limited), the said inter-company loan is eliminated in the Restated IndAS Consolidated Summary Statements of the Company._ 

_Net worth includes equity share capital and other equity (including share premium, general reserve, employee share based payment reserve, capital reserve and retained earnings)_ 

The aggregate loans and advances given to related parties, as defined under AS 18, during the fiscals indicated below and its value as a percentage of our net worth derived from our Restated Indian GAAP Consolidated Summary Statements and Restated Indian GAAP Unconsolidated Summary Statements are set forth below. 

||_(except _<br>|_% data, ₹ in million)_<br>|
|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Fiscal 2016**|**Fiscal 2015**|
|Net worth derived from Restated Indian GAAP Unconsolidated Summary<br>statement of Assets and Liabilities|83.15|(811.33)|
|Net worth derived from Restated Indian GAAP Consolidated Summary<br>statement of Assets and Liabilities|(772.89)|(939.82)|
|Loans to related parties (as defined under AS 18) derived from Restated|0.00|0.00|
|Indian GAAP Unconsolidated summaryStatements|||
|Loans to related parties (as defined under AS 18) derived from Restated|0.00|0.00|
|Indian GAAP Consolidated summaryStatements|||
|Percentage of Restated Unconsolidated Net Worth(%)|0.00%|0.00%|
|Percentage of Restated Consolidated Net Worth(%)|0.00%|0.00%|



_Net worth includes equity share capital, preference share capital and reserves and surplus (including securities premium, general reserve and surplus in statement of profit and loss_ 

- viii) For details of transactions between our Company, Subsidiaries and Group Company during the fiscal 2019, including the nature and cumulative value of the transactions, see “ **_Related Party Transactions_** ” on page 204. 

- ix) For information regarding the business or other interests of our Group Company in our Company, see “ **_Our Group Company_** ” and “ **_Related Party Transactions_** ” on pages 202 and 204, respectively. 

- x) There has been no change in the name of our Company at any time during the last three years immediately preceding the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Bidders may contact any of the BRLMs who have submitted the due diligence certificate to the SEBI, for any complaint pertaining to the Offer. 

50 

