# **SECTION III – RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of financial risk. You should carefully consider all information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risk factors set forth below do not purport to be complete or comprehensive in terms of all the risk factors that may arise in connection with our business or any decision to purchase, own or dispose off the Equity Shares. This section addresses general risks associated with the industry in which we operate and specific risks associated with our Company. Any of the following risks, as well as the other risks and uncertainties discussed in this Red Herring Prospectus, could have a material adverse effect on our business and could cause the trading price of our Equity Shares to decline and you may lose all or part of your investment._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. We have described the risks and uncertainties that our management believes are material, but these risks and uncertainties may not be the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties, including those we are not aware of or deem immaterial, may also result in decreased revenues, increased expenses or other events that could result in a decline in the value of our Equity Shares. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of our Company and the Offer, including the merits and risks involved. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section. Investors are advised to read the risk factors carefully before taking an investment decision in this Offer. Investors should not invest in this Offer unless they are prepared to accept the risk of losing all or part of their investment, and they should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in the Equity Shares._ 

_To obtain a better understanding of our business, you should read this section in conjunction with other chapters of this Red Herring Prospectus, including the chapters titled “Our Business”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”, “Industry Overview “and “Financial Information” on page nos. 156, 337, 114 and 231 respectively of this Red Herring Prospectus, together with all other financial information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_Unless otherwise stated, the financial data in this chapter is derived from our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements for the three months period ended June 30, 2024 and financial years ended March 31, 2024, March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 as included in “Financial Information” on page no. 231 of this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

**_1. We derive a significant portion of our revenue from the sale of tractors (approximately 52.16%) & Pick & Carry cranes (Approximately 47.77%) during the Fiscal 2024 and any reduction in demand or in the manufacturing of such products could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our total revenue from sale of manufactured goods has grown in the last three years, from ₹ 3,308.67 million in FY 2022, ₹ 3,466.16 million in FY 2023 and ₹ 3,524.61 million in FY 2024. As of June 30, 2024, our total revenue for the current fiscal year stands at ₹ 695.43 million. We derive a significant portion of our revenue from tractor and Pick & Carry crane business. There is a clear trend in revenue from our tractor and crane segments over the last three years, as well as for the period ended June 30, 2024, with tractor sales consistently decreasing and crane sales consistently increasing. The product wise break up of our sale of goods is entailed below: 

_<u>(₹ in millions)</u>_ 

|**Particulars**||**FY 2021-2**|**2**<br>||**FY 2022-23**|<br>||**FY 2023-**|**24**<br>|**For**|**the perio**<br>**June 30, 2**<br>|**d ended**<br>**024**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Qty.**|**Amount**|**% of**<br>**Sales**|**Qty.**|**Amount**|**% of**<br>**Sales**|**Qty.**|**Amount**|**% of**<br>**Sales**|**Qty.**|**Amou**<br>**nt**|**% of**<br>**Sales**|
|**Tractors**|4,663|2,573.21|77.77%|3,772|2,268.92|65.46%|3,168|1,838.33|52.16%|471|299.48|43.06%|
|**Cranes**|449|721.26|21.80%|681|1,187.07|34.25%|941|1,683.76|47.77%|195|388.97|55.93%|
|**Others**|-|14.20|0.43%|-|10.17|0.29%|-|2.52|0.07%|-|6.98|1.00%|
|**Total Sale**<br>**of**<br>**Products**||**3,308.67**|**100.00%**||**3,466.16**|**100.00%**||**3,524.61**|**100.00%**||**695.43**|**100.00%**|



Demand for our tractors and farm equipment are dependent on various factors including but not limited to: 

- Monsoons and agriculture related natural factors which affects farmers discretionary incomes 

- Availability of credit to farmers 

27 

- Government incentives and policies governing tractors and farm equipments 

- Launch of newer technologies by competitors 

- Price and Discount Offerings by competitors 

- Brand Perception of our Tractors 

Demands for our Pick & Carry Cranes are dependent on various factors including but not limited to: 

- Level of Infrastructure development in the arears wherein we supply our cranes 

- Product Acceptance in other countries apart from India 

- Disposable Income of Small Infra Operators 

- Technological innovations in Infra field 

- Regulations w.r.t safety standards in Infra space 

- Price and Discount Offerings by competitors 

- Brand Perception of our Cranes 

Our failure to effectively react to these situations or to successfully introduce new products or services in these markets could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Any factor which affects the demand for our products would lead us to change our manufacturing as well as marketing strategies and set ups and could entail additional cost outlay and losses. Further, any materially adverse social, political or economic development, natural calamities, civil disruptions, regulatory developments or changes in the policies of the government could adversely affect our manufacturing and distribution activities, further resulting in modification of our business strategy, or require us to incur significant capital expenditure, which will in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The occurrence of, or our inability to effectively respond to, any unfavorable events or effectively manage the competition in the region, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and future business prospects. 

**_2. If we are not able to obtain, renew or maintain our statutory and regulatory licenses, registrations and approvals required to operate our business, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We require certain statutory and regulatory licenses, registrations, and approvals to operate our business, some of which our Company has either received, applied for, or is in the process of application. Further, in the future, we may also be required to obtain new licenses, registrations, and approvals for any proposed or upcoming projects, including any expansion of existing projects. 

Our Company submitted a renewal application on March 20, 2024, for obtaining the Consent to Operate under Section 25/26 of the Water (Prevention & Control of Pollution) Act, 1974, and under Section 21 of the Air (Prevention & Control of Pollution) Act, 1981, for the Foundry Unit. Due to additional queries raised by the Himachal Pradesh State Pollution Control Board, a revised application was submitted on May 21, 2024, which is pending as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. Additionally, the Company has applied for renewal of a No Objection Certificate regarding measures adopted for fire protection for the Foundry Unit, Crane Assembly Division, and Tractor Assembly Division, which are pending as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. For further details, see “Government and Other Statutory Approvals- Pending Approvals” on page 388 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Furthermore, the Company is yet to make an application for the certificate of Shops and Establishments under the Andhra Pradesh Shops and Establishments Act, 1988, for premises at Municipal Premises No. 27-3-215/2, Kolluri Complex, Jaggu Junction, Kamavanipalem, Old Gajuwaka, Vishakhapatnam-530044. This has been disclosed under “Government and Other Statutory Approvals- Application yet to be made” on page 388 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

The business operations of our Company are ongoing while the renewal of the Consent to Operate under Section 25/26 of the Water (Prevention & Control of Pollution) Act, 1974, and under Section 21 of the Air (Prevention & Control of Pollution) Act, 1981, for the Foundry Unit is pending. There can be no assurance that the relevant authorities will renew such licenses, registrations, and approvals in a timely manner or at all. Further, these licenses, registrations, and approvals are subject to several conditions, and we cannot assure that we will continuously meet such conditions or be able to prove compliance with such conditions to statutory authorities. This may lead to the cancellation, revocation, or suspension of the relevant licenses, approvals, and registrations. Failure by us to renew, maintain, or obtain the required licenses or approvals, or cancellation, suspension, or revocation of any of the 

28 

licenses, approvals and registrations may result in the interruption of our operations and may have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Additionally, the Company was recently made a party to a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) before the Hon’ble High Court of Himachal Pradesh (Civil Writ Petition Public Interest Litigation No. 70 of 2024) for alleged illegal disposal of waste and was directed to undertake restoration and rehabilitation work near River Ratta. The Company has filed a police complaint stating that the waste was dumped by unknown third parties on the land allotted to the Company. The Himachal Pradesh State Electricity Board (HPSEB) had temporarily disconnected power supply to the Foundry Division as a penal action, but the supply has since been restored after corrective actions were taken. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, the matter is pending, and the Company is yet to be served. For further details, see the chapter titled “Outstanding Litigations and Material Developments” beginning on page 375 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Except for this instance, no other action has been initiated against the Company for violations of environmental or other statutory regulations. We are subject to various Indian environmental laws and regulations, including those related to pollutant discharge, waste management, and contaminated site cleanup. As regulations become increasingly stringent, we may need to invest in environmental monitoring, pollution control equipment, and emissions management to ensure compliance. Non-compliance could result in severe consequences, including legal proceedings, regulatory fines, criminal sanctions, revocation of operating permits, and facility shutdowns. Furthermore, future environmental expenditures may vary substantially due to unanticipated regulatory developments, potentially impacting our business, results, and financial condition. We cannot assure you that our costs of complying with current and future environmental laws and other regulations will not adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Violations or non-compliance could also lead to substantial costs, market restrictions, and sanctions. The timing and amount of environmental costs are difficult to predict, adding uncertainty to our operational and financial outlook. 

# **_3. Our proposed expansion plans w.r.t our new manufacturing facilities being set up are subject to the risk of unanticipated delays in implementation and cost overruns._** 

We have made and intend to continue making investments to expand our manufacturing capacities to aid our growth efforts. We have proposed capacity expansion project for the Pick & Carry Crane segment which is to be set-up on land allotted to us on an leasehold basis on a total area of 1,21,406 Sq. mtr at Baddi, Dist Solan, Himachal Pradesh. The said facility was approved to be built vide board resolution dated January 27, 2023. The said plant shall have an estimated installed capacity of 3,600 Cranes p.a. 

The sales and capital utilization of the Pick & Carry Cranes for the period ended June 30, 2024 and last 3 financial years are as follows:- 

|**Particulars**|**Capacity (In Unit)**|**Production**<br>**(In Unit)**|<br>**Capacity utilization**<br>**(In %)**|_(No. of Units)_<br>**Sales**<br>**(In Unit)**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|FY 2021-22|720|484|67.22|449|
|FY 2022-23|720|679|94.31|681|
|FY 2023-24|970*|964|99.38|941|
|Period endedJune30,2024|320**|249|77.81|195|



_*We have increased our installed capacity from 720 units to 1,280 units during the Fiscal 2024. The proportionate installed capacity for the Fiscal 2024 is 970 units._ 

_** The proportionate installed capacity for the 3 months period is 320 units, based on installed capacity of 1,280 units._ 

Our Proposed expansion remains subject to the potential problems and uncertainties that new manufacturing projects face including delays in achieving production value/quality milestones and related design changes if any. Problems that could adversely affect our expansion plans include labour shortages, increased costs of equipment or manpower, land possession and land development related complications, inadequate performance of the equipment and machinery installed in our manufacturing facilities, defects in design or construction, the possibility of unanticipated future regulatory restrictions, delays in receiving governmental, statutory and other regulatory approvals, incremental pre-operating expenses, taxes and duties, interest and finance charges, working capital margin, environment and ecology costs and other external factors which may not be within the control of our management. If any incremental capital expenditures are required which significantly exceed our budgets, or even if our budgets were sufficient to 

29 

cover these projects, we may not be able to achieve the intended economic benefits of these projects, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. 

For further details, see chapter “Object of the Offer” beginning on page no. 89 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, in the event of any unanticipated delay in receipt of key approvals the growth plans of our company could suffer substantially. 

There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete the aforementioned expansion and additions in accordance with the proposed schedule of implementation and any delay could have an adverse impact on our growth, prospects, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_4. Average Capacity utilization for FY 2022 to FY 2024 is 32% for tractors and 87% for cranes. Under-utilization of our manufacturing capacities and an inability to effectively utilize our expanded manufacturing capacities could have an adverse effect on our business, future prospects and future financial performance._** 

We own and operate manufacturing facility in Baddi, Himachal Pradesh with an aggregate approved total installed capacity of 12,000 tractors and 1,280 cranes as of June 30, 2024, with average utilization for the Fiscal 2022 to Fiscal 2024, around 32% for tractors and is around 87% for cranes. Furthermore, for the three months ended June 30, 2024, our proportionate installed capacity is 3,000 tractors and 320 cranes, with utilization at 13.90% and 77.81%, respectively.Our manufacturing capacity utilization for tractors has remain low mainly because of (a) dependency upon the retail financing availability from banks and NBFCs for the tractors division, (b) Stiff competition from the major players and (c) Brand recognition due to lower business promotions & advertisement expenses.Our capacity utilization levels are dependent on our ability to carry out uninterrupted operations at manufacturing facility, the availability of raw materials, industry/ market conditions, as well as by the product requirements of, and procurement practice followed by, our customers. In the event we face prolonged disruptions at our facilities including due to interruptions in the supply of water, electricity or as a result of labour unrest, or are unable to procure sufficient raw materials, we would not be able to achieve full capacity utilization of our current manufacturing facility, resulting in operational inefficiencies which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

**_5. We have not yet placed orders in relation to the capital expenditure to be incurred for the proposed expansion project. In the event of any delay in placing the orders, or in the event the vendors are not able to provide the machines and equipments in a timely manner, or at all, may result in time and cost over-runs and our business, prospects and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

We intend to utilize portions of the Net Proceeds for funding capital expenditure requirements for our manufacturing facility located at Industrial Area, Malku Majra (near bhud) Tehsil Baddi, Dist. Solan, H.P. While we have procured quotations from various vendors in relation to the capital expenditure to be incurred for the proposed unit, we have not placed any firm orders for any of them. For details in respect of the foregoing, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 89 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Such quotations are valid for a certain period of time and may be subject to revisions, and other commercial and technical factors. We cannot assure you that we will be able to undertake such capital expenditure within the cost indicated by such quotations or that there will not be cost escalations. Further, the actual amount and timing of our future capital requirements may differ from our estimates as a result of, among other things, unforeseen delays or cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, engineering design changes and technological changes. 

In the event of any delay in placing the orders, or an escalation in the cost of acquisition of the equipment or in the event the vendors are not able to provide the equipment in a timely manner, or at all, we may encounter time and cost overruns for the Proposed Unit. Further, if we are unable to procure the requisite raw materials from the vendors from whom we have procured quotations, we cannot assure you that we may be able to identify alternative vendors to provide us with the raw materials which satisfy our requirements at acceptable prices. Our inability to procure the machinery and equipment at acceptable prices or in a timely manner may result in an increase in capital expenditure, the proposed schedule implementation and deployment of the Net Proceeds may be extended or may vary accordingly, thereby resulting in an adverse effect on our business, prospects and results of operations. 

**_6. The capacity expansion for the manufacturing of Pick & Carry cranes is based on the expected domestic demand in India, with no confirmed order book for the additional production, and our sales are concentrated primarily in India, making us vulnerable to market fluctuations, regulatory changes, and economic downturns_** 

Our Company is undertaking a significant expansion of our manufacturing capacity for Pick & Carry cranes, primarily to cater to the expected domestic demand in India. However, we do not have a confirmed order book for 

30 

the additional production capacity, and our sales projections are based on assumptions of sufficient demand in the Indian market. If the demand for Pick & Carry cranes in India does not materialize as expected, or if we face increased competition, we may not be able to fully utilize our expanded capacity, leading to: 

- Underutilization of assets and idle capacity 

- Significant financial losses due to increased fixed costs and reduced economies of scale 

- Potential write-downs or impairment of assets 

- Reduced profitability and cash flows 

- Increased debt levels and financial leverage 

As a result of our focus on the Indian market, our sales are heavily concentrated in India, which exposes us to risks such as market fluctuations, regulatory changes, and economic downturns. Due to high demand, we have already increased our installed capacity from 720 units to 1,280 units during Fiscal 2024. The proportionate installed capacity for the fiscal year 2024 is 970 units, and for the three months ended June 30, 2024, it is 320 units. 

The sales and capital utilization of Pick & Carry Cranes for the three months ended June 30, 2024, and the last three financial years are as follows: 

||**Capacity details of Pick an**|**d Carry cranes**||
|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|<br>**Installed (in Units)**|<br>**Utilised (in Units)**|**Utilised (in %)**|
|Period EndedJune30,2024|320|249|77.81%|
|2023-24|970|964|99.38%|
|2022-23|720|679|94.31%|
|2021-22|720|484|67.22%|



Currently, our installed capacity stands at 1,280 units, with plans to expand by an additional 3,600 units, bringing the total capacity to 4,880 units. However, our ability to sell the additional production capacity is subject to various market and economic factors, including changes in government policies, infrastructure development, and industrial activity, which are beyond our control. If we are unable to achieve the expected sales, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected. 

We are also dependent on direct sales to customers, with a significant portion of our sales derived from this channel. In the last three years, direct sales accounted for a large majority of our total revenue from crane sales. Specifically, direct sales accounted for 93.75% of our total revenue in FY 2021-22, 79.45% in FY 2022-23, 76.89% in FY 202324, and 53.00% for the period ended June 30, 2024. Dealer sales contributed the remaining portion, with dealer sales accounting for 6.25%, 20.55%, 23.11%, and 47.00% of our crane sales in these periods, respectively. 

Our total revenue from crane sales was ₹721.26 million in FY 2021-22, ₹1,187.07 million in FY 2022-23, ₹1,683.76 million in FY 2023-24, and ₹388.97 million for the period ended June 30, 2024. If we face difficulties in maintaining strong relationships with our direct customers or if our direct sales efforts are impacted, our sales and revenue may be negatively impacted. The geographic concentration of our sales and the dependency on direct sales channels pose risks to our business and financial performance, as we may not be able to diversify our sales across different regions or mitigate the impact of market downturns or regulatory changes in India. 

**_7. We have recorded low growth in Revenue and PAT margins in the last three Fiscals of our Company and our Subsidiary. Our PAT Margin for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, for Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022 were 3.27%, 4.16%, 4.15% and 3.90% respectively._** 

Our company has faced significant profitability challenges in the tractor industry over the last three fiscal years and continuing into the quarter ended June 30, 2024, characterized by persistently low growth in Revenue and Profit After Tax (PAT) margins. This underperformance is attributed to insufficient retail financing partnerships, limiting customer access to credit and hindering sales growth, inadequate economies of scale due to high overhead costs exacerbated by reduced tractor sales, and weakness in tractor market demand driven by agricultural sector volatility. 

The Revenue and PAT margins for the period ended June 2024 and last three fiscals, i.e., Fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 is as follows 

|||||_(₹ in millions)_|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Period ended June**<br>**2024**|**Fiscal 2024**|**Fiscal 2023**|**Fiscal 2022**|
|Revenue|749.59|3,752.32|3,707.59|3,520.84|
|PAT|24.54|155.95|153.72|137.19|
|PAT Margin|3.27%|4.16%|4.15%|3.90%|
|||31|||



In the event we fail to maintain our Revenue and PAT margins, it may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows 

**_8. Our ability to sell tractors is heavily dependent on financing support from Banks, NBFCs, and our subsidiary NBFC, which exposes us to risks related to financing availability, regulatory compliance, and operational performance of our subsidiary NBFC._** 

We are dependent on retail financing support from Banks, NBFCs, and our subsidiary NBFC for tractor sales. Tractors are primarily bought by farmers and the purchase decision is heavily dependent on availability of vehicle finance to such customers. Our tractor sales are substantially driven by financing options extended by our subsidiary Non-Banking Financial Company (NBFC), Barota Finance Limited. Additionally, out of the total sales, retail financing support from Banks and NBFCs are in the range of 50% to 70% depending upon case to case. Our inability to receive retail financing support from Banks and NBFCs, or any adverse impact on Barota Finance Limited's operations or business, could affect our ability to grow our sales and hence affect our results of operations and financial conditions. Barota Finance Limited faces major operational risks, including non-recovery of loans, regulatory non-compliance, asset-liability mismatch, and failure to maintain adequate capital adequacy ratios. Additionally, it faces legal risks such as litigation, regulatory actions, and changes in laws affecting NBFC operations. These risks could have a cascading effect on our company, including reduced access to financing options, decreased sales and revenue, negative impact on financial performance, and damage to our reputation. 

**_9. Our Company, its Promoters, its Directors, and our Subsidiary are parties to certain legal proceedings. Any adverse decision in such proceedings may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition_** 

Our Company, its Promoters, its Directors, and our Subsidiary are parties to certain legal proceedings. These legal proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and forums. Mentioned below are the details of the proceedings involving our Promoters/Directors, and our Subsidiary as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus along with the amount involved, to the extent quantifiable, based on the materiality policy for litigations, as approved by the Company in its Board meeting held on August 25, 2023. 

|**Name of Entity**|**Criminal**<br>**Proceedings**|**Tax**<br>**proceedings**|**Statutory/**<br>**Regulatory**<br>**proceedings**|**Disciplinary**<br>**actions by the**<br>**SEBI or stock**<br>**Exchanges**<br>**against our**<br>**Promoter**|**Material**<br>**civil**<br>**litigations**|**Aggregate**<br>**amount involved**<br>**to the extent**<br>**ascertainable**<br>**(₹ in million)* **|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Company**|||||||
|Byour Company|8|3|-|-|1<sup>#</sup>|268.94|
|Against our<br>Company|5|1|1|-|6<sup>##</sup>|46.02|
|**Promoters and**<br>**Directors**|||||||
|By our Promoters<br>and Directors|1|-|-|-|2|Not Quantifiable|
|Against our<br>Promoters and<br>Directors|1|2|-|-|-|1.50|
|**Subsidiary**<br>**Company**|||||||
|By our Subsidiary<br>Company<br>affecting business<br>operations of our<br>Company|170|-|-|-|-|54.59|
|Litigation against<br>our Subsidiary|-|-|-|-|-|-|



32 

|**Name of Entity**|**Criminal**<br>**Proceedings**|**Tax**<br>**proceedings**|**Statutory/**<br>**Regulatory**<br>**proceedings**|**Disciplinary**<br>**actions by the**<br>**SEBI or stock**<br>**Exchanges**<br>**against our**<br>**Promoter**|**Material**<br>**civil**<br>**litigations**|**Aggregate**<br>**amount involved**<br>**to the extent**<br>**ascertainable**<br>**(₹ in million)* **|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Company<br>affecting business<br>operations of our<br>Company|||||||



_*The aforementioned amounts have been recorded to the extent they are quantifiable. The amounts mentioned above may be subject to additional interest amounts at the rates demanded/granted and/or penalties being levied by the concerned authorities for delay in making payment or otherwise. Amount of interest and/ or penalty that may be levied is unascertainable as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_#Our Company has filed a claim of Rs. 2,02,10,898/- and a counter claim has been filed against our Company of Rs. 23,78,17,965/-_ 

_## Under arbitration case No. A 097 of 2020 filed by M/s Castings and Castings, they had claimed an amount of Rs. 5,18,78,836/-. The Hon’ble Arbitral Tribunal in its final award dated November 23, 2024, has directed our Company to pay Rs. 4,10,52,759/-. Our Company is yet to make the payment of the same and reserves the right to file an appeal against the award within the statutory period of 90 days._ 

Several criminal revision appeals and criminal appeals have been filed against the Company, challenging the orders granted in favor of the Company under Section 138 of the Negotiable Instruments Act, 1881. Additionally, there is a criminal case filed against the Company under Section 200 of the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973 wherein the Complainant, Badavane Police Station, has prayed before the Court to try the Company in accordance with law and record conviction against it for the offence punishable under Section 406, 408 and 420 read with Section 34 of the Indian Penal Code, 1860. Further, a criminal complaint has been filed under Section 193, 195, 199, 211, 406, 420, 465, 468, 471, 120B and 506 of the Indian Penal Code, 1860, seeking to hold the Company, Balwinder Singh, Karamjeet, Tarsem Singh and Baldev Singh (“ **Accused** ”) as per the provisions of these Sections, and to direct the Accused to pay compensation/ damages to the Complainant, Vikas, for falsely and maliciously making false charge against him as per the provisions of Section 357 of the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973. There is a criminal complaint filed by Abu Asim against the Promoters viz. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia and Sunita Saini under Sections 406, 420, 467, 468, 474 and 120B of the Indian Penal Code, 1860. Our Company is also involved in arbitration proceedings with M/s Castings and Castings (Claimant) under Arbitration Case No. A 097 of 2020. The Hon’ble Arbitral Tribunal in its final award dated November 23, 2024, has directed our Company to pay Rs. 4,10,52,759/-. Our Company is yet to make the payment of the same and reserves the right to file an appeal against the award within the statutory period of 90 days. 

There can be no assurance that these litigations will be decided in favour of our Promoters/Directors, and our Subsidiary, respectively, and consequently it may divert the attention of our management and Promoter and waste our corporate resources and we may incur significant expenses in such proceedings and may have to make provisions in our financial statements, which could increase our expenses and liabilities. If such claims are determined against us, there could be a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations, which could adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. 

For the details of the cases please refer the chapter titled “ _Outstanding Litigations and Material Developments_ ” beginning on page 375 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_10. The geographical concentration of our manufacturing facilities in Himachal Pradesh may restrict our operations and adversely affect our business and financial conditions._** 

We conduct all of our manufacturing operations from Baddi, Himachal Pradesh. The geographical concentration of operation is in Northern India and concentration of our manufacturing facilities is in Himachal Pradesh. Further our new proposed project will also build in Baddi, Himachal Pradesh. State of Himachal Pradesh (part of Northern India) is prone to various hazards both natural and manmade. Main hazards consist of earthquakes, landslides, flash floods, – – snow storms and avalanches, draughts, dam failures, fires domestic and wild, accidents road, rail, air, stampedes, boat capsizing, biological, industrial and hazardous chemicals etc. The hazard which however, poses biggest threat to the State is the earthquake hazard. The State has been shaken by more than 80 times by earthquakes having a magnitude of 4 and above on the Richter Scale as per the recorded history of earthquakes. 

33 

Due to the geographic concentration of our manufacturing operations and the operations of certain of our suppliers, our operations are prone to various hazards both natural and manmade. As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there are no past instances of losses due to such natural/ manmade hazards in our operation, however such disruptions in future could result in the damage or destruction of a significant portion of our manufacturing abilities, significant delays in shipments of our products and/or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_11. Our Company has received complaints after filing of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus and receiving observations from SEBI, alleging misreporting in our financial statements and non compliance with applicable law in relation to leasehold land and other aspects. These complaints by third parties may adversely affect our reputation and business._** 

Specifically, we received initial complaints from Vipin Aggarwal via SEBI communications dated February 20, 2024, and March 6, 2024, as well as additional complaints thereafter the complaints primarily alleged (1) noncompliance with Ind AS regarding revaluation of leasehold land and (2) certain irregularities in land allotment to our Company by the Government of Himachal Pradesh and (3) alleging misreporting in our financial statements. 

We have refuted all allegations and responded to the complainant and SEBI. Subsequent to our responses, the complainant withdrew their complaint via letter dated August 30, 2024. We also obtained expert opinion from M/s. VJ Shah & Co., Chartered Accountants, regarding alleged non-compliance for fair valuation of leasehold land, which is included in "Material Contracts and Documents for Inspection" as mentioned on page no. 460 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

In addition to that Vipin Aggarwal had also submitted the same complaint to the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) regarding the same allegations. The MCA then forwarded this complaint to our Company. We responded to the MCA's query on March 22, 2024, providing clarification on the matter. A second query from the MCA was received on June 14, 2024, and we responded to that on June 27, 2024. The MCA has closed the complaint without any financial / non-financial action against our Company. 

Furthermore, our Company received one another complaint from M/s. Maharani Innovative Paints Private Limited (MIPPL) via SEBI communications regarding a commercial suit filed against our Company in Faridabad Court, claiming an outstanding amount of ₹3.79 million with interest. This dispute constitutes a commercial disagreement between two parties and falls below the materiality threshold as per our Company's Materiality Policy. Consequently, it was not disclosed in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus or this Red Herring Prospectus. We have responded to SEBI and MIPPL regarding this matter. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there are no pending actions. However, we cannot assure that future actions will not be taken. 

As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there are no pending actions pertaining to above complaints. However, we cannot assure that future complaints or actions will not be filed. Furthermore, we cannot guarantee that similar complaints will not be filed by other third parties, potentially adversely affecting our reputation, business, prospects, and Equity Share trading price. 

While the complaints filed by Vipin Aggarwal have been addressed and the matter with the MCA closed without adverse regulatory action, there remains a potential risk of future financial implications. Although no material restatements or penalties have been incurred, future claims could lead to legal costs, regulatory scrutiny, and reputational damage. This may result in financial risks, including potential adjustments to financial statements, compliance costs, and fines, which could adversely affect our cash flows, profitability, and market position. Prolonged reputational damage or regulatory actions may also impact our ability to attract and retain investors, with long-term consequences on our business and stock market performance. 

**_12. Our top ten customers/ dealers contribute to 39.10%, 23.13%, 19.73% and 23.63% for the period ended June 30, 2024 and financial years ended March 31, 2024, March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 of our revenue from operations. If our existing dealers do not deal with us, or our relationships are impaired or terminated, our revenue could decline, and our results of operations would be adversely impacted._** 

We derive a significant portion of our revenue from our dealers, and focusing on catering them with our products is a part of our growth strategy. Our top ten customers/ dealers contribute to 39.10%, 23.13%, 19.73% and 23.63% for the period ended June 30, 2024 and financial year ended March 31, 2024, March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 of our revenue from operations. Even though this doesn’t show that we have a concentrated dealer base and dependence 

34 

on few dealers but it is not possible for us to predict the future level of demand from our larger dealers for our products. 

Our dealers typically have no obligation to maintain or expand their business relationship with us. If one or more of our dealers terminate their dealings with us, whether for convenience, for default in the event of a breach by us, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Our ability to build and maintain consistent dealer level business relationships may decrease or vary as a result of a number of factors, including our customer satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our products, our pricing, the effects of general economic conditions, competitive offerings or alternatives, or reductions in our customers’ spending levels. If our dealers do not maintain their business relationships with us or the other terms and conditions are less favorable to us, our revenue may grow more slowly than expected or decline and our business could suffer. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations would also be adversely affected if we face difficulty collecting our accounts receivable from our clients. If our efforts to expand our existing business within our existing client base are not successful, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely impacted. 

**_13. The value of our Primary security (we obtain only primary security in form of hypothecation of tractor and no collateral is available except personal guarantee) may decrease or we may experience delays in enforcing Primary security when borrowers default on their obligations, which may result in failure to recover the expected value of collateral security exposing us to potential loss._** 

Majority of our NBFC loans advanced are at a credit risk that the collateral against which such advances are made may not be sufficient to cover the outstanding amount to be recovered incase asset turns NPA. We make advances – as collateralized loans & advances through our wholly owned subsidiary Barota Finance Limited by disbursing certain loans that are secured by assets (i.e. tractors or cranes) against which such loans are advanced and follow certain procedures to evaluate the credit profiles of our customers. However, the value of the collateral obtained by us may fluctuate or decline due to factors beyond our control, including deterioration in regional economic conditions or of asset values or as a result of adverse changes in the credit quality of our borrowers and counterparties or delays in foreclosure proceedings or defects or deficiencies in the perfection of collateral. In the event of a decline in any of these, some of our loans may exceed the value of their underlying collateral or changes in asset prices may cause the value of our collateral to decline. Our loan portfolio (Vehicle Finance) for the Fiscal 2022, 2023, 2024 and period ended June 30, 2024 are ₹ 1,464.46 million, ₹ 1,500.51 million, 1,394.26 million and ₹ 1,271.55 million. Our collateral value against these loans is initially higher than our loan value, however as the years move ahead, our collateral value reduces and the same may not be in line with the reduction in our outstanding value. The value of the collateral obtained by company may fluctuate or decline due to factors beyond the control of our company which includes deterioration in asset value due to mishandling by borrower, regional economic conditions, technological changes or any other factors. This may happen when customer may make default in timely repayment of dues and outstanding loan balance get increased and on the other hand value of assets get reduced due to above factor. In case company is able to repossess the asset of defaulting customer, Company may not be able to fetch amount equivalent to outstanding balance and Company may incur loss. As a result, if our customers default, we may recover less money from liquidating the collateral than is owed under the relevant financing facility, and incur losses, even in cases where we are able to successfully seize and liquidate the collateral. Further, the methodology adopted by the Company to determine collateral value is in line with extent laws and regulations. Further, we have a strong asset quality and track record of managing credit risk on our loan portfolio (vehicle finance) and our total Gross NPA was 4.13%, 3.84%, 3.26% and 2.96% as on June 30, 2024, March 31, 2024, March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 respectively and Net NPA were 3.00%, 2.90%, 2.71% and 2.62% as on June 30, 2024, March 31, 2024, March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 respectively. The percentages of NPA’s are well below the industry average, however there can be no assurance that we will be able to ensure the quality of our loan portfolio remains as healthy in the future. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully seize the collateral in the event of customer default and may face delays and incur legal and administrative costs in the repossession and sale of the collateral. Legal proceedings for such purposes in India are often time consuming and if we are unable to seize and recover the full value of collateral in a timely manner, or at all, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected. In the event our borrower’s default on the repayment of loans, we may not be able to realize the full value of the collateral due to various reasons, including a possible decline in the realizable value of the collateral, defective title, prolonged legal proceedings and fraudulent actions by borrowers, or we may not be able to foreclose on collateral at all. Further, we may be required to increase our provision for loan losses in case of any decline in the value of the security, which could impair our ability to realize the secured assets upon any foreclosure. 

35 

**_14. Non-compliance with RBI norms and direction or other regulatory requirements could lead to adverse actions from such regulatory bodies, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation or cash flows._** 

Barota Finance Limited, our wholly-owned subsidiary, operates as a Non-Deposit Taking Non-Systematically Important NBFC, subject to the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) regulatory framework and supervision. We must comply with guidelines and rules applicable to our category, including the Master Direction – Reserve Bank of India – (Non-Banking Financial Company Scale Based Regulation) Directions, 2023. Our business is impacted by evolving laws and regulations, which may change over time, and their interpretation and enforcement may involve uncertainties. We are required to comply with specific requirements such as increased Net Owned Funds, revised NPA classification norms, risk management committees, and expanded disclosure requirements. Failure to comply with RBI directions or delays in implementing changes in the law may result in adverse actions, additional expenses, and negatively impact our future growth, development, and business. Although no material adverse actions have been taken against our NBFC Company for non-compliance since incorporation, we may face such actions in the future if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or delay implementing changes in the law, which could adversely affect our business operations and future prospects. 

**_15. Any failure on our part to effectively manage our inventories along with fluctuations in operational scale and inventory levels, may result in an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition._** 

We are a Tractor and Mobile Cranes manufacturing entity with a backward integration in form of in-house foundry and other critical components manufacturing. Our process involves multiple components and products manufactured in-house, and we offer a very wide range of tractors and mobile cranes for which many spare parts also need to be manufactured by us, hence, at all points, we maintain substantial inventories of input materials, semi-finished products and finished products. Our total inventories on a restated consolidated basis represent 25.75%, 25.44%, 26.15% and 26.37% of our total assets as on June 30, 2024, March 31, 2024, March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 respectively and our inventory turnover ratio is 0.25 (not annualized), 1.35, 1.38 and 1.31 as on June 30, 2024, March 31, 2024, March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 respectively. Full details of our Inventories for last 3 financial years and period ended June 30, 2024 are given below: 

|**Particulars**|**2021-22**|**2022-23**|**2023-24**|_(₹ in millions)_<br>**Period ended**<br>**June 30, 2024**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Raw Material**|729.92|795.01|836.99|829.51|
|**Work In Progress**|438.25|458.65|476.81|445.97|
|**Finished Goods**|466.81|375.19|334.72|383.35|
|**Total**|**1,634.98**|**1,628.85**|**1,648.53**|**1,658.83**|



We are exposed to risks associated with fluctuations in operational scale, which may lead to diminished efficiencies and increased costs in our tractor and crane manufacturing operations. A decline in sales volume may result in a disproportionate increase in fixed costs, potentially eroding profit margins. Additionally, an extension of inventory holding periods may prolong the operating cycle, potentially resulting in reduced liquidity, increased storage and maintenance expenses, inventory obsolescence, and diminished responsiveness to market demand fluctuations. 

As a deeply backward integrated company, we manufacture a wide range of models with different variants in tractors and cranes and produce a majority of components in-house. This requires us to maintain additional inventory of spare parts and in-house manufactured components for a longer period to meet after-sales service requirements. However, if we experience a decline in sales volume, our inventory holding periods may increase, leading to additional costs and reduced efficiency. For example, as of June 30, 2024, our inventory holding period increased to 279 days from 272 days in FY 2023-24. 

Any failure on our part to effectively manage our inventory in response to changing market scenario may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and may even lead to loss of materials and increase the costs of our operations. If we overestimate our inventories requirements as compared to the demand for our products, it may lead to wastage and increase our operating costs and further restrict our ability to service our customers in a timely and cost-efficient manner. Equally, if we underestimate our inventory requirements, it may adversely affect our ability to manufacture the required quantity of products for our customers’ requirements in a timely and cost-efficient manner which may lead to loss of business and / or the opportunity to service our customers which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

36 

**_16. Operational Inefficiencies, Inventory management risks, and raw material price volatility may adversely impact financial performance and sustainability._** 

The Company is exposed to risks associated with fluctuations in operational scale, inefficient inventory management, and raw material price volatility, which may significantly impact its financial performance and sustainability. A decline in sales volume may lead to diminished efficiencies, increased fixed costs, and eroded profit margins. Additionally, an extension of inventory holding periods may prolong the operating cycle, resulting in reduced liquidity, increased storage and maintenance expenses, inventory obsolescence, and diminished responsiveness to market demand fluctuations. 

As a deeply backward integrated Company manufacturing tractors and cranes with various models and variants, we require significant inventory levels of spare parts and in-house manufactured components to meet after-sales service requirements. However, sales volume declines or ineffective inventory management may increase inventory holding periods, leading to additional costs and reduced efficiency. In fiscal year 2023-24, we experienced an increase in inventory holding periods of 272 days, with a further increase to around 279 days as of June 30, 2024. Our heavy dependence on raw materials such as steel, aluminum, and rubber, accounting for approximately 36.52% of our total production costs in fiscal year 2023-24. As of June 30, 2024, this dependence remains unchanged, with raw material costs still constituting around 36.52% of our total production costs, sustaining our vulnerability to price fluctuations. Significant price increases could lead to higher production costs, reduced competitiveness, and lower profit margins. If we fail to implement and maintain effective inventory management practices, optimize operational efficiency, and mitigate raw material price risks, it may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. This could result in reduced profitability and cash flows, increased costs and reduced efficiency, diminished market share, revenue growth, and profitability, ultimately affecting our long-term sustainability and growth prospects. 

**_17. Our revenue from manufacturing operations is significantly concentrated in the top 5 states, which contributed to 68.27%, 56.92%, 63.07% and 62.81% to our total revenue for the Fiscal Year 2021-22, 2022-23, 2023-24 and period ended June 30, 2024 respectively. Any adverse political or economical stability in such States may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our revenue from manufacturing operations is significantly concentrated in the top 5 states. The revenue from manufacturing operations for the FY 2023-24 and for the period ended June 30, 2024 is ₹ 3,524.61 million and ₹ 695.43 million respectively, out of which, manufacturing revenue from top five States is ₹ 2,222.89 million (63.07%) and ₹ 434.90 million (62.81%) respectively. 

The following table details the percentage revenue contribution from the top 5 states for the last three fiscal years and the period ended June 30, 2024: 

|**Period**|**Top 5 States**|**% of Total Sales**|
|---|---|---|
|FY 2021-22|Haryana,Madhya Pradesh,Punjab,Rajasthan,Uttar Pradesh|68.27%|
|FY 2022-23|Haryana,Maharashtra,Punjab,Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh|56.92%|
|FY 2023-24|Gujarat,Haryana,Maharashtra,Punjab, Uttar Pradesh|63.07%|
|June30,2024|Gujarat,Karnataka,Maharashtra,Punjab,Tamil Nadu|62.81%|



Our manufacturing revenue from operations from top five States contribute to 68.27%, 56.92%, 63.07% and 62.81% for the Fiscal Year 2021-22, 2022-23, 2023-24 and period ended June 30, 2024 respectively. It is not possible for us to predict the future level of demand from these States for our products in future. Any materially adverse social, political or economic development, natural calamities, civil disruptions, regulatory developments or changes in the policies of the government could adversely affect our operation of our distributors in such States, which will in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

**_18. We rely on our top 10 suppliers for raw materials and work-in-progress goods, but operate without long-term or binding agreements with any suppliers. Any shortages, delays, or disruptions in supply may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows._** 

Our business depends on the availability of reasonably priced, quality raw materials, including MS & SS Steel, electrical & rubber components, oil & Lubricants, fuel, and various other proprietary components. Our Cost of materials consumed for the period ended June 30, 2024, and financial years ended March 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 

37 

were ₹413.12 million, ₹2,207.15 million, ₹2,255.17 million, and ₹1,996.40 million, respectively, representing 59.41%, 60.34%, 65.06%, and 62.62% of our total product sales. 

We rely heavily on our top 10 suppliers, who contributed 37.04%, 28.52%, 25.06%, and 29.21% of our total purchases in the period ended June 30, 2024, Fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. None of our suppliers individually contribute more than 10% of our total supply. This concentration of supply risk exposes us to potential disruptions in our manufacturing processes and operations. 

The price and availability of such raw materials depend on several factors beyond our control, including overall economic conditions, availability levels, market demand & competition for such raw materials, transportation costs, duties & taxes and trade restrictions. We discuss our annual plans with our suppliers and procurement is done through rolling plan on monthly basis. We have historically passed on the increase in costs of the raw materials & other input cost to our customers.  However, our cash flows may still be adversely affected because of any time gaps between the date of procurement of those raw materials and date on which we pass on the fresh pricing to our customers to account for the increase in the prices of such raw materials. 

The details of contribution made by the top five and top 10 suppliers of our Company for Period ended June 30, 2024, Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022 are set out below: 

|**Sr.**<br>**No.**|**Top**<br>**Suppliers**|**Fiscal**<br>**Purchase**|**2022**<br>**In % of**<br>**Purchase**|**Fiscal**<br>**Purchase**|**2023**<br>**In % of**<br>**Purchase**|**Fisca**<br>**Purchase**|**l 2024**<br>**In % of**<br>**Purchase**|_(_<br>**Period en**<br>**30,**<br>**Purchase**|_₹ in million)_<br>**ded June**<br>**2024**<br>**In % of**<br>**Purchase**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|1|Top<br>5<br>Suppliers|463.24|20.85%|403.06|17.92%|416.18|18.69%|100.16|23.65%|
|2|Top<br>10<br>Suppliers|649.02|29.21%|563.64|25.06%|635.19|28.52%|156.82|37.04%|



As per the above-mentioned data, we rely on our top 10 suppliers for raw materials and work-in-progress goods used in our manufacturing processes. This concentration of supply risk exposes us to potential disruptions in our operations. Although we have not experienced supply disruptions or losses among our top 10 suppliers in the last three fiscal years, there is no guarantee that such instances will not occur in the future. 

Due to the lack of contractual agreements with raw material suppliers, we may face issues with legal accountability, contractual obligations, and timely supply at favorable prices. Moreover, supplier discontinuation or inability to procure raw materials from alternate suppliers on commercially acceptable terms may adversely affect our operations. Loss of supply from these suppliers due to various factors, including failure to negotiate terms, market share loss, disputes, shortages, price fluctuations, quality control issues, insolvency, plant shutdowns, labor strikes, or pandemics, could have an adverse impact. 

Any disruptions may materially affect our business, financial condition, results, and cash flows, impacting our ability to meet customer demand, maintain profit margins, and operate effectively. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have not faced raw material shortages or supply disruptions due to the absence of agreements with suppliers. 

**_19. External Factors shall impact our tractor demand and business operations such as government policies, agriculture sector, changes in diesel prices, bank credit extended towards tractors, seasonality of demands etc._** 

The demand for our tractors is significantly influenced by a complex array of external factors, including government policies and regulations that impact agricultural subsidies, tariffs, and trade agreements, fluctuations in the agriculture sector such as crop yields, commodity prices, and farmer income, changes in diesel prices that affect operating costs, availability and terms of bank credit extended to tractor buyers, and seasonality of demand that results in fluctuations during peak and off-peak agricultural seasons. These factors can have a far-reaching impact on our business, affecting not only the overall demand for tractors but also our ability to compete in the market, our revenue and profitability, and our ability to manage our production and inventory levels effectively. Any adverse changes in these factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, making it challenging for us to maintain our market share, revenue growth, and profitability, and potentially impacting our long-term sustainability and growth prospects. 

38 

**_20. The Objects of the Offer for which funds are being raised have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. The fund requirements, the deployment of funds and the intended use of the Net Proceeds as per the details mentioned in the section titled “Objects of the Issue” are based on our current business plan, management estimates, current and valid quotations and other commercial and technical factors. Any revision in the estimates may require us to reschedule our expenditure and may have a bearing on our expected revenues and earnings._** 

The fund requirements, the deployment of funds and the intended use of the Net Proceeds as described herein are based on our current business plan, management estimates, current and valid quotations and other commercial and technical factors. However, such fund requirements and deployment of funds have not been appraised by any bank, or financial institution. Our Company may have to revise such estimates from time to time on account of various factors such as our financial and market condition, business and strategy, competition, negotiation with suppliers, interest or exchange rate fluctuations, increase in input costs, logistics and transport costs, taxes and duties, regulatory costs which may not be within the control of our management. Our estimates may exceed the value and may require us to reschedule our expenditure which may have a bearing on our expected revenues and earnings. Monitoring Agency, will be appointed in compliance with SEBI ICDR Regulations for monitoring the utilization of the Gross Proceeds and the Board after consideration and approval by the Audit Committee will disclose the utilization of Gross Proceeds under separate head in our balance sheet along with relevant details for all sum of amounts that have not been utilized. Our Company will issue a disclosure to the Stock Exchanges, on a quarterly basis, deviations, if any, in the Use of Proceeds of the Issue from the Objects stated in the Red Herring Prospectus or by way of an explanatory statement to the notice for a general meeting. 

**_21. During Fiscal 2022 to Fiscal 2024, we derive more than 99% of our revenue of tractor division from dealers. Pricing pressure may adversely affect our gross margin, profitability and ability to increase our prices, which in turn may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Pricing pressure from dealers is characteristic of the industry in which we operate. Virtually all agricultural Tractor dealers pursue aggressive but systematic price reduction initiatives and objectives each year with their Manufacturers, and such actions are expected to continue in the near future. In Tractor segment, we are dependent on our dealers for a significant portion of our revenue, with 99.96% of our manufacturing revenue in FY 2021-22, 99.87% in FY 2022-23, 99.78% in FY 2023-24 and 91.84% in June 30, 2024 coming from dealers. We had 128, 135, 157 and 159 dealers associated with us as of the end of FY 2021-22, FY 2022-23, FY 2023-24 and period ended June 30, 2024, respectively. Pursuing cost cutting measures while maintaining rigorous quality standards may lead to an erosion of our margins, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our agreements with dealers are on a non-exclusive basis, and we have a diverse network of dealers across various states, with a concentration of 17.61% of dealers in Uttar Pradesh. In addition, estimating amounts of such price reductions is subject to risk and uncertainties, as any price reduction is the result of negotiations and other factors. Such price reductions may increase our sales but our profit margins will reduce. 

Additionally, our business is very capital intensive, requiring us to maintain a large fixed cost base. Therefore, our profitability is dependent, in part, on our ability to spread fixed production costs over higher production volume. However, our dealers generally negotiate for larger discounts in price as the volume of their orders increase. If we are unable to generate sufficient production cost savings in the future to offset price reductions or if there is any reduction in demand for our products, which will result in decreased sales, our gross margin and profitability may be materially adversely affected. 

**_22. The Improper handling, manufacturing or storage of raw materials or products, damage to such raw materials and products, could subject us to regulatory and legal action, damage our reputation and have an adverse effect on our business,_** _r_ **_esults of operations and financial condition._** 

The products that we manufacture are thoroughly tested and undergo various quality checks at many stages by our qualified team. We are sourcing our proprietary components from globally recognized suppliers and all these products are warranted against manufacturing defects from the supplier. In case of any defect from supplier end same is being taken care by the supplier. Still, these are subject to risks such as, transit damages or improper storage at dealer/customer end. As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has not faced any regulatory and legal action which is material in nature (not more than ₹ 37.52 million) and has damaged our reputation and had any adverse effect on our business and results of operations and financial condition of our Company. However, we may face inherent business risks of exposure to product liability or recall claims in the event that our products fail to meet the required quality standards or are alleged to result in harm to customers. Such risks may be controlled, but not eliminated. We have little, if any, control over proper handling once our products are shipped to our customers. For 

39 

further details, please see “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments”, litigation filed against our company” on page no. 375 of this red herring prospectus. 

**_23. Some of our business operations are being conducted on leased / rented premises. Our inability to seek renewal or extension of such leases may materially affect our business operations._** 

Some of our business operations are being conducted on premises used by us taken from various third parties. We may also enter into such transactions with third parties in the future. Any adverse impact on the title, ownership rights, development rights of the owners from whose premises we operate, breach of the contractual terms of any lease, leave and license agreements, or any inability to renew such agreements on acceptable terms may materially affect our business operations. For further details, see “Our Business – Properties” on page no. 182 of this Red Herring Prospectus 

**_24. Adverse changes in our credit ratings could materially adversely affect our ability to raise funds and hence affect our financial conditions._** 

As of June 30, 2024 we had a total outstanding indebtedness of ₹ 2,453.63 million and ₹ 1,566.89 million on a restated consolidated and standalone basis respectively. Our debt raising is dependent on maintaining and improving our credit ratings. Our credit ratings assigned by Infomerics Valuation and Rating Private Limited to our Company and our wholly owned subsidiary for last 3 Financial years are as follows: 

|**Sr.**<br>**No.**|**Name of Instrument/**<br>**Facilities**|**_Company_**|**Rating**|**July 24,2024**|**June 12,**<br>**2023**|**March 14,**<br>**2022**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|1.|Fund Based Bank<br>Facilities–Term Loan||Long<br>Term|IVR A- / Stable|IVR A-/<br>Stable|IVR A-/<br>Stable|
|2.|Fund Based Bank<br>Facilities– OCC / ODBD||Long<br>Term|IVR A- / Stable|IVR A-/<br>Stable|IVR A-/<br>Stable|
|3.|Non-Fund Based Bank<br>Facilities–ILC /FLC|Indo Farm<br>Equipment|Short<br>Term|IVR A2+|IVR A2+|IVR A2+|
|4.|Non-Fund Based Bank<br>Facilities–BG|Limited|Short<br>Term|IVR A2+|IVR A2+|IVR A2+|
|5.|Non-Fund Based Bank<br>Facilities–Forward Contract<br>Limit||Short<br>Term|IVR A2+|IVR A2+|IVR A2+|



|**Sr.**<br>**No.**|**Name of Instrument/**<br>**Facilities**|**Company**|**Rating**|**August 27, 2024**|<br>**July 03, 2023**|**March 25,**<br>**2022**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|1.|Long Term Bank Facilities–<br>Term Loans|Barota<br>Finance<br>Limited|Long<br>term|IVR A-<br>(CE)/Stable<br>[IVR A Minus<br>(Credit<br>Enhancement)<br>with stable<br>outlook)|IVR A-(CE) /<br>Stable [IVR A<br>Minus (Credit<br>Enhancement)<br>with Stable<br>Outlook]|IVR A-(CE) /<br>Stable [IVR A<br>Minus (Credit<br>Enhancement)<br>with Stable<br>Outlook]|



If any of our credit ratings are revised downward in the future, this event may be looked at negatively by our lenders and hence it may affect our ability to continue to avail the credit facilities we enjoy as well as our ability to raise new debt if needed. This could affect our cash flows and financial condition adversely. 

# **_25. Any failure of our information technology systems could adversely affect our business and our operations._** 

We have information technology systems that support our business processes, including product formulas, product development, sales, order manufacturing, production, procurement, inventory management, quality control, product costing, human resources, distribution and finance. We have installed AutoCAD used in R&D department & SAP for accounting purposes. These systems may be susceptible to outages due to fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, natural disasters, break-ins and similar events. Effective response to such disruptions will require effort and diligence on the part of our third-party vendors and employees to avoid any adverse effect to our information technology systems. In addition, our systems and proprietary data stored electronically may be vulnerable to computer viruses, cybercrime, computer hacking and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering. 

40 

If such unauthorized use of our systems were to occur, data related to our product formulas, product development and other proprietary information could be compromised. Moreover, we have added extra layers of security to ensure our information technology, trade secrets, intellectual property are secure. We have till date not experienced any major loss due to technology failures. The occurrence of any such events could adversely affect our business, interrupt our operations, subject us to increased operating costs and expose us to litigations. 

**_26. Information relating to the installed capacity, actual production and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates and future production and capacity may vary._** 

Information relating to the installed capacity, actual production, and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates made by our management. These estimates have been derived from our historical operational data, market conditions, and other relevant factors as considered by management in the calculation of our installed capacity, actual production, and capacity utilization. Actual production levels and future capacity utilization rates may vary significantly from the estimated production capacities of our manufacturing facilities and historical capacity utilization rates. In addition, capacity utilization is calculated differently in different countries, industries, and for the different kinds of products we manufacture. Undue reliance should therefore not be placed on our historical installed capacity, actual production, and capacity utilization for our existing manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus. See “Business – Installed capacity and capacity utilization” on page 175. 

**_27. We are dependent on a number of key personnel, including our senior management, and the loss of, or our inability to attract or retain such persons could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our performance depends largely on the efforts and abilities of our senior management and other key personnel. The inputs and experience of our senior management and key managerial personnel are valuable for the development of business and operations and the strategic decisions taken by our Company. The attrition rate for the period ended June 30, 2024 and FY 2024, 2023 and 2022 was approximately 16.59%, 19.70%, 20.50% and 23.17% respectively. We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain these employees or find adequate replacements in a timely manner, or at all. We may require a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when qualified personnel terminate their employment with our Company. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting employees that our business requires. 

Further, our ability to successfully carry out research and development depends on our ability to attract and retain skilled persons. The personnel at the helm of our R&D functions are critical for new product launches and creating differentiated offering for our businesses. Currently, we have an experienced technical and production team, we may not be able to continuously attract or retain such personnel, or retain them on acceptable terms, given the demand for such personnel. Competition for qualified personnel with relevant industry expertise in India is intense and the loss of the services of our key personnel may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_28. We rely on third-party transportation providers for both procurements of our raw materials and distribution of our products. Any failures by any of our transportation providers to deliver our raw materials or our products on time, or in good condition, or at all, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We depend on various forms of transportation to either receive raw materials for our manufacturing purposes or to deliver the finished products to our distributors and other customers for our domestic and export sales. For these purposes, we typically use reputed third-party transportation providers. During the period ended June 30, 2024, FY 2024, 2023 and 2022 we have incurred expenditure of ₹ 16.45 millions, ₹ 70.56 millions, ₹ 73.49 millions and Rs.80.08 millions. Further, we undertake our export activities from various ports to which our products are delivered primarily through road transport from our manufacturing facilities and thereafter exported. 

We do not enter into any formal agreements with the third parties for our logistics and transportation needs. Any disruption of transportation services due to natural factors such as weather conditions particularly during monsoon or flood seasons, or man-made factors such as strikes, accidents, or other inadequacies in the transportation infrastructure, or any other factor that could impair the ability of our suppliers to deliver raw materials to us and our ability to deliver our products to our retailers and distributors and their ability to deliver products to the end customers 

41 

in a timely manner, which may adversely affect sale of products. Such raw materials and our products may be lost, damaged due to improper handling, negligence, transport strike or accidents or any other _force majeure_ events which may not be within our control. 

Additionally, if we lose one or more of our third-party transportation providers, that we have to find new or alternative third-party transportation providers, or at terms which might not be as favourable as those which we have in force with our current partners. Further, our third-party transportation providers may not carry adequate insurance coverage and therefore, any losses that may arise during the transportation process may have to be claimed under our marine insurance policy. As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there are no past instances where our Company has faced any losses due to inadequate insurance coverage which are material in nature (not more than Rs. 37.52 million), however in future we may not receive adequate compensation for any such claims in full amount in a timely manner or at all, and consequently, any such loss may be minimized or may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_29. There are certain instances of delay in payment of provident fund by the Company. Any further delay in payment of provident fund may attract financial penalties from the authority and in turn may have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and cash flows._** 

During Financial Years 2020-21 and 2021-22, we have had instances of delay in the payment of statutory dues with respect to deposit of provident fund of ₹ 2.35 lakhs and ₹ 1.27 lakhs respectively. The delay in FY 2021-22 was due to non-linking of Aadhaar number of some employees with their respective UAN No and in FY 2020-21 during the COVID-19 period, due to re-alignment of salary of the staff of Company there were delay in deposit of payment of Provident Fund. 

There can be no assurance that such delays may not arise in the future. In addition, while no actions have been initiated against our Company in relation to the abovementioned delays, our Company cannot assure you that any regulatory or statutory actions will not be initiated against our Company in relation to the said non-compliance. This may lead to financial penalties from the respective authority which may have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and cash flows. 

**_30. Our Company is involved in an outstanding legal proceeding pending before the Honble National Company Law Tribunal Chandigarh Bench_** . **_An adverse outcome of the proceeding could have an adverse impact on our Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Axles India (“Operational Creditor”) has filed C.P. (IB) 13/2024 against the Company (“ **Corporate Debtor** ”) for alleged non-payment of an outstanding demand of Rs. 1,34,06,278/- (Rupees One Crore Thirty-Four Lakh Six Thousand Two Hundred and Seventy-Eight Only) against goods supplied by the Operational Creditor to the Corporate Debtor under the purchase orders received. Invoices for the sale of the trailer hooks and front axle beams, etc., were regularly raised upon the Corporate Debtor after receiving the purchase orders since 2013. Subsequently, the Operational Creditor filed a complaint before the Hon’ble Haryana Micro and Small Enterprises Facilitation Council, Panchkula (“ **HMSEFC** ”), and an Order dated November 18, 2022, was passed against the Corporate Debtor, holding it liable for payment of Rs. 69,99,905.61/- along with interest as per provisions of Section 16 of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 from the agreed period till the actual payment from the Corporate Debtor. The Operational Creditor has alleged that despite the Order dated November 18, 2022, passed by the Hon’ble HMSEFC, the Corporate Debtor has failed to pay the outstanding amount. The Operational Creditor issued two demand notices under Section 8 read with Rule 5 of (Application to Adjudication Authority) Rules, 2016 in Form 3 and 4 on September 6, 2023, and November 20, 2023. The Corporate Debtor replied to both demand notices on September 18, 2023, and November 30, 2023 inter-alia stating that the Operational Creditor had charged rates higher than market price, in violation of the terms and conditions of the purchase order and were instead required to make good the difference in price to the Corporate Debtor. Further, the Corporate Debtor had also stated that there were pre-existing disputes filed before the civil court and therefore the proceedings initiated under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, were not maintainable. Since the Corporate Debtor had allegedly failed to clear the outstanding amount, the Operational Creditor has filed the above petition inter alia praying before the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal Chandigarh Bench, Chandigarh to (i) admit the present application for initiation of Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process of the Corporate Debtor; (ii) grant moratorium as provided under Section 13 and 14 of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 for smooth passage of the Insolvency Resolution Process and (iii) appoint interim Insolvency Resolution Process. The matter is pending. 

42 

For further details, see “Outstanding Litigations and Material Developments” on page 375 of this Red Herring Prospectus. An adverse outcome of the above proceeding could have an adverse impact on our Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition.” 

**_31. The Offer Price, market capitalization to revenue multiple based on the Offer Price of our Company, may not be indicative of the market price of the Company on listing or thereafter._** 

Our revenue from operations, profit after tax and earning per share for the year for Fiscal 2024 is ₹ 3,752.32 million and ₹ 155.95 million. Our EPS for the Fiscal 2024 is ₹ 4.15 per share. Our P/E ratio based on EPS of Fiscal 2024 is [●] times at the upper end of the Price Band. 

The table below provides details of our price to earnings ratio: 

|Price to Earnings Ratio at lowerprice band|[●]|
|---|---|
|Price to Earnings Ratio at higherprice band|[●]|
|IndustryPrice to Earnings ratio|**42.10**|



The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined on the basis of assessment of market demand for the Equity Shares offered through the book-building process prescribed under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, and certain quantitative and qualitative factors as set out in the section titled “Basis for Offer Price” on page 105 and the Offer Price, multiples and ratios may not be indicative of the market price of the Company on listing or thereafter. 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. 

Accordingly, any valuation exercise undertaken for the purposes of the Offer by our Company and Selling Shareholders, in consultation with the BRLMs, would not be based on a benchmark with our industry peers.  The relevant financial parameters based on which the Price Band would be determined, shall be disclosed in the advertisement that would be issued for publication of the Price Band. 

The  market  price  of  the  Equity  Shares  may be  subject  to  significant  fluctuations  in  response  to,  among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, COVID-19 related or similar situations, announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us, volatility in the securities markets in India and other jurisdictions, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors 

**_32. As on June 30, 2024, we have certain contingent liabilities aggregating to ₹ 200.34 million that have not been provided for in our Company’s financials, which if realized, could adversely affect our financial condition._** 

|**S.**<br>**No.**|**Particulars**|**As at**<br>**June 30,**<br>**2024**|**As at**<br>**March 31,**<br>**2024**|**As at**<br>**March 31,**<br>**2023**|_(₹ in Million)_<br>**As at**<br>**March 31,**<br>**2022**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|i)|Counterguarantee to bank**|19.84|17.59|12.59|2.29|
|ii)|Bond Executed by the Group in<br>favour of DGFT|6.82|6.82|6.82|6.82|
|iii)|Claims against the Group not<br>acknowledged as debts|118.19|99.81|40.57|31.23|
|iv)|Excise matters in dispute<sup>#</sup>|30.37|30.37|30.37|30.37|
|v)|Consumer cases in dispute/Under<br>appeal*|23.21|24.22|25.83|23.17|
|vi)|Bill Discounting|-||61.27|-|
|vii)|Income Tax matters in dispute|1.91|4.90|4.94|3.12|
||**Total**|**200.34**|**183.72**|**182.39**|**96.99**|



_# Excise cases related to periods between November 2003-January 2005 was already decided in favour of Company by Commissioner (Appeals), Customs and Central Excise, Chandigarh and the demand was deleted. However, the_ 

43 

_department has elected to file appeal against order with Customs Excise and Service Tax Appellate Tribunal (CESTAT)._ 

_* Interest and claims by customers, suppliers, lenders and employees may be payable as and when the outcome of the related matters are finally determined and hence have not been included above. Management based on legal advice and historical trends, believes that no material liability will devolve on the Group in respect of these matters. **Over the years, the counter guarantee given by our Company has increased due to the growth in the business. Further this counter guarantee have been given to the different department in order to bid for the tender. It is expected to further increase as and when the Company expands its business, resulting in a corresponding rise in the counter guarantee as a contingent liability to be given to departments for the process of bidding in tenders._ 

There can be no assurance that we will not incur similar or increased levels of contingent liabilities in the future and if a significant portion of these liabilities materialise, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further information, see “Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Note 51” and “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments” on pages 317 and 375, respectively. 

**_33. Our Promoters and Promoter Group will, even after the completion of the Issue, continue to be our largest Shareholders and can influence the outcome of resolutions, which may potentially involve conflict of interest with the other Shareholders._** 

Currently, our Promoters and members of the Promoter Group hold 93.45% of the Equity Share capital of our Company and they will continue to hold 69.44% of the Equity Share capital after the completion of this Issue. While there is no shareholder agreement in place with our Promoters and members of the Promoter Group, they will nevertheless, collectively, will have the ability to significantly influence our corporate decision-making process. 

This will include the ability to appoint Directors on our Board and the right to approve significant actions at the Board and at the Shareholders’ meetings, including the issue of Equity Shares and dividend payments, business plans, mergers and acquisitions, any consolidation or joint venture arrangements and any amendment to the constitutional documents. Our Company cannot assure you that the interest of the Promoters and members of the Promoter Group in any such scenario will not conflict with the interest of other Shareholders or with our Company’s interests. Any such conflict may adversely affect our Company’s ability to execute its business strategy or to operate our Company’s business effectively or in the best interests of the other Shareholders of our Company. 

**_34. We have reported negative net cash flows in the past and may do so in the future._** 

The following table sets forth net cash inflow/ (outflow) from operating, investing and financing activities for the period ended June 30, 2024 and Fiscals ended March 2024, 2023 and 2022: 

|**Particulars**|**For the period**<br>**ended June 30,**<br>**2024**|**For the year**<br>**ended March 31,**<br>**2024**|**For the year**<br>**ended March 31,**<br>**2023**|_(₹ inmillion)_<br>**For the year**<br>**ended March**<br>**31, 2022**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Net cash flow from operating<br>activities|66.98|405.87|301.75|99.77|
|Net cash flow from Investing<br>activities|(47.70)|(25.91)|(83.74)|(259.62)|
|Net cash flow from financing<br>activities|(88.45)|(256.98)|(219.91)|164.02|
|**Net Cash Flow**|**(69.17)**|**122.98**|**(1.90)**|**4.17**|



We had negative cash flows from investing activities for the period ended June 30, 2024 and financial year ended March 31, 2024, March 31, 2023 and Mach 31, 2022, this was majorly on account of purchase of Property, plant & equipment. We had negative cash flows from financing activities for the period ended June 30, 2024 and financial year ended March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023 due to on account of repayments of term loans & Interest paid to Banks. 

We cannot assure you that our net cash flows will be positive in the future. Negative cash flows over extended periods, or significant negative operating cash flows in the short term, could materially impact our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans. If our Company is not able to generate sufficient cash flows to finance 

44 

our projects, make new capital expenditure, pay dividends, make new investments or fund other liquidity needs which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations 

# **_35. Any inability on our part to collect amounts owed to us could result in the reduction of our profits._** 

Our operations involve extending credit for extended periods of time to our dealers and certain customers and consequently, we face the risk of the uncertainty regarding the receipt of these outstanding amounts. The average trade receivable turnover day’s w.r.t our issuer company for the period ended June 30, 2024 and last three financial years on a standalone basis is of around 89 days with variation of 10 days expected as normal industry practice. As a result of such industry conditions, we have and may continue to have high levels of outstanding receivables. As per Restated Consolidated Financial Statement for the period ended June 30, 2024 and Financial year ended March 31, 2024, March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 our trade receivables were ₹ 1,155.04 Million, ₹ 1,043.99 Million, ₹ 743.93 million and ₹ 720.33 million respectively or 38.12%, 27.77%, 20.01% & 20.43% of our total income, respectively. The average cycle of our trade receivables based on this data works out at around 83 days. We have a long-standing relationship with many of these debtors. We may not be able to effectively manage our credit risk w.r.t as we enter new avenues and geographies. If our distributors and customers delay or default in making these payments, our profits could be adversely affected and it could affect our working capital cycle hence affecting our financial condition. 

**_36. Our business is both manpower and machine intensive. Our business may be adversely affected by Strikes, work stoppages, increased wage demands by our employees, or any other kind of disputes with our employees, and if we are unable to engage new employees at commercially attractive terms._** 

Our Company relies heavily on its workforce, with 938 full-time employees and 227 contractual laborers as of June 30, 2024. For details, see “ _Our Business – Human Resource_ ” on page 181. Our operations are manpower-intensive and we are dependent on our manufacturing staff for a significant portion of our operations. We are exposed to risks of strikes, work stoppages, and increased wage demands, which could disrupt our operations. There is one registered workers union of our workmen. In the past, our Company has experienced disputes with our workers, including a strike, which was resolved by entering into an Agreement of Settlement dated February 15, 2014, however, there was minimal impact on the business operations of our Company since all other workforce were available for the production process at our factory. 

While we currently enjoy a good relationship with our employees, there can be no assurance that the trade union of our workmen may not make any further demands. Labor disruptions, shortages of skilled personnel, or disagreements with employees could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The success of our operations depends on the availability of and maintaining good relationships with our workforce. Further, during the Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2024 and period ended June 30, 2024, we (including our subsidiary) had incurred employee benefit expenses of ₹ 371.14 million, ₹ 424.99 million, ₹ 460.82 million and ₹ 109.24 million, respectively. 

Additionally, we face risks related to increasing manpower costs in India, which may directly impact our employee costs and margins. Changes to minimum wage laws in India, including upward revisions in minimum wages in states where we operate or plan to expand, may further increase our costs. To attract and retain key personnel, we may need to increase compensation and benefits, potentially affecting our costs and profitability. As we grow our business, we cannot assure that employee costs and operating expenses will not significantly increase, which could adversely impact our financial performance. 

**_37. Our inability to fulfill the export obligation under the EPCG scheme could subject us to payment of customs duties together with interest thereby adversely impacting our financial condition._** 

Our company has obtained licenses under EPCG scheme which enable us for duty free import of machinery required for manufacturing of our export bound products. Such benefits are subject to fulfillment of time bound export obligations as may be specified. The value and quantity of each item permitted under EPCG imports are specified in the license, which are issued on pre-export or post-exports basis and are subject to fulfillment of time bound export obligation. 

As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Export Obligations are completed and we are in process to apply for Export Obligations Discharge Certificate (EODC) with Office of the Joint Director General of Foreign Trade. Any failure, in future, on our part to achieve the required export obligation will subject us to an obligation to pay the customs duty saved and any further penal charges if any. For details refer to “Our Business- Export Obligations” on page no. 179 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

45 

**_38. Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or may not adequately protect us against all material hazards, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We could be held liable for accidents that occur at our manufacturing facilities or otherwise arise out of our operations. In the event of personal injuries, fires or other accidents suffered by our employees or other people, we could face claims alleging that we were negligent, provided inadequate supervision or be otherwise liable for the injuries. 

As on June 30, 2024, our Company has insurance coverage of ₹ 3,817.59 million and the insurance amount to the total assets of our Company for the last 3 financial years 2022, 2023, 2024 and period ended June 30, 2024 is 51.72%, 59.42%, 59.07% and 59.25% respectively. We have not experienced any material losses (not more than ₹ 37.52 millions) due to under-insurance in past and endeavor to ensure that the insurance coverage which we maintain would be reasonably adequate to cover the normal and abnormal risks associated with the operations of our business such as fire, other natural calamities and accidents onsite, burglary, theft, maritime shipping related accidents/losses etc. We cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honored fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our possible losses. In addition, our insurance expires from time to time. For e.g. we had not obtained the insurance for events like Covid pandemic or such disruptive events which do not allow us to operate our business, our insurance coverage does not include losses arising from statutory actions on our manufacturing plants, raw material damage due to mishandling by our workers etc. and hence we cannot be sure that all our risks are covered by insurance. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage, for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, and which is not covered by insurance, exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, cash flows and financial performance could be adversely affected. 

**_39. A slowdown or shutdown in our manufacturing operations of our manufacturing facilities could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We manufacture our products through ISO 9001:2015 certified manufacturing units. All the products are sold in the domestic and export markets by our company under our brands. Our business is hence dependent upon our ability to manage our manufacturing facilities, which are subject to various operating risks, including those beyond our control, such as the breakdown and failure of equipment or industrial accidents and severe weather conditions and natural disasters. As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has not faced significant losses due to slowdown / shutdown of manufacturing operations in the past, apart from lock down all over the country due to COVID-19 pandemic, where the operations were affected temporarily due to non-availability and migration of labour to their native places. Slowly the situation got normalized and the production commenced. However, there may be a significant malfunction or breakdown of our machinery which entail significant repair and maintenance costs and cause delays in our operations. In addition, we may be required to carry out planned shutdowns of our facilities for maintenance, statutory inspections and testing, or may shut down certain facilities for capacity expansion and equipment upgrades. 

**_40. Some of our borrowings carry restrictive covenants or conditions and could affect our ability to manage our business operations._** 

We had total outstanding indebtedness as on June 30, 2024 of ₹ 2,453.63 millions and ₹ 1,566.89 millions on a restated consolidated and standalone basis respectively. Our borrowings from banks may have certain conditions which could affect our operational flexibilities. Some of these conditions include: 

- The company would have to obtain prior permission of bank for availing credit facilities or operating current account with another bank. 

- The company would have to take prior permission for making any adverse changes in its capital structure. 

- Implement any scheme of amalgamation, merger or such restructuring. 

- Implement any scheme of expansion or diversification or capital expenditure except normal activities indicated in fund flow statements submitted to bank. 

- Undertake guarantee obligations on behalf of any other company/firm or person. 

- Declare dividend for any year except out of profit relating to that year after meeting all the financial commitments to the bank and making all due and necessary provisions. 

- Make any drastic changes in its management set ups. 

46 

- our ability to obtain additional financing in the future or renegotiate or refinance our existing indebtedness on terms favorable to us may be limited 

- Fluctuations in market interest rates may affect the cost of our borrowings, as some of our loans are at variable interest rates; and 

Our inability to meet these conditions or ensure that compliance of these conditions could hamper the operational flexibility needed from time to time. In addition, certain of our borrowings require us to maintain certain financial ratios and certain other informative covenants, which are tested at times on a monthly, quarterly or annual basis. In the event we breach any financial or other covenants contained in any of our financing arrangements or in the event we had breached any terms in the past which is noticed in the future, we may be required to immediately repay our borrowings either in whole or in part, together with any related costs. We may also be forced to sell some or all of our assets if we do not have sufficient cash or credit facilities to make repayments. Further, certain of our financing arrangements are due for renewal and we cannot guarantee that the facilities availed under such arrangements will be renewed on the previously agreed terms and conditions, or conditions which are not more onerous on us. Our failure to meet our obligations under the debt financing agreements could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, for the proposed Offer, our Company has obtained the necessary consents from its lenders, as required under the relevant facility documentations for undertaking activities relating to the Offer including consequent actions, such as changes/amendments to including but not limited to, the constitutional documents (Memorandum of Association and/or Articles of Association) of our Company, the composition of its Management set-up, shareholding pattern, repayment/pre-payment of loans etc. For further details, please see _“Financial Indebtedness” on page no. 363_ of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_41. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the equity shareholders._** 

We have entered into transactions with related parties in the past and from, time to time, we may enter into related party transactions in the future. These transactions principally include remuneration, rent, professional charges or benefits to Executive Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and other such routine transactions. 

While all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, in accordance with the Companies Act and other applicable regulations pertaining to the evaluation and approval of such transactions and all related party transactions that we may enter into post-listing, will be subject to Board or Shareholder approval, as necessary under the Companies Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations, in the interest of the Company and its minority Shareholders and in compliance with the SEBI Listing Regulations. Further, it is likely that we may enter into additional related party transactions in the future. Such related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. 

In Fiscal 2022, 2023, 2024 and period ended June 30, 2024 the aggregate amount of such related party transactions was ₹ 56.36 million, ₹ 59.07 million, ₹ 48.62 million and ₹ 10.79 million respectively. For further information on our related party transactions, see “Restated Financial Statements – Related party disclosure on page no. 314 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_42. Our Company has issued Equity Shares during the last twelve months at a price which may be lower than the Offer Price._** 

We have, in the 12 months preceding the filing of this Red Herring Prospectus, issued Equity Shares at prices that **_–_** may be lower than the Offer Price. See ‘ **_Capital Structure Notes to Capital Structure_** ’ on page 84. The price at which our Company has issued the Equity Shares in the past is not indicative of the price at which they will be issued or traded. The details of Equity Shares allotted in the 12 months preceding the date of this Red Herring Prospectus are given below: 

|**Date of Allotment**|**Name of the Allottees**|**No. of**<br>**Equity**<br>**Shares**|**Face**<br>**Value**<br>**(₹)**|**Issue**<br>**Price**<br>**(₹)**|**Reasons for**<br>**allotment**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||HathorCorporate Advisors LLP|300,000|||PIPO|
|April 16, 2024|Own Infracon Pvt. Ltd.|150,000|10/|185/|re-<br>(Pit|
||Garishma Daga|150,000|-|-|rvae<br>Placement)|
|April30,2024|Nabs Vriddhii LLP|250,000||||



47 

|**Date of Allotment**|**Name of the Allottees**|**No. of**<br>**Equity**<br>**Shares**|**Face**<br>**Value**<br>**(₹)**|**Issue**<br>**Price**<br>**(₹)**|**Reasons for**<br>**allotment**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||FinavenueGrowth Fund|211,800||||
||NiveshaayHedgehogs LLP|225,000||||
||ArunGoel|106,000||||
|M 24 2024|UditSehgal|106,000||||
|ay ,|Adhiraj SwarupAgarwal|106,000||||
||VM Finserve and Asset Management|106,000||||
||Tatvam Trade|81,000||||
||MohdJazib Khan|54,100||||
|May29,2024|UditSehgal|54,100||||
|**Total**||**1,900,000**||||



**_43. We face competition from established competitors in the market having their own strong Non-Banking Financial Company (NBFC) network._** 

We are dependent on retail financing support from Banks, NBFCs, and our subsidiary NBFC for tractor sales. Tractors are primarily bought by farmers and the purchase decision is heavily dependent on availability of vehicle finance to such customers. Our tractor sales are substantially driven by financing options extended by our subsidiary Non-Banking Financial Company (NBFC), Barota Finance Limited. We face major competition from Some prominent players in the global agricultural tractor market such as Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd, Claas India Pvt Ltd, Yanmar Co.  Ltd, Escorts Kubota Ltd, T A F E Motors & Tractors Ltd, C N H Industrial (India) Pvt Ltd, John Deere India Pvt Ltd, International Tractors (Sonalika). These established players have a strong track record, extensive distribution networks, and deep customer relationships, which may make it challenging for us to gain market share and attract new customers. Few of them has their own strong NBFC or has strong existing long-term relationship based network with NBFCs. We do not enjoy large scale retail financing support from leading banks and NBFCs as compared to our competitors. 

Our inability to effectively compete with these established players could lead to reduced market share, lower revenue growth, and decreased profitability, ultimately impacting our financial performance and investor returns. Furthermore, the competitive landscape may also lead to pressure on pricing, margins, and customer acquisition costs, which could further intensify these risks. 

**_44. Our Promoter and members of Promoter Group have mortgaged their personal properties and provided personal guarantees for our borrowings to secure our loans. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects may be adversely affected by the revocation of all or any of the personal guarantees provided by our Promoter and members of Promoter Group in connection with our Company’s borrowings._** 

Our Promoter and our Promoter Group have mortgaged their personal properties and provided personal guarantees for our borrowings to secure our loans. _For further details of the collateral securities offered to our secured lenders, please refer “Financial Indebtedness” on page 363 of this Red Herring Prospectus._ Historically the company has maintained good financial discipline and there has been no instance of any delay and default in meeting any commitment towards lenders. However, in the event of any default and these guarantees may be revoked and our lenders may require alternative guarantees or collateral or cancellation of such facilities, entailing repayment of amounts outstanding under such facilities. If we are unable to procure alternative guarantees satisfactory to our lenders, we may need to seek alternative sources of capital, which may not be available to us at commercially reasonable terms or at all, or to agree to more onerous terms under our financing agreements, which may limit our operational flexibility. Accordingly, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects may be adversely affected by the revocation of all or any of the personal guarantees provided by our Promoter and Promoter Group, Director in connection with our Company’s borrowings. 

**_45. Failure to meet the quality standards required by the market and by auto industry regulators could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial conditions_** 

Our tractors and cranes emission standards have to be according to the Bharat Stage Emission Standards instituted by the Government of India to regulate the output of air pollutants from compression ignition engines and Sparkignition engines equipment, including motor vehicles. The standards and the timeline for implementation are set by the Central Pollution Control Board under the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change. 

48 

Currently the following guidelines are applicable in India for manufacturing of Tractors & Cranes: 

|**Capacity**|**Standard**|
|---|---|
|Upto50HP|BharatStage III(BS-III)|
|Above50HP|BharatStage IV(BS-IV)|



The Government of India has already issued BS V norms to be complied for the Cranes segment which would become applicable from January 2025 onwards. We have initiated developing the BS-V norm complied engines for cranes which is expected to be completed by January 2025 & in case there is any delay in in our development we might have to procure such BS V complied engines from OEMs. Further, emission standards and guidelines for our products differ from country to country and our ability to adapt to such changes would be critical to our export business success. Secondly, newer products with higher standards and features if developed by our competitors, would require us to adapt our products to match the need of the market as and when it evolves from time to time basis. 

Our inability to meet the quality standards required by the market and by auto industry regulators could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial conditions. 

# **_46. Our business is subject to seasonality. Lower revenues in the harvest time of any Fiscal may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

We are impacted by seasonal variations in sales volumes, which may cause our revenues to vary significantly between different quarters in a Fiscal. In Last 3 Fiscal years about 64.86% of the company’s revenue comes from the tractor division. The tractor industry’s cyclicality exposes it to fluctuations in the demand scenario with sensitivity to monsoons and farmer sentiments. Typically, we see an increase in our business before the harvest time for the next sowing season. 

Below table shows the quarter wise revenue generated from our Tractor Division for last 3 financial years and for the stub period: 

|||||_(₹ in millions)_|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Quarter**|**2021-22**|**2022-23**|**2023-24**|**2024-25**|
|**Quarter 1**|564.83|613.91|566.31|299.48|
|**Quarter 2**|578.62|499.39|326.10|NA|
|**Quarter 3**|614.34|495.62|479.41|NA|
|**Quarter 4**|815.43|660.00|466.51|NA|
|**Total***|**2,573.21**|**2,268.92**|**1,838.33**|**299.48**|



_Note: As per Certificate issued by our Statutory Auditors dated October 05, 2024_ 

Further we have to maintain an adequate inventory prior to harvest season in order to meet surge in demand. Therefore, our results of operations and cash flows across quarters in a Fiscal may not be comparable and any such comparisons may not be meaningful or may not be indicative of our annual financial results or our results in any future quarters or periods. 

# **_47. Our failure to identify and understand evolving industry trends and preferences and to develop new products to meet our end customers' demands, which may materially adversely affect our business._** 

Changes in consumer preferences, regulatory or industry requirements or in competitive technologies may render certain of our products obsolete or less attractive. Our ability to anticipate changes in technology and regulatory standards and to successfully develop and introduce new and enhanced products on a timely basis is a significant factor in our ability to remain competitive. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to secure the necessary technological knowledge, through technical assistance agreements or otherwise, that will allow us to develop our product portfolio in this manner. If we are unable to obtain such knowledge in a timely manner, or at all, we may be unable to effectively implement our strategies and our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. Moreover, we cannot assure you that we will be able to achieve the technological advances that may be necessary for us to remain competitive or that certain of our products will not become obsolete. We are also subject to the risks generally associated with new product introductions and applications, including lack of market acceptance, delays in product development and failure of products to operate properly. 

49 

**_48. Activities involving our manufacturing process can be dangerous and can cause injury to people in certain circumstances and could expose us to the risk of liabilities, loss of revenue and increased expenses._** 

Our business involves complex manufacturing processes that can be dangerous to our employees. Despite ensuring that employee safety manuals covering employee safety and environmental procedures are in place and that hazard identification and risk assessments with respect to our operations are periodically carried out, our operations are subject to significant hazards, including explosions, fires, mechanical failures and other operational problems. In addition, our employees operate heavy machinery at our processing facilities and accidents may occur while operating such machinery. These hazards can cause personal injury and loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property and equipment, environmental damage and may result in the suspension of operations and the imposition of civil and criminal liabilities. In 2023, due to an accident while cleaning the sand conveyor belt, an employee suffered permanent partial disability of his arm and was awarded ₹0.7 million as compensation in the workmen compensation proceedings. Also, in 2015, a sudden blast in the electrical panel led to the death of one of the employees, whose legal heirs have initiated certain legal proceedings for monetary compensation. For further details, see “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments” on page 375 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Liabilities incurred as a result of these events have the potential to adversely impact our financial position. Events like these could result in liabilities, or adversely affect our reputation with suppliers, customers, regulators, employees and the public, which could in turn affect our financial condition and business performance. 

**_49. Any failure to protect or enforce our rights to own or use trademarks and brand names and identities could have an adverse effect on our business and competitive position._** 

Our Tractors and Pick & Carry Cranes are bought by domestic customers as well as we export our products to various countries under our registered brand names “INDO FARM” & “INDO POWER” respectively. Further our corporate logo and other relevant trademarks are also critical to our business. Hence, our brand recalls used in selling our products are critical to our growth and continuous business. 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have 16 registered trademarks for which we have obtained valid registration certificates under various classes under the Trademarks Act in India. Our main logos, “INDO FARM”, “INDO POWER” are registered under various applicable classes of the Trademarks Act based on the products we offer and they are currently valid. Further we also use the brand ‘BAROTA’ which is registered in the name of our subsidiary Barota Finance Limited. If our Company is unable to renew any of the registrations thereof, we may still continue to use the logos but remain vulnerable to infringement and passing-off by third parties and will not be able to enforce any rights against them. We may also need to change our logo which may adversely affect our reputation and business and could require us to incur additional costs. 

Entities in India and abroad could pass off their own products as ours, including counterfeit products. Certain entities could imitate our brand name or attempt to create lookalike products and for example, counterfeit “INDO FARM” or “INDO POWER” products. As a result, our market share could be reduced due to replacement of demand for our products and deficiency in the quality of the counterfeit products will adversely affect our goodwill. We have also invested in our products to prevent counterfeit versions of our products from being distributed in the markets. Such measures include, monitoring products in the market and initiating actions against counterfeiters and registering our trademarks in jurisdictions we are present in and in jurisdictions we intend to export to, each of which entails incurring significant costs at our end. The proliferation of counterfeit products, and the time and attention lost to defending claims and complaints about counterfeit products could have an adverse effect on our goodwill and our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition could suffer. 

Further, we have not applied for or registered our trademarks in any of the foreign countries wherein we export our products. Local organizations in such countries could hence register a similar brand name and sell competing products and we may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual rights in such a situation. Further, similar sounding or looking products if any have a negative event in such country our brand image could also be damaged since we cannot restrain such competing organization from using a logo or brand similar to ours in their respective country. 

Any failure to renew registration of our registered trademarks may affect our right to use them in future. Our efforts to protect our intellectual property may not be adequate and any third-party claim may lead to erosion of our business value and our reputation, which could adversely affect our operations. It may lead to litigation and any such litigation could be time consuming and costly and their outcome cannot be guaranteed. Third parties may also infringe or copy our registered trademarks. We may not be able to detect any unauthorized use or take appropriate and timely steps to enforce or protect our trademarks. Further, if we do not maintain our brand name and identity, which is a principal 

50 

factor that differentiates us from our competitors, or if we fail to provide high quality projects on a timely basis, we may not be able to maintain our competitive edge. If we are unable to compete successfully, we could lose our customers, which would negatively affect our financial performance and profitability. Moreover, our ability to protect, enforce or utilize our brand is subject to risks, including general litigation risks. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that our brand name will not be adversely affected in the future by actions that are beyond our control, including customer complaints or adverse publicity from any other source. Any damage to our brand name, if not immediately and sufficiently remedied, could have an adverse effect on our business and competitive position. 

Finally, while we take care to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of others, we cannot determine with certainty whether we are infringing any existing third-party intellectual property rights, which may force us to alter our offerings. We may also be susceptible to claims from third parties asserting infringement and other related claims. If similar claims are raised in the future, these claims could result in costly litigation, divert management’s attention and resources, subject us to significant liabilities and require us to enter into potentially expensive royalty or licensing agreements or to cease certain offerings. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our business and competitive position. For details of the trademarks registered in the name of our Company please refer “Government and Other Approvals” on page no. 388 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_50. Product liability and other civil claims and costs incurred because of product recalls could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability or recall claims, especially in respect of our export operations, in the event that our products fail to perform as expected or such failure results, or is alleged to result, in bodily injury or property damage or both. We are procuring certain critical as well as non- critical components from third parties and we have no direct control over such processes, the procuring of such components may enhance our product liability risk. Consequently, we cannot assure you that we will not experience any material product liability losses in the future or that we will not incur significant costs to defend any such claims. 

As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have not faced any product liability or any civil claims in regards to our products, which are material in nature (not more than ₹ 37.52 million) which could harm our business and its operations. However, depending on the terms under which we supply products, our end customers may hold us responsible for some or all of the repair or replacement costs of defective products under new vehicle warranties provided by us or by our end customers, when the product supplied does not perform as expected. Such warranties may be enforced against us even in cases where the underlying warranties have expired. A successful warranty or product liability claim or costs incurred for a product recall in excess of our available insurance coverage, if any, would have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_51. Pursuant to listing of the Equity Shares, we may be subject to pre-emptive surveillance measures like Additional Surveillance Measure (“ASM”) and Graded Surveillance Measures (“GSM”) by the Stock Exchanges in order to enhance market integrity and safeguard the interest of investors._** 

SEBI and the Stock Exchanges have introduced various pre-emptive surveillance measures in order to enhance market integrity and safeguard the interests of investors, including ASM and GSM. ASM and GSM are imposed on securities of companies based on various objective criteria such as significant variations in price and volume, concentration of certain client accounts as a percentage of combined trading volume, average delivery, securities which witness abnormal price rise not commensurate with financial health and fundamentals such as earnings, book value, fixed assets, net worth, price / earnings multiple and market capitalization, among others.  Upon listing, the trading of our Equity Shares would be subject to differing market conditions as well as other factors which may result in high volatility in price, low trading volumes, and a large concentration of client accounts as a percentage of combined trading volume of our Equity Shares. The occurrence of any of the abovementioned factors or other circumstances may trigger any of the parameters prescribed by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges for placing our securities under the GSM and/or ASM framework or any other surveillance measures, which could result in significant restrictions on trading of our Equity Shares being imposed by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges. These restrictions may include requiring higher margin requirements, requirement of settlement on a trade for trade basis without netting off, limiting trading frequency, reduction of applicable price band, requirement of settlement on gross basis or freezing of price on upper side of trading, as well as the mentioning of our Equity Shares on the surveillance dashboards of the Stock Exchanges. The imposition of these restrictions and curbs on trading may have an adverse effect on market price, trading and liquidity of our Equity Shares and on the reputation and conditions of our Company. 

51 

**_52. A significant change in the regulatory environment, government schemes or duty exemptions could disrupt our business and may affect our cash flow and financial condition and the price of our Equity Shares._** 

The Government of India has traditionally exercised and continues to exercise a dominant influence over many aspects of the economy. Currently the company is availing following government schemes: 

- EPCG (Export Promotion Capital Goods) scheme benefits of basic duty exemption in terms of Foreign Trade Policy and complying conditions as per applicable provisions. 

- Claiming rebate of taxes/duties on inputs under Remission of Duties and Taxes on Exported Products (RoDTEP) scheme and Other Incentive at the applicable rates. Our Company has availed benefit of ₹ 3.70 millions in last 3 FYs and ₹ 0.20 millions as on period ended June 30,2024. 

- Claiming duty drawback expressed as a percentage of FOB value or the rate per unit quantity of the export goods, as the case maybe. Our Company has claimed the benefit of ₹ 11.74 millions in last 3 FYs and ₹ 0.52 millions as on period ended June 30,2024. 

Such economic policies have had and could continue to have a significant effect on private sector entities, including us, and on market conditions and prices of Indian securities, including the Equity Shares. Any significant change in the government’s policies or any political instability in India could adversely affect business and economic conditions in India and could also adversely affect our business, our future financial performance and the price of our Equity Shares. 

**_53. In addition to normal remuneration, other benefits and reimbursement of expenses of some of our directors (including our Promoter) and Key Management Personnel are interested in our Company to the extent of their shareholding and dividend entitlement in our Company._** 

Some of our Directors (including our Promoter) and Key Management Personnel are interested in our Company to the extent of their shareholding, loan, and dividend entitlement in our Company, in addition to normal remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses. We cannot assure you that our directors or our Key Management Personnel would always exercise their rights as Shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. As a result, our directors including our promoters will continue to exercise significant control over our Company, including being able to control the composition of our board of directors and determine decisions requiring simple or special majority voting, and our other Shareholders may be unable to affect the outcome of such voting. Our directors may take or block actions with respect to our business, which may conflict with our best interests or the interests of other minority Shareholders, such as actions with respect to future capital raising or acquisitions. We cannot assure you that our directors will always act to resolve any conflicts of interest in our favor, thereby adversely affecting our business and results of operations and prospects. 

**_54. Our future success will depend on our ability to effectively implement our business and growth strategies failing which our results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

Our success will depend, in large part, on our ability to effectively implement our business and growth strategies. We cannot assure you that we will be able to execute our strategies in a timely manner or within budget estimates or that we will meet the expectations of our clients and other stakeholders. We believe that our business and growth strategies will place significant demands on our senior management and other resources and will require us to develop and improve operational, financial and other internal controls. Any inability to manage our business and growth strategies could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, our business is to a large extent driven by our internal systems and control mechanism. Therefore, our continued growth is intrinsically linked to our being able to maintain adequate internal systems, processes and controls and our failure to maintain such systems could be an impediment to our growth. 

In addition, we believe that our ability to implement our business and growth strategies will also depend on our ability to expand in global markets. Our inability to maintain our growth or failure to successfully implement our growth strategies within time and cost expectations could have an adverse impact on the results of our operations, our financial condition and our business prospects. 

**_55. Competition in the industries in which we operate could result in a reduction in our market share or require us to incur substantial expenditures on advertising and marketing, either of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial conditions._** 

52 

The industries in which we operate are intensely competitive. We compete with several regional and local companies, as well as large multi-national companies that are larger and have substantially greater resources than we do, including the ability to spend more on advertising and marketing. We also face competition from new entrants who may have more flexibility in responding to changing business and economic conditions. Our Company is a very small player among the major players like Mahindra & Mahindra, John Deere, International Tractors (Sonalika), Tractors & Farm Equipment (TAFE), Escorts and we don’t have significant market share in the industry. Competition in our businesses can be based on, among other things, pricing, and innovation, perceived value, brand recognition, promotional activities, advertising, special events, new product introductions and other activities. It is difficult for us to predict the timing and scale of our competitors’ actions in these areas. We expect competition to continue to be intense as our existing competitors expand their operations and introduce new products. Our failure to compete effectively, including any delay in responding to changes in the industry and market, together with increased spending on advertising, may affect the competitiveness of our products, which may result in a decline in our revenues and profitability. Some of our competitors may be larger than us, or develop alliances to compete against us, have more financial and other resources and have products with greater brand recognition than ours. Our competitors in certain regions may also have better access or exclusive arrangements to procure raw materials required in our operations and may procure them at lower costs than us, and consequently be able to sell their products at lower prices. As a result, we cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against our existing or potential competitors or that our business and results of operations will not be adversely affected by increased competition. 

Further our NBFC vehicle finance operations depend on a number of factors, including the demand for our services and our ability to compete with other banks and financial institutions effectively. The banking and financing sector in India is highly competitive and we face competition in all our principal areas of business. We face our most significant organized competition from other SFBs, NBFCs, microfinance institutions and cooperative banks which have significant presence in rural areas, public sector banks, private sector banks, housing finance companies and other financial services companies in India. There are multiple players in the microfinance sector with varied organisational structures. 

Our competitors in the organized sector may have a better brand recognition, greater business experience, more diversified operations, a greater customer and depositor base, a larger branch network and better access to funding and at lower costs than we do. Ensuring compliance with the laws and regulations has and will continue to limit our revenue, thereby making it more difficult to compete with other players in the organized sector. In addition, we compete with informal sources of lending for microfinance loans, including moneylenders, landlords, local shopkeepers and traders. 

# **_56. Conflicts of Interests may arise with our Promoter Group Entities in the future._** 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, none of our promoter group entities are involved in manufacturing same or similar products as our company. However, some of our promoter group entities memorandum of association allows them to undertake similar activities. Our company has not signed any “No-Compete” agreement with any of our promoter and promoter group entities. Hence, to that extent there exists a risk of future conflicts of interest between our company and our promoter group entities. 

**_57. If we pursue strategic acquisitions or joint ventures, we may not be able to successfully consummate favourable transactions or successfully integrate acquired businesses._** 

We may from time to time evaluate potential acquisitions or joint ventures that would further our strategic objectives. Currently, we have a single subsidiary entity. However, we may not be able to identify suitable companies, consummate a transaction on terms that are favorable to us, or achieve expected returns and other benefits as a result of integration challenges or anti-monopoly regulations. Companies or operations acquired or joint ventures created by us may not be profitable or may not achieve sales levels and profitability that justify the investments made. Our corporate development activities may entail financial and operational risks, including diversion of management attention from its existing core business, difficulty in integrating or separating personnel and financial and other systems, and negative impacts on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers. Future acquisitions could also result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities; the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities and increased operating expenses, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

**_58. We face foreign exchange risks that could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows._** 

53 

As on June 30, 2024, we have foreign currency risk exposure of ₹ 76.01 million. Exposure arises primarily due to exchange rate fluctuations between the functional currency and other currencies from the Company’s operating, investing and financing activities. The Company undertakes transactions denominated in foreign currency (mainly US Dollar) which are subject to the risk of exchange rate fluctuations. Considering the low volume of foreign currency transactions, the Company’s exposure to foreign currency risk is limited hence the Company does not use any derivative instruments to manage its exposure. We may continue to remain exposed to movements in foreign exchanges we deal in for medium to short term periods. 

For details of our net exposure to currency risk please refers to “Restated Financial Statements – “Foreign Currency Risk “on page 274 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Also see, “Restated Financial Statements – Note 34: Financial Instruments” on page no. 268 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_59. Our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for sale by the Selling Shareholders_** 

The Offer comprises an Offer for Sale for upto 3,500,000 equity shares aggregating to ₹ [●] million by the Selling Shareholders. Our Company will not receive any proceeds of the Offer. However, in the event that the Offer is withdrawn or not completed for any reason whatsoever, all the Offer related expenses will be exclusively borne by our Company. The expenses of the Selling Shareholders will, at the outset, be borne by our Company and each Selling Shareholder will reimburse our Company for such expenses (inclusive of taxes) incurred by our Company on behalf of such Selling Shareholders, in relation to the Offer, upon successful completion of the Offer in the manner as prescribed under applicable law and in a manner as may be mutually agreed among our Company and the Selling Shareholders. 

# **_60. We may be subject to fraud, theft, employee negligence or similar incidents._** 

Our operations may be subject to incidents of theft or damage to inventory in transit, prior to or during delivery to our dealers. Our industry typically encounters some inventory loss on account of employee theft, vendor fraud and general administrative error. We maintain large amounts of inventory at our manufacturing facilities at all times and had a total inventory of ₹ 1,658.83 million, as of June 30, 2024. So far, our Company has not experienced any material fraud, theft or any such incident, however, there can be no assurance that we will not experience any fraud, theft, employee negligence, security lapse, loss in transit or similar incidents in the future, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Additionally, in case of losses due to theft, fire, breakage or damage caused by other casualties, there can be no assurance that we will be able to recover from our insurers the full amount of any such loss in a timely manner, or at all. If we incur a significant inventory loss due to third-party or employee theft and if such loss exceeds the limits of, or is subject to exclusion from, coverage under our insurance policies, it could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, if we file claims under an insurance policy it could lead to increases in the insurance premiums payable by us or the termination of coverage under the relevant policy. 

**_61. Any  material  deviation in the utilization of the  Net Proceeds  as  disclosed in  this Red  Herring Prospectus shall be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior approval of the shareholders of our Company._** 

The funding requirements and the deployment of the proceeds from this Issue are based on the current business plan and strategy of our Company. Our Company may have to revise this from time to time as a result of variations including changes in estimates and other external factors, which may not be within the control of the management of our Company. Such changes may entail rescheduling, revising, or canceling planned expenditures, and increasing or decreasing the deployment for a particular purpose. Any material deviation in the utilization of the Net Proceeds from the disclosures made in this Red Herring Prospectus will be subject to applicable laws and regulations, including compliance with the requirement for prior approval of the shareholders of our Company, as may be necessary. Accordingly, we may not be able to utilise the proceeds from this Issue in the manner set out in this Red Herring Prospectus in a timely manner or at all. In case of any increased expenditure or change in deployment, the actual utilization of funds may exceed the original estimates, subject to compliance with all relevant legal and regulatory requirements, including obtaining the necessary shareholder approval. 

**_62. Our Company has not paid dividends in the last 3 Fiscals. There can be no assurance that our Company will be in a position to pay dividends in the future._** 

54 

Our Company has not paid dividends on its Equity Shares for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2024 and for the period from April 1, 2024 to until the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. Our Company’s ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon a variety of factors, including our profitability, general financial conditions, capital requirements, results of operations, contractual obligations, financing arrangements and overall financial position, applicable Indian legal restrictions, our Company’s Articles of Association, and other factors considered relevant by the Board of Directors of our Company. Further, our Promoters and Promoter Group will continue to hold a significant portion of our post issue paid-up Equity Share capital and may have a significant ability to control the payment and/or the rate of dividends. Therefore, our Company cannot assure you that it will be able to declare dividends, of any particular amount or with any frequency in the future. For further details, see the chapter titled “Dividend Policy” beginning on page 230 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_63. We rely on contract labor to some extent for carrying out certain of our operations and we may be held responsible for paying the wages of such workers, if the independent contractors through whom such workers are hired default on their obligations, and such obligations could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition._** 

In order to retain flexibility and control costs, we appoint independent contractors who in turn engage on-site contract labor for performance of certain of our operations in each of our business verticals. As on June 30, 2024, our contracted labor force is 227 on a standalone and consolidated basis. Although we do not engage these laborers directly, we may be held responsible for any wage payments to be made to such laborers in the event of default by such independent contractor. In addition, under the Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970, as amended, we may be required to absorb a number of such contract labourers as permanent employees. In the event of any non-compliance by contractors with statutory requirements, legal proceedings may be initiated against us. Thus, any such order from a regulatory body or court may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_64. Certain Industry information included in this Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from the Company commissioned B2K Analytics Industry Report and our Company had paid for such Industry Report._** 

This Red Herring Prospectus includes information from the Company commissioned B2K Analytics Industry Report* titled “Agriculture Equipment & Crane Industry” dated August 16, 2024, which has been exclusively prepared for the purpose of the issue and is commissioned and paid-for by our Company. B2K Analytics has advised that, while it has taken due care and caution in preparing its report based on public information and industry and statistical data information obtained from sources which it considers reliable, it does not guarantee the adequacy or completeness of such information and is not liable for any loss or damage suffered because of reliance on the information contained in the report. The Company commissioned B2K Analytics Industry Report* highlights certain industry and market data relating to our Company and our Competitors. Such data is subject to many assumptions. Further, such assumptions may change based on various factors. The assumption of B2K Analytics has been obtained from sources generally believed to be reliable, but their completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed. Prospective investors are advised not to rely unduly on the Company commissioned B2K Analytics Industry Report* when making their investment decisions. 

_*This Industry Report dated August 16, 2024 is prepared by the agency, B2K Analytics Private Limited (B2K Analytics) which is commissioned and paid-for by the Issuer Company, exclusively for the purpose of this Issue. We officially engaged B2K Analytics in connection with the preparation of the above mentioned Report pursuant to the engagement letter dated August 06, 2024.  The B2K Analytics Report are available at the following weblink:https://www.indofarm.in/wp-content/uploads/2024/08/Agriculture-Equipment-Crane-Industry-Report-Indo-_ _<u>Farm.pdf. Also, the agency, B2K Analytics is not related to the Issuer / its Directors / Promoters.</u>_ 

# **External Risk Factors** 

# **_Risks relating to India_** 

# **_65. Changing regulations in India could lead to new compliance requirements that are uncertain._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate are evolving and are subject to change. The Government of India may implement new laws or other regulations and policies that could affect our business in general, which could lead to new compliance requirements, including requiring us to obtain approvals and licenses from the Government and other regulatory bodies, or impose onerous requirements. For instance, the GoI has introduced (a) the Code on Wages, 2019; (b) the Code on Social Security, 2020; (c) the Occupational Safety, Health and Working 

55 

Conditions Code, 2020; and (d) the Industrial Relations Code, 2020 which consolidate, subsume and replace numerous existing central labour legislations. While the rules for implementation under these codes have not been notified, we are yet to determine the impact of all or some such laws on our business and operations which may restrict our ability to grow our business in the future and increase our expenses. In another example, the GoI has made it mandatory for business establishments with turnover above a certain size to offer digital modes of payment from November 2019, with no charges being levied on the customers or the merchants by banks and payment service providers. Such measures could adversely impact our income streams in the future and adversely affect its financial performance. 

Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. For instance, the Supreme Court of India has in a decision clarified the components of basic wages which need to be considered by companies while making provident fund payments, which resulted in an increase in the provident fund payments to be made by companies. Any such decisions in future or any further changes in interpretation of laws may have an impact on our results of operations. 

**_66. Natural or man-made disasters, fires, epidemics, pandemics, acts of war, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other events could materially and adversely affect our business._** 

Natural disasters (such as typhoons, flooding and earthquakes), epidemics, pandemics such as COVID-19 and manmade disasters, including acts of war, terrorist attacks and other events, many of which are beyond our control, may lead to economic instability, including in India or globally, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations may be adversely affected by fires, natural disasters and/or severe weather, which can result in damage to our property or inventory and generally reduce our productivity and may require us to evacuate personnel and suspend operations. A number of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to contagious diseases and, for example, have had confirmed cases of diseases such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID-19. Any future outbreaks of COVID-19 or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the global economy and economic activity in the region. As a result, any present or future outbreak of a contagious disease could have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares. India has from time-to-time experienced instances of social, religious and civil unrest and hostilities between neighboring countries. Recently there has been ongoing mass protest by farmers, against three farm acts which were passed by the Parliament of India in September 2020. The introduction of the law caused protests in several parts of the country like Delhi, Haryana and Punjab. In case there are mass protests leading to civil unrest, such incidents could impact both our operations and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Present relations between India and Pakistan continue to be fragile on the issues of terrorism, armaments and Kashmir. In April 2019, skirmishes along India’s border with Pakistan and the downing of an Indian military jet fighter plane significantly escalated tensions between the two countries. India has also experienced terrorist attacks in some parts of the country. In November 2008, several coordinated shooting and bombing attacks occurred across Mumbai, India’s financial capital. These attacks resulted in loss of life, property and business. Military activity or terrorist attacks in the future could influence the Indian economy by disrupting communications and making travel more difficult and such political tensions could create a greater perception that investments in Indian companies involve higher degrees of risk. Events of this nature in the future, as well as social and civil unrest within other countries in Asia, could influence the Indian economy and could have a material adverse effect on the market for securities of Indian companies. 

**_67. A downgrade in ratings of India and other jurisdictions we operate may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. Any further adverse revisions to credit ratings for India and other jurisdictions we operate in by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing. This could have an adverse effect on our 

56 

ability to fund our growth on favourable terms and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_68. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in the United States, Asia and elsewhere in the world in recent years has adversely affected the Indian economy. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby negatively affect the Indian economy. Financial disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on our principal markets. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. Following the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union (“ **Brexit** ”), there remains significant uncertainty around the terms of their future relationship with the European Union including trade agreements between the United Kingdom and European Union and, more generally, as to the impact of Brexit on the general economic conditions in the United Kingdom and the European Union and any consequential impact on global financial markets. In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy as well as a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term effect of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. Any significant financial disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. These developments or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. Since December 2019, the ongoing outbreak of COVID-19 has affected countries globally, with the World Health Organization declaring the outbreak as a pandemic in March 2020. There have been border controls, lockdowns and travel restrictions imposed by various countries, as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak. Such an outbreak of an infectious disease together with the resulting restrictions on travel and/or imposition of lockdown measures have resulted in protracted volatility in domestic and international markets has resulted in a global slowdown and crisis. In particular, the COVID-19 outbreak has caused stock markets worldwide to fluctuate significantly in value and has impacted global economic activity. If we are unable to successfully anticipate and respond to changing economic and market conditions, our business, results of operations and financial condition and prospects may be adversely affected. 

**_69. The Indian tax regime has undergone substantial changes which could adversely affect our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any change in Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. For instance, the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2019, prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. According to this Act, companies can henceforth voluntarily opt in favour of a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which would ultimately reduce the effective tax rate (on gross basis) for Indian companies from 34.94% to approximately 25.17%. Any such future amendments may affect our ability to claim exemptions that we have historically benefited from, and such exemptions may no longer be available to us. The Government of India has also implemented two major reforms in Indian tax laws, namely the GST, and provisions relating to general anti-avoidance rules (“ **GAAR** ”). The indirect tax regime in India has undergone a complete overhaul. The indirect taxes on goods and services, such as central excise duty, service tax, central sales tax, state value added tax, surcharge and excise have been replaced by Goods and Service Tax with effect from July 1, 2017. The GST regime is relatively new and therefore is subject to amendments and its interpretation by the relevant regulatory authorities. GAAR became effective from April 1, 2017. The tax consequences of the GAAR provisions being applied to an arrangement may result in, among others, a denial of tax benefit to us and our business. In the absence of any precedents on the subject, the application of these provisions is subjective. If the GAAR provisions are made applicable to us, it may have an adverse tax impact on us. Further, if the tax costs associated with certain of our transactions are greater than anticipated because of a particular tax risk materializing on account of new tax 

57 

regulations and policies, it could affect our profitability from such transactions. The Finance Act, 2020 has, amongst others things, provided a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime, including, without limitation, a simplified alternate direct tax regime. For instance, dividend distribution tax (“ **DDT** ”) will not be payable by a domestic company in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by the company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as nonresident and are likely be subject to tax deduction at source. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source from such dividend. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. Further, the Government of India has notified the Finance (No.2) Bill 2024 (“ **Finance Act** ”) which has introduced various amendments to taxation laws in India. There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. In addition, unfavorable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. 

**_70. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our products at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our customers thereby reducing our margins._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of wages and other expenses relevant to our business. High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our customers, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or increase the price of our products to pass the increase in costs on to our customers. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. Further, the Government of India has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

**_71. A third-party could be prevented from acquiring control of us post this Offer, because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian law._** 

As a listed Indian entity, there are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company. Under the Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company subsequent to completion of the Offer. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to our shareholders, such a takeover may not be attempted or consummated because of Takeover Regulations. 

**_72. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us, our Directors or any of their directors and executive officers in India respectively, except by way of a lawsuit in India._** 

Our Company is a company incorporated under the laws of India and all of our directors are located in India. A majority of our assets, our Key Managerial Personnel and officers are also located in India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to affect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce judgments obtained against such parties outside India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if that court was of the view that the number of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy, or if judgments are in breach or contrary to Indian law. In addition, a party seeking 

58 

to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain approval from the RBI to execute such a judgment or to repatriate outside India any amounts recovered. Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13 and Section 44A of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908. India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with only a limited number of jurisdictions, such as the United Kingdom, United Arab Emirates, Singapore and Hong Kong. In order to be enforceable, a judgment from a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements established in the Indian Code of Civil Procedure, 1908. The CPC only permits the enforcement and execution of monetary decrees in the reciprocating jurisdiction, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India, including the United States, cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the nonreciprocating territory, would not be directly enforceable in India. The party in whose favour a final foreign judgment in a non-reciprocating territory is rendered may bring a fresh suit in a competent court in India based on the final judgment within three years of obtaining such final judgment. However, it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the number of damages as excessive or inconsistent with the public policy in India. Further, there is no assurance that a suit brought in an Indian court in relation to a foreign judgment will be disposed of in a timely manner. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain the prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered, and we cannot assure that such approval will be forthcoming within a reasonable period of time, or at all, or that conditions of such approval would be acceptable. Such an amount may also be subject to income tax in accordance with applicable law. 

# **_Risks relating to the Equity Shares and this Offer_** 

# **_73. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholders in consultation with the BRLM through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for the Offer Price_ ” on page no. 105 of this Red Herring Prospectus and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results of our Company, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, problems such as temporary closure, broker default and settlement delays experienced by the Indian Stock Exchanges, strategic actions by us or our competitors, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. Consequently, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all. There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past, and our Equity Share price could fluctuate significantly because of market volatility. A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause investors to lose some or all of their investment. 

# **_74. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of income arising on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares held as investments in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax (“STT”) is levied on equity shares sold on an Indian stock exchange. Any capital gain exceeding ₹100,000, realized on the sale of listed equity shares on a recognised stock exchange, held for more than 12 months may be subject to long-term capital gains tax in India at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess). This beneficial provision is, inter alia, subject to payment of STT on both acquisition and sale of the equity shares. Further any capital gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares of an Indian company, held for more than 12 months, which are sold using any platform other than a recognized stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, will be subject to long term capital gains tax in India at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess), without indexation benefits. 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of our Equity Shares held for a period of 12 months or less immediately preceding the date of transfer, will be subject to short-term capital gains tax in India at the rate of 15% (plus 

59 

applicable surcharge and cess), subject to STT being paid at the time of sale of such shares. Otherwise, such gains will be taxed at the applicable rates. 

Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will not be chargeable to tax in India in cases where relief from such taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident read with the Multilateral Instrument, if and to the extent applicable, and the seller is entitled to avail benefits thereunder. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain realised upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

The stamp duty for transfer of certain securities, other than debentures, on a delivery basis is currently specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. 

Any dividends paid by an Indian company will be subject to tax in the hands of the shareholders at applicable rates. Such taxes will be withheld by the Indian company paying dividends. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source pursuant to any corporate action including dividends. Investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors and to carefully consider the potential tax consequences of owning Equity Shares. Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. 

**_75. Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Offer._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entries, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited with the Equity Shares within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately three Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within three Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in the listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise any delay in commencing trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

**_76. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked instruments by us may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by shareholders with significant shareholding may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering of Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares including through exercise of employee stock options, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us or sales of our Equity Shares by our shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. Any disposal of Equity Shares by our major shareholders or the perception that such issuance or sales may occur, including to comply with the minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of the Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. There can be no assurance that we will not issue Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares or that our Shareholders will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of your investment in the Equity Shares. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. 

**_77. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

60 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. In addition, pursuant to the Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the DPIIT, which has been incorporated as the proviso to Rule 6(a) of the FEMA Non-debt Rules, all investments under the foreign direct investment route by entities of a country or where the beneficial owner of the Equity Shares is situated in or is a citizen of any such country, can only be made through the Government approval route, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy dated October 15, 2020 and the FEMA Rules. While the term “beneficial owner” is defined under the Prevention of Money-Laundering (Maintenance of Records) Rules, 2005 and the General Financial Rules, 2017, neither the foreign direct neither investment policy nor the FEMA Rules provide a definition of the term “beneficial owner”. The interpretation of “beneficial owner” and enforcement of this regulatory change involves certain uncertainties, which may have an adverse effect on our ability to raise foreign capital. Further, there is uncertainty regarding the timeline within which the said approval from the GoI may be obtained, if at all. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For further information, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page no. 445 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_78. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which investors may be more familiar with and may consider material to their assessment of our financial condition._** 

Our Restated Financial Statements for Fiscals 2022, 2023 and 2024 have been prepared and presented in conformity with Ind AS. Ind AS differs in certain significant respects from IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. If our financial statements were to be prepared in accordance with such other accounting principles, our results of operations, cash flows and financial position may be substantially different. Prospective investors should review the accounting policies applied in the preparation of our financial statements, and consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between these accounting principles and those with which they may be more familiar. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

**_79. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after the submission of their Bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after closure of the Bid/ Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/ Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until the Bid/ Offer Closing Date. While we are required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within Three Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by the SEBI, events affecting the investors’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events may limit the Investors’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

**_80. Rights of shareholders of companies under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Our Articles of Association, composition of our Board, Indian laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive and wide-spread as shareholders' rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may 

61 

face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder of our Company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

**_81. Compliance with provisions of Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act may affect payments on the Equity Shares._** 

The U.S. “Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act” (or “ **FATCA** ”) imposes a new reporting regime and potentially, imposes a 30% withholding tax on certain “foreign pass thru payments” made by certain non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries). If payments on the Equity Shares are made by such non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries), this withholding may be imposed on such payments if made to any non-U.S. financial institution (including an intermediary) that is not otherwise exempt from FATCA or other holders who do not provide sufficient identifying information to the payer, to the extent such payments are considered “foreign pass thru payments”. Under current guidance, the term “foreign pass thru payment” is not defined and it is therefore not clear whether and to what extent payments on the Equity Shares would be considered “foreign pass thru payments”. The United States has entered into intergovernmental agreements with many jurisdictions (including India) that modify the FATCA withholding regime described above. It is not yet clear how the intergovernmental agreements between the United States and these jurisdictions will address “foreign pass thru payments” and whether such agreements will require us or other financial institutions to withhold or report on payments on the Equity Shares to the extent they are treated as “foreign pass thru payments”. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the consequences of FATCA, or any intergovernmental agreement or non-U.S. legislation implementing FATCA, to their investment in Equity Shares. 

# **_82. Investors may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting on such resolution. However, if the law of the jurisdiction the investors are in, does not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our Company filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless our Company makes such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in our Company would be reduced. 

# **_83. U.S. holders should consider the impact of the passive foreign investment company rules in connection with an investment in our Equity Shares._** 

A foreign corporation will be treated as a Passive Foreign Investment Company (“ **PFIC** ”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes for any taxable year in which either: (i) at least 75% of its gross income is “passive income” or (ii) at least 50% of its gross assets during the taxable year (based on of the quarterly values of the assets during a taxable year) are “passive assets,” which generally means that they produce passive income or are held for the production of passive income. 

There can be no assurance that our Company will or will not be considered a PFIC in the current or future years. The determination of whether or not our Company is a PFIC is a factual determination that is made annually after the end of each taxable year, and there can be no assurance that our Company will not be considered a PFIC in the current taxable year or any future taxable year because, among other reasons, (i) the composition of our Company’s income and assets will vary over time, and (ii) the manner of the application of relevant rules is uncertain in several respects. Further, our Company’s PFIC status may depend on the market price of its Equity Shares, which may fluctuate considerably. 

62 

