# **SECTION II - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risks described below may not be exhaustive or the only ones relevant to us, the Equity Shares or the industry segments in which we currently operate or to India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently do not deem material may arise or may become material in the future. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial implication of any of the risks mentioned below. If any or a combination of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are not currently deemed material, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. Furthermore, some events may be material collectively rather than individually. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section._ 

_In order to obtain a complete understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Industry Overview”, “Our Business”, “Key Regulations and Policies”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations” and “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments” on pages 118, 165, 176, 353 and 383, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and our business and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. Potential investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. Potential investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to legal and regulatory environment which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involves risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. See “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 17._ 

_In this section, any reference to the “Company”, we”, “us” or “our” for the three months ended June 30, 2022, Fiscals 2022, 2021 and 2020 refers to Inox Green Energy Services Limited on a consolidated basis. Unless the context requires otherwise, all financial information included herein is derived from our Restated Consolidated Financial Information. For further information, see “Financial Information” on page 224._ 

_Unless stated otherwise, industry and market data used in this section has been obtained or derived from publicly available information as well as industry publications, other sources and the report titled “Renewable Power Market and O&M Services for Wind Energy in India - update” dated September 21, 2022, released on September 30, 2022, prepared and issued by CRISIL (the “_ **_CRISIL Report_** _”) (which is a paid report and was exclusively commissioned and paid for by us in connection with the Offer). CRISIL was appointed on April 28, 2022, pursuant to an engagement letter entered into with our Company. Unless otherwise indicated, all industry and other related information derived from the CRISIL Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year._ 

# **Risks in relation to our Business, Operational and Financial Performance** 

**_1. We are currently entirely dependent on Inox Wind Limited, our Promoter for our business and if they were to choose another service provider for operation and maintenance services of their wind turbine generators, our business, financial condition and prospects may be adversely affected._** 

Pursuant to an exclusivity agreement dated December 17, 2021, between our Company and Inox Wind Limited, our Promoter and largest shareholder, we provide exclusive O&M services for all WTGs sold by Inox Wind Limited through the entry of long-term O&M contracts between the WTG customer and ourselves which range between five to 20 years in term. Thus, we derive our revenues from O&M services offered to WTGs supplied by Inox Wind Limited. 

While no such instance has occurred in the past, any dispute with Inox Wind Limited, including in relation to warranties and guarantees provided by them or the revocation of our exclusivity agreement, may have a 

30 

material impact on future support and business we seek to derive from Inox Wind Limited. Further, we may not be able to find a suitable replacement for such business, if at all. Furthermore, the deterioration of the financial condition or business prospects of Inox Wind Limited could reduce the requirement of O&M services offered by us and result in a significant decrease in our revenues. Therefore, any adverse developments in our relationship with Inox Wind Limited may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and prospects. 

**_2. We have entered into a business transfer agreement by which we divested our erection, procurement and commissioning business to one of the subsidiaries of our Promoter, Resco Global Wind Services Private Limited (“BTA”), which imposes certain contractual obligations on our Company._** 

On December 31, 2021, our Company has executed the BTA to divest and transfer the erection and commissioning services of WTGs (“ **EPC Business** ”) to one of the subsidiaries of our Promoter, Resco Global Wind Services Private Limited (“ **Resco** ”) as a going concern on a slump sale basis for an aggregate consideration of ₹46.98 million. Under the BTA, the EPC Business including intellectual property, contracts, insurance policies, employees, business information, accounts receivables, claims and benefits under warranties from suppliers, construction materials, project development, erection and commissioning work-in-progress, along with its liabilities such as trade payables and certain litigations (“ **Assumed Legal Proceedings** ”) (collectively, “ **Business Undertaking** ”) has been transferred to Resco. In terms of the BTA, our Company is contractually bound to bear the cost and expenses incurred in continuing, defending and enforcing all legal proceedings pertaining to the EPC Business, barring certain Assumed Legal Proceedings (as listed out in Schedule 1 to the BTA). Accordingly, in the event any such legal proceeding is adversely adjudicated against our Company, it may have an adverse impact on our business and financial condition. Further, in terms of the BTA, our Company is also obligated to discharge an indemnity obligation to Resco for losses attributable to a breach of a representation or warranty under the BTA as well as non-compliance with applicable laws by our Company. 

Similarly, the Assumed Legal Proceedings in relation to the EPC Business are to be transferred to Resco pursuant to the BTA, however, those litigations will continue to be disclosed as litigations involving our Company till the respective judicial and quasi-judicial forums pass an order to substitute our Company with Resco. While we have an irrevocable and unconditional indemnity from Resco in relation to the claims arising out of breach of any covenants under the EPC contracts or a litigation related to the EPC Business, there can be no assurance that Resco will be able to indemnify us (wholly or in part) for such claims or litigation and we may incur additional expenses and losses in connection with such matters. 

**_3. We along with certain entities have provided security in form of pari-passu charge on our movable fixed assets, guarantees and a shortfall undertaking against the term loan facilities availed by Resco Global Wind Services Private Limited (“Resco”), and failure by Resco to repay such loan facilities, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition._** 

We, along with certain entities have provided security including a shortfall undertaking, guarantees, and have hypothecated our assets against loans availed by Resco, which is one of the subsidiaries of our Promoter. We have transferred two term loan facilities with outstanding amount aggregating to ₹650 million (“ **Outstanding Amount** ”), availed from Arka Fincap Limited (“ **Arka** ”) (“ **Loans I and II** ”), to Resco, pursuant to the novation agreements dated December 28, 2021 and the business transfer agreement dated December 31, 2021. For details, see risk factor number 2 - “ _We have entered into a business transfer agreement by which we divested our EPC business to one of the subsidiaries of our Promoter, Resco Global Wind Services Private Limited (“BTA”), which imposes certain contractual obligations on our Company_ ” on page 31. We have provided guarantees and have hypothecated and charged our movable fixed assets (excluding current assets) (“ **Hypothecated Assets** ”) in terms of the deeds of guarantee and the deeds of hypothecation, pursuant to the novation agreements dated December 28, 2021, against Loans I and II. In terms of the deeds of guarantee for Loans I and II, if the Outstanding Amount is not paid by Resco, our Company will be liable to pay the Outstanding Amount to Arka. In case of default by our Company, Arka can levy a default interest of 2% per annum on the Outstanding Amount which will have to be paid by our Company along with the Outstanding Amount and other applicable charges. Further, under the deeds of hypothecation for Loans I and II, our Company has undertaken to pay the Outstanding Amount and other relevant costs and charges due to Arka and the payment has been secured by the Hypothecated Assets. In case of an event of default, the Hypothecated Assets can be, inter alia, sold, taken over or disposed off by Arka. 

31 

Resco has also availed a term loan facility amounting to ₹3,250 million (“ **Facility Amount** ”) (“ **Loan III** ”) (together with Loans I and II, the “ **Loans** ”) from Credit Suisse AG (together with Arka, the “ **Lenders** ”). We along with certain other entities have hypothecated and charged our movable fixed assets (excluding current assets) (“ **Charged Assets** ”) in terms of the deed of hypothecation dated May 27, 2022 (“ **DoH** ”) and have provided a shortfall undertaking in terms of the deed of shortfall undertaking dated May 27, 2022 (“ **DoSU** ”), against the Loan III. In terms of the DoH, our Company has undertaken to pay the Facility Amount and other relevant costs and charges due to Credit Suisse AG and the payment has been secured by the Charged Assets. In case of an event of default, a receiver can be appointed by the security trustee to, _inter alia_ , take possession and collect all or any part of the Charged Assets. In relation to Loan III, Resco and our Promoter have also hypothecated their assets. Further, under the DoSU, our Company and our Promoter have undertaken to pay the Facility Amount and other relevant costs and charges to Credit Suisse AG. In the event Resco is unable to repay the Loans, the Lenders may invoke the security, guarantees and/or short fall undertaking towards fulfilment of our obligations as per the terms of the documentation entered into with the Lenders, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. Further, in the event Resco is unable to repay us the amount paid by our Company, in relation to the Loans, it could have an adverse effect on our cash flows, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_4. The sale of services may decrease in the future._** 

As of June 30, 2022, our O&M services portfolio consisted of an aggregate 2,792 MW of wind farm capacity and 1,396 WTGs. Of the 2,792 MW capacity, 1,964 MW was attributable to our contracts for comprehensive O&M services and 828 MW was attributable to our common infrastructure O&M contracts. In general, our comprehensive O&M contracts cover the provision of O&M services to both WTGs installed on a wind farm and the common infrastructure facilities, such as electrical substations and transmission lines, which support the wind farm; our common infrastructure O&M contracts relate only to the provision of O&M services on the common infrastructure facilities. These contracts are typically entered into for a term of between five to 20 years, with certain contracts stipulating an option to renew for a further period of 25 years. For three months ended June 30, 2022, Fiscals 2022, 2021 and 2020, our revenue from operations were ₹617.88 million, ₹1,721.66 million, ₹1,722.48 million and ₹1,653.15 million, respectively. 

A decrease in the sale of our services resulting from, for example, more of our customers electing to terminate their WTG O&M contracts or common infrastructure O&M contracts or both i.e., comprehensive O&M contracts, with our Company or decrease in the margins we derive from the sale of our services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **_5. The renewal rate of service contracts may decrease in the future and customers may move from comprehensive O&M contracts to common infrastructure O&M contracts._** 

We have experienced recent instances where a few large independent power producers (“ **IPPs** ”), which had entered into comprehensive O&M contracts with us, have opted to terminate such contracts to internalise their WTG O&M services and have entered into new common infrastructure O&M contracts with us in respect of the common infrastructure facilities supporting their wind farm. These contracts are for an aggregate of 828 MW, as of June 30, 2022. However, such terminations have not had any significant impact on our business since the new common infrastructure O&M contracts have higher margins as compared to the original comprehensive O&M contracts. There can be no assurance that such instances will not occur in the future and this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

There is also a risk that our customers may not renew their service contracts or that renewal terms may be less favorable to us than our current contracts with them or that competition from other service providers may negatively impact the prices at which we can successfully contract for our services. Additionally, certain turbine manufacturers, may expand their service capabilities to be able to service turbines from our portfolio. Further, a decrease in the sale of our services resulting from a decrease in the rate of service renewal could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

**_6. Orders in our Promoter, Inox Wind Limited’s order book may be delayed, modified or cancelled, and letters of intent may be withdrawn or may not translate to confirmed orders._** 

32 

As indicated in risk factor number 1, we are entirely dependent on Inox Wind Limited, our Promoter, for our business and as of June 30, 2022, Inox Wind Limited’s had entered into binding contracts for supply and erection of 2 MW capacity WTGs for an aggregate capacity of 964 MW. Further, Inox Wind Limited had also received letters of intent, which are non-binding and which therefore may not lead to execution of any form of binding contract from various customers for the purchase of its next generation 3.3 MW capacity WTGs for an aggregate capacity of 524.7 MW. While the executed contracts may be considered “firm”, cancellations or unanticipated variations or scope or schedule adjustments of these agreements may occur. Due to changes in project scope and schedule, we cannot predict with certainty when, or if the wind projects in Inox Wind Limited’s order book will be performed and consequently result in generating revenue for us. Any project cancellations or scope adjustments, which may occur from time to time, could reduce the amount of Inox Wind Limited’s order book and the income and profits that we ultimately earn from the successful completion of these contracts. Any delay or cancellation could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, before entering into a binding contract with Inox Wind Limited, some customers generally issue letters of intent/awards which they can withdraw at any time before entering into an EPC contract. As such, issued letters of intent/awards may not lead to confirmed orders, which could impact our operations and financial condition. While we have not faced situations where letters of intent/awards to Inox Wind Limited have been withdrawn, we cannot guarantee that customers will enter into a definitive contract with Inox Wind Limited after issuing a letter of intent/award. 

# **_7. There are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company, Subsidiaries, Directors, Promoter and our Group Companies._** 

There are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company, Subsidiaries, Directors, Promoter and Group Companies. These proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and appellate tribunals. Such proceedings could divert management time and attention and consume financial resources in their defense. Furthermore, an adverse judgment in some of these proceedings could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future cash flows. In the past, Inox Wind Limited, had entered into settlement agreements with various third parties. Due to extenuating circumstances, few of these settlement agreements resulted in further litigations with the corresponding third parties. There can be no assurance that such instances may not arise in the future. 

A summary of the outstanding proceedings (including such criminal matters that are at a pre-litigation stage i.e. police complaints and matters that are currently either at the investigation stage or at the FIR stage) involving our Company, Subsidiaries, Directors, Promoter and Group Companies in accordance with requirements under the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Materiality Policy, as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus, to the extent quantifiable, have been set out below: 

|**Particulars**|**Number of cases**|**Amount**<br><sup>**#**</sup>|**(in**|**₹**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|||**million)**|||
|**_Litigation involving our Company_**|||||
|**Against our Company**|||||
|Civilproceedings<sup>^</sup>|20|2,854.31*|||
|Claims relating to direct and indirect tax proceedings|12|277.94|||
|Criminal proceedings|16|32.50*|||
|Actions by statutory and regulatory authorities against our<br>Company|17|2.18<sup>*</sup>|||
|**By our Company**|||||
|Civil proceedings<sup>^</sup>|4|465.87|||
|Criminal proceedings|4|-|||
|**_Litigation involving our Subsidiaries_**|||||
|**By our Subsidiary**|||||
|Civil proceedings<sup>^</sup>|1|-|||
|**_Litigation involving our Promoter_**|||||
|**Against our Promoter**|||||
|Civilproceedings<sup>^</sup>|25|2,757.71<sup>*</sup>|||
|Claims relating to direct and indirect tax proceedings|32|1,581.46|||
|<br>Criminalproceedings|26|127.10<sup>*</sup>|||
|Actions by statutory and regulatory authorities against our|2|17.64<sup>*</sup>|||



33 

|**Particulars**|**Number of cases**|**Amount**<br>**million)**<sup>**#**</sup>|**(in**|**₹**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Promoter|||||
|**By our Promoter**|||||
|Civil proceedings<sup>^</sup>|4|1,443.73<sup>*</sup>|||
|Criminal proceedings|3|40.48|||
|**_Litigation involving our Directors_**|||||
|**Against our Directors**|||||
|**_Manoj Shambhu Dixit_**|||||
|Criminal proceedings|7|24.30<sup>*</sup>|||
|**_Mukesh Manglik_**|||||
|Criminal proceedings|7|24.30<sup>*</sup>|||
|**_Vineet Valentine Davis_**|||||
|Criminalproceedings|13|24.30<sup>*</sup>|||
|Actions by statutory and regulatory authorities against our Director|2|-|||
|**_Venkatanarayanan Sankaranarayanan_**|||||
|Criminal proceedings|15|134.60<sup>*</sup>|||
|**_Shanti Prashad Jain_**|||||
|Criminalproceedings|16|134.60<sup>*</sup>|||
|**_Bindu Saxena_**|||||
|Criminal proceedings|9|112.10|||
|<br>**_Litigation involving our Group Companies_**|||||
|Civil proceedings<sup>^</sup>|1|244.04|||



_Note: Our Promoter is a party to certain civil and criminal litigations involving our Company. Further, some of our Directors are a party to certain criminal proceedings involving our Company and our Promoter. ^Based on the Materiality Policy *To the extent quantifiable #The amount involved in all the proceedings (except claims relating to direct and indirect tax proceedings) does not include the interest component, if any, claimed in the respective proceedings._ 

The above is inclusive of certain criminal matters comprising cases that are at the pre-litigation stage (i.e., police complaints and matters that are currently either at the investigation stage or at the FIR stage) and some matters, cognizance of which has been taken by the court. In the event that such criminal matters which are currently at the pre-litigation stages get converted into a litigation, they could divert our management’s time, resources and also consume financial resources in their defense. Further, we cannot provide assurance that any of these proceedings will be decided in our favour or in favour of our Directors, Subsidiaries or our Promoter or no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. An adverse outcome in any of these proceedings could have an adverse effect on our Company, our Directors, our Subsidiaries or our Promoter, as well as on our reputation, business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

For further details of such legal proceedings and notices involving our Company, Subsidiaries, Directors Promoter and Group Companies, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” beginning on page 383. 

We cannot provide assurance that these legal proceedings will be decided in our favour. Further, we have provisioned for probable liabilities, to the extent quantifiable, arising out of outstanding litigation. The amount of ₹2,368.48 million is reflected as contingent liabilities with respect to outstanding litigation, as on June 30, 2022. 

# **_8. We have certain contingent liabilities, which if they materialize, may adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

As of June 30, 2022, our Restated Consolidated Financial Information disclosed the following contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37 – Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets: 

|**Particulars**|**As of June 30, 2022**<br>**_(in ₹ million)_**|
|---|---|
|Claimsmade by contractors|435.44|
|Claims made by customers|1,210.21|
|Claimsmade by vendorsinthe NCLT|102.95|
|Income Tax related matters|0.92|
|VAT/ GST relatedmatters|225.48|



34 

|**Particulars**|**As of June 30, 2022**<br>**_(in ₹million)_**|
|---|---|
|PBG to Solar Energy Corporation of India|371.88|
|Other claims|21.60|
|**Total**|**2,368.48**|



The contingent liabilities as a percentage of our net worth as of June 30, 2022, was 29.79%. Further, our contingent liabilities may become actual liabilities and if a significant portion of these liabilities materialize, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. However, in the past, whenever our contingent liabilities have materialized, the same have been appropriately settled through the provisions made in our books of account. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will not incur similar or increased levels of contingent liabilities in the current fiscal or in the future. 

Furthermore, estimated amounts of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and not provided for (net of advances) as of June 30, 2022 were ₹98.46 million and the estimated amounts of capital commitment for setting up wind farm projects as awarded by Solar Energy Corporation of India as of June 30, 2022 were ₹32,119.28 million. 

# **_9. Adverse change in credit ratings assigned to us may affect our ability to raise funds for future capital requirements._** 

Our Company’s term loans from IndusInd Bank Limited, HDFC Bank Limited and ICICI Bank Limited are currently rated AA (CE)/ Stable by CRISIL and our term loan from YES Bank Limited is rated BBB/ Stable by CRISIL. In the past, we have faced changes in the credit rating assigned to certain debt instruments, however the same were insignificant in nature and had no adverse impact on our ability to raise funds. Such debt instruments issued by our Company were rated by CRISIL Ratings Limited based on the corporate guarantee(s) provided by Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited, one of our Group Companies. These ratings were in the nature of structured obligations (SO) and credit enhancement (CE) based ratings. Changes to the same in the past three years are as follows: 

|**Date**|**Long Term**|**Rating Watch/Outlook**|
|---|---|---|
|June 3, 2022|CRISIL AA (CE)|Stable|
|October 13, 2021|CRISIL AA (CE)|Negative|
|October7,2021|CRISIL AA(CE)|Negative|
|September 6, 2021|CRISIL AA (CE)|Negative|
|August 3, 2021|CRISIL AA (CE)|Negative|
|October 12, 2020|CRISIL AA (CE)|Negative|
|September 24, 2020|CRISIL AA (CE)/ PROVISIONAL CRISIL AA (CE)|Negative|
|May27,2020|CRISIL AA-(CE)|Negative|
|September 7, 2019|CRISIL AA (CE)|Stable|



Notwithstanding the above, any adverse change in credit ratings assigned to our Company in the future may impact our ability to raise additional funds and/or the interest cost at which we borrow additional funds and could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Certain additional restrictive covenants may also become applicable on a part of our indebtedness in case of downward revision of certain ratings. Further, we cannot assure you that we will not tie any of our future indebtedness that have linkages to rating levels changes which may result in an increase in pricing, restrictions on debt and other actions. 

Further, any change in the credit rating of our Promoter, Inox Wind Limited and its promoter, Inox Wind Energy Limited may also result in an adverse change in our ratings or the rating of our existing debt. Furthermore, any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely affect our ratings, the rating of our existing debt and the terms on which we are able to finance future capital expenditure or refinance any existing indebtedness. 

# **_10. The demand for wind power projects and consequently our services is dependent on the cost of windgenerated electricity compared to electricity generated from other sources._** 

The growth in new wind installations and consequently our services may not be as per industry expectations and there can be no assurance that such expectations or management estimates in this regard will be accurate. According to CRISIL, wind capacity additions of between 17-20 GW are expected between Fiscal 

35 

2023 and 2027. However, factors such as sustainability at low bid tariffs, adequate transmission infrastructure, continued delayed payments from state-owned discoms, poor bid response and slow tendering/ auctioning activities may act as restraints to such addition. In addition, there have been several technological innovations within the renewable energy industry which could lead to other forms of renewable energy, such as solar or bio-diesels, emerging as more cost competitive, thereby taking market share away from wind technology, adversely affecting the future growth prospects of the wind energy industry in general and our growth prospects in particular as an O&M service provider in this sector. 

Furthermore, notwithstanding the climate change commitments made by various countries made at various global conferences, the cost of oil, coal and other fossil fuels is a key factor in determining the effectiveness of wind and other forms of renewable energy from an economic perspective. In particular, cheaper and large supplies of fossil fuels favor non-wind energy generation, while more expensive and limited supplies of fossil fuels would favor wind energy generation. Discovery of new and significant oil, gas and coal deposits or a decline in the global prices of oil, gas and coal and other petroleum products, could result in lower demand for wind energy projects, which could limit our potential for growth, adversely impacting our business and financial condition. 

# **_11. Our Company has issued preference shares to our Promoter which are redeemable on demand at any time within a period of five years from the date of allotment._** 

Our Company issued and allotted cumulatively 200,000,000 0.01% non-convertible, non-cumulative, participating, redeemable preference shares of ₹10 each (“ **Preference Shares** ”) to our Promoter on November 3, 2021 and December 31, 2021. For further details, please see “ _Capital Structure – Preference Share capital history of our Company_ ” on page 92. The Preference Shares are not convertible to Equity Shares, do not carry any voting rights and are redeemable at par at any time within a period of five years from the date of allotment. Our Promoter, as a holder of the Preference Shares, has the right to (i) receive dividend in priority to the Equity Shares; (ii) receive a participatory dividend in a financial year in which the Company pays dividend to its Shareholders, at the same rate as the dividend paid on Equity Shares; and (iii) demand the redemption of the Preference Shares at any time within a period of five years from the date of allotment. In the event, our Promoter demands the redemption of the entire Preference Share capital and our Company redeems the Preference Shares, it could adversely impact our cash flow, financial condition and prospects. Further, in the event our Company is unable to redeem the Preference Shares, it could adversely impact our operations, business and credit rating. 

# **_12. Our Company has availed an unsecured inter corporate loan from our Promoter, which may be recalled on demand._** 

In terms of a loan agreement dated April 1, 2019, our Company has availed of a short term business loan (bearing an interest rate of 12% per annum) in the nature of an inter corporate deposit from our Promoter and as on September 30, 2022, the amount outstanding under this inter corporate deposit was ₹766.72 million, including interest thereon. The repayment of the unsecured loan is not an object of the Offer. Further, this loan can be recalled at any time by our Promoter. While no such instance has occurred in the past, in the event our Company is unable to repay such loan upon recall, an event of default could be deemed to have occurred, which could adversely affect our business and operations. 

**_13. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest._** 

In the ordinary course of our business, we enter into and will continue to enter into transactions with related parties (including inter corporate loans to our subsidiaries). As mentioned above, we derive a large part of revenues from O&M services offered to WTGs supplied by Inox Wind Limited, our Promoter and largest shareholder. These services are offered pursuant to an exclusivity agreement between our Company and Inox Wind Limited, which is a related party. 

While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, we cannot assure you that we might have obtained more favorable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. While we will conduct all related party transactions post listing of the Equity Shares subject to the Board’s or Shareholders’ approval, as applicable, and in compliance with the applicable accounting standards, provisions of Companies Act, 2013, as amended, provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations and other applicable law, such related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of 

36 

interest. Our Company will endeavor to duly address such conflicts of interest as and when they may arise, however, we cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, may not involve potential conflict of interest which will not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Furthermore, it is likely that we may enter into related party transactions in the future. While no such instance has occurred in the past, related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest which may be detrimental to our Company and may have an adverse impact on our Company. In respect of loans or advances that our Company and subsidiaries provide to related parties, there can be no assurance that we will be able to recover all or any part of such loans or advances which, if unrecoverable, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

For further details, see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Note 45 – Related Party Disclosures_ ” at page 292. 

**_14. Our Company has entered into related party transactions under which we are required to pay rent, interest and royalty to the concerned related party. We may continue to enter into such related party transactions in the future._** 

For the three months ended June 30, 2022, Fiscals 2022, 2021 and 2020, we had paid an interest amount of ₹27.48 million, ₹393.48 million, ₹676.12 million and ₹643.34 million, respectively. These amounts were on account of inter-corporate deposits, debentures, capital advances and preference shares issued/ provided to us by our related parties, including from Inox Wind Limited, our Promoter. In addition, our Company had entered into a lease agreement with Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited, one of our Group Companies, and for the three months ended June 30, 2022, Fiscals 2022, 2021 and 2020 the rent paid to Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited was ₹0.38 million, ₹0.30 million, ₹0.29 million and ₹0.32 million, respectively. Further, our Company entered into a trademarks and copyrights license agreement with Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited on February 2, 2022 which requires our Company to make annual royalty payments of ₹0.20 million in arrear to Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited for the use of the “Inox” and “Inox GFL” trademarks. Based on this arrangement, our Company will commence such royalty payments on December 31, 2022. There can be no assurance that we will not enter into or continue with such related party transactions in the future and we cannot assure you that we might have obtained more favorable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. While we will conduct all related party transactions post listing of the Equity Shares subject to the Board’s or Shareholders’ approval, as applicable, and in compliance with the applicable accounting standards, provisions of Companies Act, 2013, as amended, provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations and other applicable law, such related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. 

**_15. An action by regulatory or statutory authorities against our Promoter or Group Companies in relation to their wind power projects or pooling sub-stations could have an adverse impact on operation and maintenance (“O&M”) services provided by our Company for the relevant wind power project and in turn on our business, revenue from operations and financial condition._** 

Our Company provides O&M services for wind power projects set up by our Promoter and some of our Group Companies. In case, an action is taken by regulatory or statutory authorities against such companies in relation to their wind power projects, it could have an adverse impact on the O&M services provided by our Company. For instance, a notice dated August 10, 2021, was issued by Rajasthan Rajya Vidyut Prasaran Nigam Limited (“ **RRVPNL** ”) to The Chief Engineer (LD), RVPN, Jaipur to disconnect the temporary connectivity of 152 MW wind power project (“ **WPP** ”) of Inox Renewables Limited (now Inox Wind Energy Limited) (“ **IRL** ”), one of our Group Companies, from its Dangri pooling sub-station. The said notice was issued to also recover an amount of ₹87.00 million, in the matter relating to IRL, for violation of the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (Unscheduled Charges and Related Matters) Regulations, 2009. For further details on the notice issued by RRVPNL, related litigations and further developments, please see _“Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments- Other Pending Litigation”_ on page 394. 

Our Company provides O&M services for the WPP and such directions for disconnection of temporary connectivity could have an adverse impact on our business, revenue from operations and financial condition. We cannot assure that such actions, including directions for disconnection of connectivity, will not be taken in the future and in case such actions are taken, our business, revenue from operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

37 

**_16. The coronavirus pandemic (“COVID-19”) could have a significant adverse effect on our business and operations._** 

The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in India and internationally has resulted in significant disruptions in the global economy. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the governments of many countries, including India, have taken and may continue to take preventive or protective actions, such as imposing country-wide lockdowns, restrictions on travel and business operations and advising or requiring individuals to limit their time outside of their homes. For example, the GoI imposed an initial nationwide lockdown on March 25, 2020, during which temporary closures of businesses were ordered and numerous other businesses were temporarily closed on a voluntary basis. The GoI thereafter gradually lifted the lockdown in phases. The resurgence of COVID-19 in India in April 2021 led to further lockdowns in various regions of India and the temporary closure of various businesses. While lockdowns have been progressively relaxed, the scope, duration and frequency of such measures and the adverse effects of COVID-19 remain uncertain and could be severe. 

During the period of the initial lockdown in India (mainly in the first quarter of Fiscal 2021), only companies providing essential services were allowed to continue operations. Power generation, transmission and distribution units and services were declared essential services by the GoI and, on April 4, 2020, the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy (the “ **MNRE** ”) issued a memorandum confirming the “must run” status for all renewable energy plants in India remained unchanged. Accordingly, projects serviced by us continued operations during the lockdown period, during which we put in place measures such as social distancing and hygiene requirements, in compliance with new government restrictions implemented to combat the spread of COVID-19. Although India’s power demand declined as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak, and the resulting decline in commercial and industrial activity, we have not faced material disruptions to our cash flow or operations. Most of the customers we service provide energy to central government agencies and state distribution companies pursuant to long-term fixed-price PPAs, and there was no significant adverse impact on their commercial operations. 

Although the COVID-19 pandemic has not led to major disruptions to our operations, there is no assurance that we will not, in the future, be required to suspend or terminate our services at some or all of the projects serviced by us as a result of the pandemic. While we and our customers have put in place precautionary measures, such as establishing temperature screening checkpoints, temporary medical facilities and isolation areas at all our projects, as well as establishing COVID-19 testing facilities for the employees deployed there, we cannot assure you that such measures or any other actions we have taken to mitigate the effects of the pandemic on our business operations will be adequate. Any further spread of COVID-19 and efforts to contain the virus could impact demand for electricity, reduce the availability and productivity of our employees, result in the GoI naming one of the areas in which we operate a “containment zone,” increase our cost of operations, delay payments from our customers and uncollectible accounts, cause delays and disruptions in the availability and timely delivery of replacement materials and spare components used in our operations, cause a deterioration in the credit quality of our counterparties or impact our liquidity, among other effects. 

Any disruption to supply chains as a result of COVID-19 may also result in an increase in the price of components that we require to maintain and update our customers’ projects. While we have entered into supply contracts for components at fixed prices, there is no guarantee that our suppliers will continue to deliver on their contractual obligations, and any contractual claim we may have against them may be limited. Some of our supply contracts also contain mandatory price change provisions, which allow for an increase in pricing due to a force majeure event that substantially interrupts performance by the supplier. A significant increase in the price of components may increase our maintenance costs which we may not be able to pass on to our customers due to the fixed pricing mechanism in our O&M contracts. 

The COVID-19 pandemic may also adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital or require reductions in capital expenditures that are needed to implement our strategies. We intend to continue to execute our strategic plans and operational initiatives during the COVID 19 pandemic. However, the aforementioned uncertainties may result in delays or modifications to these plans and initiatives, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

While the COVID-19 pandemic has not significantly affected our results of operations for Fiscals 2021 and 2022, the extent of the COVID-19 pandemic’s impact on our operational and financial performance will depend on future developments, including the duration, spread and intensity of the outbreak, including the 

38 

discovery of more transmissible variants such as Delta and Omicron, government responses to control the spread of the pandemic and the roll-out of vaccination initiatives, all of which are uncertain and difficult to predict considering the rapidly evolving situation. Additional measures required to plan for and manage the disruption caused by the pandemic may increase our working capital costs. Our ability to manage and plan for such disruptions may depend on our ability to source additional financial support, which is itself subject to uncertainties. 

# **_17. Technology failures or advancements could disrupt our operations._** 

IT systems are critical to our ability to manage our operations and in turn, to maximize efficiencies and optimize costs. In particular, we are able to monitor and control the WTGs parameters in real time through the use of software technologies such as AMSC’s proprietary Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition system (“ **wtSCADA** ”). wtSCADA is a system of software and hardware elements licensed from AMSC that enable us to: (i) control WTG processes either locally or at remote locations; (ii) monitor, gather, and process real-time data from the WTGs; (iii) directly interact with devices such as sensors and motors on the WTGs through human-machine interface (HMI) software; and (iv) record notable events into a log file. With the data collected, we are able to provide our customers with up-to-date analytical data on the performance of their WTGs which can inform future performance of their assets. Any disruption in wtSCADA, on account of a failure in IT systems may have a material and adverse effect on our O&M services. Similarly, any inaccuracies or malfunctioning in the wtSCADA or any other business critical software, may result in loss of data and disruption in our business, which may lead to a loss in customers and consequently revenue. In addition, such faults may require repair by third party experts, which will entail costs and there can be no assurance that such issues will be rectified in time, or at all. 

Further, our IT systems enable us to support other business critical applications, human resource management systems and automated software for order collection. While no such instance has occurred in the past, if we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper IT infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, customer service disruptions and, in some instances, loss of consumers. Furthermore, the schedule maintenance undertaken by us is based on the analysis of previous data. While no such instance has occurred in the past, any disruption or loss of such data may impact the maintenance services we provide to our customers which may adversely affect our results of operation and financial condition. Our IT systems, and the systems of our third party IT service providers may also be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions due to events beyond our control, including, but not limited to, natural disasters, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, hackers and other security issues. IT interruptions and system failures could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to realize the anticipated improvements in productivity and efficiency. 

In addition, technological advances from time to time may result in our systems, methods or operating facilities becoming obsolete. Failure to keep up to date with such changes could result in our competitors having an advantage over us, which could negatively impact our financial performance and reputation. Any significant upgrade to or replacement of our systems could require considerable capital expenditure, which could affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_18. The demand for our services is primarily dependent on the demand for electricity._** 

The demand for electricity in India is closely linked to economic growth and level of electricity penetration, especially in rural parts of the country. As the economy grows, economic activities, such as industrial production and personal consumption, also tend to grow, which increases the demand for electricity. Conversely, in economic downturns, activities such as industrial production and consumer demand decline or stagnate, causing demand for electricity to decrease. If the Indian economy or the economies of major international markets, such as North America, Latin America, China, Australia and Europe, do not grow, or if any of them enter a period of recession, or if there is an economic downturn (such as the one caused by the global financial crisis beginning in 2007), demand for electricity, including the demand for renewable energy sources such as wind energy, is likely to stagnate or decrease, thereby reducing the demand for our services. A significant and sustained economic downturn would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

39 

# **_19. We are dependent on external suppliers for spares and components._** 

The success of our existing and planned operations will depend on, among other things, our ability to source sufficient amounts of spares and components at competitive prices for carrying out our O&M services. WTGs require certain components, which are specifically designed for application in wind energy generation. The type and configuration of particular WTGs also require specifically designed components. We source materials such as steel, glass fibre and epoxy resin for wind turbines, as well as several key WTG components (such as gearboxes, yaw bearing, pitch bearings, gear rim, slewing rings, brake callipers and castings, as well as nacelle cover, tower and generator) from third party suppliers in India and overseas. The quality of our service (and consequently, the efficiency in our customers’ operations) depends on the quality of the spares and components used by us and the ability of our suppliers to timely deliver such materials. Suitable alternative suppliers who can meet our technical and quality standards, and who can supply the necessary quantities, may be hard to find in the event of a supply failure. 

While no such instance has occurred in the past, the failure of any of our suppliers to deliver these spares or components in the necessary quantities, our ability to adhere to the service schedules for O&M services, or to comply with specified quality standards and technical specifications, could adversely affect our O&M services and our ability to service WTGs on time and at the desired level of quality. This, in turn, could give rise to contractual penalties or liabilities for us, loss of customers and damage to our reputation. In the past, we have been subject to shortages in the supply of certain key components, due to the inability of component suppliers to meet demand. Further, our O&M and common infrastructure maintenance costs from our top five suppliers for the three months ended June 30, 2022 and Fiscals 2022, 2021 and 2020 was ₹135.62 million, ₹189.79 million, ₹104.76 million and ₹110.53 million, respectively, representing 35.04%, 29.35%, 18.37%, and 19.15% of our total O&M and common infrastructure facility maintenance expenses, respectively. 

We rely on equipment and machinery that are built by third parties and may be faulty or susceptible to malfunction. Although, in certain cases, we are entitled to be compensated by manufacturers for certain equipment failures and defects, and while no such instance has occurred in the past, such arrangements may not fully compensate us for the damage and loss suffered as a result thereof. 

**_20. We have received certain complaints from third parties including in relation to alleged non- disclosure/ concealment/ misappropriation of facts in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus. There can be no assurance that any of these complaints may not be received in future or result in initiation of legal proceedings by any other third party or any statutory or regulatory authority against our Company, Promoter, Directors, Subsidiaries or Group Companies, an adverse outcome in any of which could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

We have received certain complaints from various third parties including in relation to alleged nondisclosure/ concealment/ misappropriation of facts in the DRHP. While we have duly, adequately, and timely responded to each of such complaints received therein, as appropriate, there can be no assurance that we will not receive more of such complaints in the future. Further, we cannot assure if any of these complaints will not result in initiation of any legal proceedings by any other third party or any court or statutory or regulatory authority against us or our Promoter, our Directors, our Subsidiaries and our Group Companies. Such proceedings could not only divert our management’s time and attention but also consume our financial resources in their defense. Furthermore, an adverse outcome in any of these proceedings could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.” 

For further details about the complaints received on the DRHP, please see _“Material Contracts and Documents for Inspection”_ on page 469, wherein we have included all the complaints that we have received on the DRHP till date along with their respective replies. 

**_21. We may be liable for penalties and other liabilities under our operation and maintenance contracts in case of any deficiencies in the services provided by us._** 

We may be required to pay damages, amounting to a certain percentage of the total order value, if the operation of the WTGs serviced by us are subject to defects or disruptions caused by our negligence. In particular, under our O&M contracts we are required to ensure grid availability, which requires us to safely and effectively transfer the power generated from the WTG to the pooling stations for onward distribution. 

40 

Any inability to ensure complete and adequate transfer of power from the WTG to the pooling stations may lead to an event of default under our contracts, including the imposition of penalties. In the three months ended June 30, 2022, Fiscals 2021 and 2020 our customers had levied penalties/ liquidated damages of ₹7.25 million, ₹136.48 million and ₹3.00 million, respectively. However, no penalties or liquidated damages had been incurred Fiscal 2022. 

While in most cases, the OEM provides various types of warranties and guarantees in relation to its products, including in certain instances, performance guarantees, upon the expiry of the OEM warranty period and during the term of our O&M contract, we are liable for ensuring adequate availability of the WTGs serviced and maintained by us. While no such instance has occurred in the past, if the products covered under our O&M contract develop any defects or fail to meet their usual performance levels, due to a deficiency attributable to us, we may have to pay warranty claims, our customers could terminate our services or choose not to renew our O&M contracts, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business, cash-flows, financial condition and profitability. 

While we believe we have made adequate provisions for expected credit loss over the expected life of trade receivables, there can be no assurance that the provisions we have made and will make in the future will be sufficient to cover such situations. In Fiscals 2022, 2021 and 2020 we had made provisions of ₹14.70 million, ₹3.46 million and ₹6.71 million, respectively. We have made no provisions for the three months ended June 30, 2022. In the event that such provisions are insufficient, the amount of claims arising from any cancellations of orders, deferrals or other unanticipated delays, which arise on account of our fault, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **_22. We are subject to the risk of additional costs because of an increase in the prices of spares and components._** 

The prices and supply of spares and components depend on factors that are not within our control. The costs of spares and components required for the O&M services could rise due to factors such as an increase in demand or commodity prices or shortages in supply. Furthermore, increasing inflation in India could also cause a rise in the price of transportation, wages, raw materials and other expenses. If any of these were to happen, we may be unable to pass on these additional costs to our customers by increasing the prices of our O&M services and may be unable to implement cost-saving measures in other parts of our business. Where possible, we include price escalation clauses in our agreements with customers. However, these clauses do not comprehensively protect us from an increase in the price of all of our key inputs. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

Furthermore, due to the ongoing COVID-19 situation, global supply chains have not yet recovered to prepandemic levels, which has impacted both our imports of necessary spare parts and components, especially in relation to spare parts and components required for major maintenance. While no such instance has occurred in the past, there can be no assurance on when these supply chain disruptions would normalize and as a result we may face delays in imports of spare parts and components. In particular, we and our third-party transportation providers have also faced, and continue to face, an issue of availability of vessels for the transportation of these spares and components. This non-availability of vessels has resulted in an increase in our freight cost. Consequently, the delay in transportation has and continues to adversely impact our O&M services to our customers. We are unable to assure you that there will be a resolution of these logistic issues in the near future. Furthermore, these logistic issues continue to increase our costs thereby affecting our results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_23. We reported a restated loss in past fiscals and may incur additional losses in the future._** 

We reported a restated loss after tax of ₹115.84 million in the three months ended June 30, 2022 which was primarily on account of O&M and common infrastructure facility expenses and finance costs incurred during this period. Further, we also reported a restated loss after tax of ₹931.98 million, ₹1,535.22 million and ₹522.64 million in Fiscals 2022, 2021 and 2020. This was primarily due to the losses incurred by our EPC Business, which has been subsequently transferred to Resco, one of Inox Wind Limited’s subsidiary by way of a BTA on December 31, 2021. The BTA is subject to closing conditions. For details, see risk factor number 2 - “ _We have entered into a business transfer agreement by which we divested our EPC_ 

41 

_business to one of the subsidiaries of our Promoter, Resco Global Wind Services Private Limited (“BTA”), which imposes certain contractual obligations on our Company_ ” on page 31. 

Further, the loss attributable to the EPC business was ₹882.46 million, ₹1,257.93 million and ₹539.40 million for Fiscals 2022, 2021 and 2020 are accounted for under discontinued operations in our Restated Consolidated Financial Information. Furthermore, our finance costs relating to continuing operations for the three months ended June 30, 2022, Fiscals 2022, 2021 and 2020 was ₹179.93 million, ₹548.02 million, ₹605.27 million and ₹529.83 million in finance costs and a part of the proceeds from the IPO shall be used to reduce our indebtedness. For further details, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations – Overview of Our Results of Operations Based on our Restated Consolidated Financial Information_ ” on page 361. 

We may incur losses after tax in the future. Further, our failure to generate profits may adversely affect the market price of our Equity Shares, restrict our ability to pay dividends and impair our ability to raise capital and expand our business. 

# **_24. We have incurred significant indebtedness and may be unable to service our debt obligations in a timely manner or comply with various financial and other covenants and other terms and conditions of our financing agreements._** 

As of September 30, 2022, we had outstanding borrowings (on a consolidated basis), including both fund based and non-fund based borrowings, of ₹ 10,649.98 million. Our total borrowings could have several adverse consequences, including but not limited to the following: 

- a portion of our cash flows may be used towards repayment of our existing debt, which will reduce the availability of our cash flows to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate requirements; 

- our ability to obtain additional financing in the future at reasonable terms may be restricted; and 

- fluctuations in market interest rates may affect the cost of our borrowings, as some of our indebtedness is at variable interest rates. 

Many of our financing agreements also include various conditions and covenants that require us to obtain lender consents prior to carrying out certain activities or entering into certain transactions. Typically, restrictive covenants under our financing documents relate to obtaining prior consent of the lender for, among others, change in the capital structure, availing additional borrowings, amendment of constitutional documents, change in ownership or management control, changes in shareholding pattern and management set-up, change in the constitution/composition of the board of directors, any merger, reorganization, dissolution, scheme of arrangement or compromise with creditors or shareholders or similar action. Our Company sought relevant consents in relation to the Offer, from the respective lenders. We have made applications and obtained consents from ICICI Bank Limited, HDFC Bank Limited, IDBI Bank Limited, IndusInd Bank Limited, Catalyst Trusteeship Limited, Credit Suisse AG and Yes Bank Limited to permit the Offer. 

There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with these covenants and a failure to observe the restrictive covenants under our financing agreements or to obtain necessary consents required thereunder may trigger an event of default which, if not cured or waived by our lenders, may lead to inter alia the imposition of penalties, conversion of debt into equity, withdrawal or cancellation of our credit facilities, acceleration of all amounts due under such facilities, appointment of a nominee director on the Board, invocation of corporate guarantees and/or the enforcement of any security provided. Our future borrowings may also contain similar or additional restrictive covenants. Furthermore, during any period in which we are in default, we may be unable to obtain further financing or any refinancing of our debt could be at higher rates of interest with more onerous covenants. 

A failure to redeem the NCDs or to make payment of any principal, interest or costs or other amounts on due dates can lead to an event of default under our financing arrangements. In the past, there have been certain instances of breach of covenants and delay in servicing or discharging the financial obligations (including payment of interest and/or other financial obligations) on the term loans and working capital facilities availed by our Company. However, these delays have been cured by our Company by making the 

42 

payment towards such financial obligations and none of the lenders have declared the delay in payment as an event of default. While we have cured these delays in payment and while as on the date of the Red Herring Prospectus there are no such breaches, there can be no assurance that we will not delay in making payment of interest and/or principal amount in the future and if the delay is considered or declared as an event of default, then the lenders can exercise their rights under the financing arrangements, including the consequences of events of default indicated above. Our Company has not violated any restrictive covenants in terms of its financing documentation and has not rescheduled the repayment of its debt in the past three fiscals. <u>For further details, see risk factor number 47 – “</u> _Our Statutory Auditors have included two emphasis of matters and remarks in connection with the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020/ Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2016 in their report on our financial statements”_ and _“Financial Indebtedness_ ” on pages 51 and 380, respectively. 

Any fluctuations in the interest rates may directly impact the interest costs of such loans and could adversely affect our financial condition. Our ability to make payments on and refinance our indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash from our future operations. While no such instance has occurred in the past, we may not be able to generate enough cash flow from operations or obtain enough capital to service our debt. Any of these circumstances could adversely affect our business, credit rating, reputation, prospects, future cash flows, results of operations and financial condition and lead to initiation of adverse actions by our lenders. Moreover, any such action initiated by our lenders could result in the price of the Equity Shares being adversely affected. 

# **_25. We rely heavily on the ‘Inox GFL’ brand name for our business, the dilution of which could adversely affect our business._** 

We are a part of the Inox GFL Group and we believe that we have benefited directly from such association which has helped us maintain a market recognition and reputation in India and continue to attract customers in preference over those of our competitors. 

We believe that continuing to develop awareness of our brand, through focused and consistent branding and marketing initiatives, is important for our ability to increase our revenues, grow our existing market share and expand into new markets. We also believe the ‘Inox GFL’ brand commands strong brand recall in India due to its long presence in the Indian market and the diversified businesses in which the Inox GFL Group operates. Our use of the “Inox” and “Inox GFL” trademarks stems from a trademarks and copyrights license agreement which our Company entered into with Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited on February 2, 2022 and which requires our Company to make annual royalty payments to Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited of ₹0.20 million in arrear. Based on this arrangement, our Company will commence such royalty payments on December 31, 2022. While no such instance has occurred in the past, there can be no assurance that our brand name will not be adversely affected in the future by actions that are beyond our control including customer complaints or adverse publicity by any third party. Any adverse publicity involving the ‘Inox GFL’ brand may impair our reputation, dilute the impact of our branding and marketing initiatives and adversely affect our business. 

Further, while no such instance has occurred in the past, our brand could also be harmed if our services fail to meet the expectation of our customers, if we fail to maintain our established standards or if we become the subject of any negative media coverage. Our marketing and business promotion efforts may be costly and may fail to effectively enhance our brand or generate additional revenues. Our failure to develop, maintain and enhance our brand may result in decreased revenue and loss of customers, and in turn adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_26. We may be unable to effectively manage our future growth and expansion._** 

For the three months ended June 30, 2022, Fiscals 2022, 2021 and 2020, we spent ₹575.39 million, ₹2,410.96 million, ₹705.09 million and ₹3,006.99 million, respectively, on purchase of property, plant and equipment which included expenses incurred towards development of common infrastructure facilities. Our future growth depends, amongst other factors, on continued support from Inox Wind Limited, further expanding our customer base and consistent contract renewals with our existing customers. In addition to external conditions such as the general economic and political condition of India, our ability to achieve growth will be subject to a range of factors, including: 

- strategic partnerships with existing and new partners; 

43 

- optimising our service portfolio and increasing our market share; 

- competing with existing O&M companies in our markets; 

- establishing our presence in new markets and territories; 

- strengthening our existing relationships with our customers and other stakeholders; 

- ability to secure financing for our working capital and capital expenditure requirements; 

- expanding our sales network; and 

- continuing to exercise effective quality control. 

While no such instance has occurred in the past, our expansion plans and business growth could strain our managerial, operational and financial resources (including future cash flows). Our ability to manage future growth will depend on our ability to continue to implement and improve operational, financial and management information systems on a timely basis and to expand, train, motivate and manage our workforce. While in the past our personnel, systems, procedures and controls were adequate to support our growth, this may not be the case in the future. Failure to effectively manage our expansion may lead to increased costs and reduced profitability and may adversely affect our growth prospects. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve our business strategy of expanding into existing or new territories and expanding our service portfolio. 

# **_27. The operation of wind energy projects has faced opposition from local communities and other parties in the past and there can be no assurance that our operations will not encounter similar opposition in the future._** 

The operation of wind energy plants has faced opposition from the local communities where these plants are located and from special interest groups. Some of our customers have faced protests at their wind farms across India and a number of their WTGs have been damaged in the course of these protests, requiring expensive and time-consuming repairs. While WTGs in India are generally located in remote locations with minimal disruption to public life, there may be claims that WTGs cause noise pollution and are considered by some to be aesthetically unappealing. Furthermore, certain environmental organizations have expressed opposition to WTGs based on allegations that wind farms affect weather patterns, kill birds and have other adverse effects on the environment. In the past, we have also faced requests for local sourcing for both employment and machinery at the sites where WTGs have been established. Such requirements, including any legislation to such effect, may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **_28. The wind energy industry is highly competitive, which could limit our ability to grow._** 

The wind energy industry is intensely competitive. Important competitive factors in the industry affecting us include performance of WTGs, reliability, product quality, technology, price, scope and quality of services, and training offered to customers. Although we have expended considerable resources on the design, development and delivery of our services, some of our competitors have longer industry experience and greater financial, technical and other resources, as well as larger customer bases and greater brand recognition. Some competitors may also be able to react faster to technological developments, trends and changes in customer demand. Our competitors may be willing and able to spend more resources to develop O&M services and may be able to provide comparable services faster or at a price lower than us. Furthermore, if our competitors consolidate through joint ventures or co-operative agreements with each other, or otherwise, we may have difficulty competing with them. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against such competitors, or that we will not lose potential customers to such competitors. 

According to CRISIL, since equipment providers offering bundled O&M services charge a service cost which increases the overall operating cost of the generation plant and thereby result in higher levelized cost of electricity, renewable energy developers may shift to third party O&M service providers post warranty to save costs or reduce the dependency on equipment providers. There can also be no assurance that we will be able to renew our O&M services contracts and not lose our existing customers. Additionally, increased competition in the market for the offer of services by other O&M companies as well as from renewable energy developers conducting in-house O&M services, could result in a decline in our market share and which may also intensify price pressure leading to a reduction in the margin we derive from the sale of our services. As mentioned in risk factor number 5, we have experienced recent instances where a few large IPPs, which had entered into comprehensive O&M contracts with us, have opted to terminate such contracts to internalise their WTG O&M services and have entered into new common infrastructure 

44 

O&M contracts with us in respect of the common infrastructure facilities. There can be no assurance that we may not face such similar instances in the future. 

**_29. Our Promoter holds Equity Shares in our Company and is therefore interested in the Company’s performance in addition to reimbursement of expenses incurred or benefits and its distributions as a shareholder._** 

Our Promoter may be deemed to be interested in our Company to the extent of Equity Shares held by them, as well as to the extent of any reimbursement of expenses, dividends, bonuses or other distributions and benefits on such Equity Shares. Further, they are also interested in us as we service the products they sell and our inability to maintain the WTGs effectively may result in them choosing a different O&M vendor, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and prospects. Furthermore, we share a common brand and any erosion of brand value on account of any of their actions may also adversely impact us. 

We cannot assure you that our Promoter will exercise its rights as a shareholder to the benefit and best interest of our Company. For further details on the interest of our Promoter, see “ _Our Management_ ” on page 195 and “ _Our Promoter and Promoter Group_ ” on page 212. 

**_30. Our Promoter has extended corporate guarantees in connection with certain of our debt facilities. There can be no assurance that such corporate guarantees will be continued to be provided by our Promoter in the future or can be revoked at any time._** 

Our Promoter has rendered corporate guarantees in connection with certain of our debt facilities. While no such instance has occurred in the past, if any of these guarantees are revoked or invoked, our lenders may require alternative guarantees or collateral or cancellation of such facilities, entailing repayment of amounts outstanding under such facilities. If we are unable to procure alternative guarantees satisfactory to our lenders, we may need to seek alternative sources of capital, which may not be available to us at commercially reasonable terms or at all, or to agree to more onerous terms under our financing agreements, which may limit our operational flexibility. Accordingly, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects may be adversely affected by the revocation of all or any of the corporate guarantees provided by our Promoter in connection with our Company’s borrowings. 

**_31. We depend on the skills and experience of our senior management team, Key Managerial Personnel and employees with technical expertise for our business and future growth._** 

Our future performance would depend on the continued service of our senior management, Key Managerial Personnel and persons with technical expertise, and while no such instance has occurred in the past, the loss of any such persons and the inability to find an adequate replacement may impair our relationship with key customers and our level of technical expertise, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. In particular, we rely on the experience and business relationships of our senior management and our other business and state heads. Should their involvement in our business reduce or should our relationship with these persons deteriorate for any reason in the future, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects may be adversely affected. For details of our management and Key Managerial Personnel, see “ _Our Management – Key Managerial Personnel_ ” on page 209. 

The continued operations and growth of our business is also dependent upon our ability to attract and retain personnel who have the necessary and required experience and expertise. We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain these employees or find adequate replacements in a timely manner, or at all. Our Company’s performance depends largely on the continued efforts and abilities of these employees. Competition for skilled personnel in the wind O&M services industry is intense, and we may need to offer a more attractive compensation and other benefits package, including share-based compensation, to attract and retain them. Even if we were to offer higher compensation and other benefits, there is no assurance that these individuals will choose to join or continue to work for us. The attrition rate for permanent employees was 5% for the three months ended June 30, 2022 and each Fiscals of 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We may also require a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when skilled personnel terminate their employment with us. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation and benefits more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting skilled 

45 

personnel. Loss of the services of our permanent employees could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_32. We have issued Equity Shares during the preceding twelve months at a price which may be below the Offer Price._** 

We have issued Equity Shares in the last 12 months at a price which may be lower than the Offer Price, as set out in the table below. For further information, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” at page 89. 

|**Date of**<br>**allotment of**<br>**Equity**<br>**Shares**|**Number of**<br>**Equity**<br>**Shares**<br>**allotted**|**Face value**<br>**per Equity**<br>**Share (in ₹)**|**Issue price per**<br>**Equity Share**<br>**(in ₹)**|**Nature of**<br>**consideration**|**Reason of allotment**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|November 12,<br>2021|3,162,203|10|80.64|Other than cash|Preferential allotment in<br>lieu of repayment of debt<br>owed to the allottees on<br>account<br>of<br>receipt<br>of<br>materials/services etc. by<br>the Company from time to<br>time|
|December 13,<br>2021|4,027,779|10|80.64|Other than cash|Preferential allotment in<br>lieu of repayment of debt<br>owed to the allottees on<br>account<br>of<br>receipt<br>of<br>materials/services etc. by<br>the Company from time to<br>time|



The prices at which Equity Shares were issued by us in the past year should not be taken to be indicative of the Price Band, Offer Price and the trading price of our Equity Shares after listing. 

# **_33. Our insurance coverage may not be adequate._** 

We maintain insurance coverage for primarily for our plant and machinery. As of June 30, 2022, March 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the aggregate coverage for our plant and machinery under insurance policies obtained by us were ₹5,135.00 million, ₹5,135.00 million, ₹4,995.00 million and ₹5,160.00 million which represented 51.66%, 53.88%, 65.34% and 66.82% of our total assets, respectively. We have obtained Erection All Risk, Industrial All Risk (both for common infrastructure and our WTGs) and Machinery Break Down insurance policies to cover the risks against machinery breakdown and fire. In addition, we also maintain a commercial general liability insurance for our operations. While we have not faced any issues with claims under our insurance policies in the past, there can be no assurance that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time. In addition, not all risks associated with our operations may be insurable, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 

Furthermore, our insurance may not provide adequate coverage in certain circumstances and is subject to certain deductibles, exclusions and limits on coverage. For instance, since our O&M sites are on customer’s premises, they are obligated to maintain various forms of insurance as owners of the said premises and there can be no assurance that our customers would maintain such insurance which may impact our ability to offer O&M services. While no such instance has occurred in the past, to the extent that we suffer loss or damage that is not covered by insurance or exceeds our insurance coverage, our results of operations and future cash flows may be adversely affected. Natural disasters in the future or occurrence of any other event for which we are not adequately or sufficiently insured may cause significant disruption to our operations that could have a material adverse impact on our business and operations. The occurrence of an event for which we are not adequately or sufficiently insured could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and future cash flows. If we are subject to litigation or claims or our operations are interrupted for a sustained period, we cannot assure you that our insurance policies will be adequate to cover the losses that may be incurred as a result of such interruption. 

In addition, our insurance coverage is generally subject to annual renewal. While no such instance has occurred in the past, in the event that premium levels increase, we may not be able to obtain the same levels of coverage in the future as we currently have or we may only be able to obtain such coverage at substantially higher cost. If we are unable to pass these costs on to our customers, the costs of higher 

46 

insurance premiums could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. Alternatively, we may choose not to insure, which, in the event of any damage or destruction to our facilities or operations, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. For example, currently we do not insure against warranty claims by our customers. For further details on our insurance arrangements, see “ _Our Business – Insurance_ ” on page 174. 

# **_34. The Proforma Consolidated Financial Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus to reflect the divestment of our erection, procurement and commissioning business by our Company is not indicative of our expected results or operations in the future periods or our future financial position or a substitute for our past results._** 

In order to concentrate on the provision of O&M services, our Company entered into a business transfer agreement dated December 31, 2021 with Resco to divest and transfer the EPC business to Resco (“ **Divestment** ”). For details on the Divestment, see risk factor number 2 - “ _We have entered into a business transfer agreement by which we divested our EPC business to one of the subsidiaries of our Promoter, Resco Global Wind Services Private Limited (“BTA”), which imposes certain contractual obligations on our Company_ .” on page 31. Our Proforma Consolidated Financial Information for the three months ended June 30, 2022, Fiscals 2022, 2021 and 2020 included in this Red Herring Prospectus present a theoretical situation to demonstrate the effects of the Divestment on our Company, including the results of operations and the financial position that would have resulted as if the Divestment had taken place at the earliest of the periods presented (i.e. April 1, 2019). For further details, see “ _Proforma Consolidated Financial Information_ ” beginning on page 325. 

Our Proforma Consolidated Financial Information do not include all of the information required for financial statements under Ind AS and should be read in conjunction with the section “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations – Basis of Preparation of our Proforma Consolidated Financial Information_ ” on page 363, as well as the notes to our Restated Consolidated Financial Information and Proforma Consolidated Financial Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, our Proforma Consolidated Financial Information were not prepared in connection with an offering registered with the SEC under the U.S. Securities Act and consequently, it does not comply with the SEC’s rules on the presentation of proforma financial information. 

Accordingly, our Proforma Consolidated Financial Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus are not intended to be indicative of our expected results of operations in the future periods, our future financial position or a substitute for our past results. Investors should not place undue reliance on or base their investment decision solely on this information. 

# **_35. Any failure or delay in the transportation and logistics arrangements entered into by us could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations._** 

We are dependent on third party transportation and logistics providers of various forms of transport, such as air, sea-borne freight, rail and road, to receive spares and components necessary for carrying out our O&M services. While no such instance has occurred in the past, such transportation and logistics may not be adequate to support our future or continued operations. Further, while we have not faced any material disruptions of transportation and logistical operations because of weather-related problems, strikes, lockouts, inadequacies in road and rail infrastructure and port facilities, lack of or vaguely defined regulations or other events in the past, there can be no assurance that we would not be vulnerable to such issues in the future. All of these factors could adversely affect our ability to provide continued and effective O&M services to our customers and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, cash flows and results of operations. 

In particular, we and our third party transportation and logistics providers have also faced, and continue to face, an issue of availability of vessels for the transportation of spares and components. However, while such delay in transportation has not adversely impacted our O&M services to our customers, there can be no assurance that there will be a resolution of these logistic issues in the near future and that we will be able to continue to offer O&M services to our customers without disruption. 

47 

# **_36. Certain of our Subsidiaries have incurred losses in the three months ended June 30, 2022 and Fiscals 2022, 2021 and 2020._** 

The following Subsidiaries have incurred losses for the periods indicated: 

||**Restated Profit**|**/ (Loss) after Tax **|**for Continuing O**|**perations**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Three months**||||
|**Subsidiary**|<br>**ended**||**Fiscal**||
||**June 30, 2022**|**2022**|**2021**|**2020**|
|||**_(in ₹millio_**|**_n)_**||
|Suswind Power Private Limited|(0.35)|(1.30)|(1.28)|(0.80)|
|Vasuprada Renewables Private Limited|(0.03)|(0.06)|(0.07)|(0.08)|
|Ripudaman Urja Private Limited|(0.03)|(0.06)|(0.07)|(0.08)|
|Vibhav Energy Private Limited|(0.05)|(0.12)|(0.13)|(0.15)|
|Haroda Wind Energy Private Limited|(0.63)|(1.14)|(0.24)|(0.07)|
|Vigodi Wind EnergyPrivate Limited|(0.63)|(1.16)|(0.24)|(0.07)|
|Aliento Wind Energy Private Limited|(0.34)|(1.27)|(1.25)|(0.78)|
|Tempest WindEnergyPrivateLimited|(0.45)|(1.24)|(1.23)|(0.77)|
|Vuelta Wind Energy Private Limited|(0.33)|(1.24)|(1.22)|(0.79)|
|FlutterWindEnergyPrivateLimited|(0.35)|(1.30)|(1.28)|(0.81)|
|Flurry Wind Energy Private Limited|(0.34)|(1.27)|(1.25)|(0.77)|
|Wind Four Renergy Private Limited|(7.71)|51.59|(74.55)|-|
|Khatiyu Wind Energy Private Limited|(0.64)|(1.17)|(0.27)|(0.12)|
|Ravapar Wind Energy Private Limited|(0.63)|(1.20)|(0.27)|(0.12)|
|Nani Virani Wind Energy Private<br>Limited|(12.42)|(18.81)|(0.97)|(0.12)|



_Note: The above list comprises our Subsidiaries as at June 30, 2022_ . 

In the event that these Subsidiaries continues to incur losses, our consolidated results of operations and financial condition will continue to be adversely affected. 

# **_37. We will continue to be controlled by our Promoter after the completion of the Offer._** 

After the completion of the Offer, our Promoter, a listed company will hold [●]% of our Equity Share capital. After this Offer, our Promoter will continue to exercise significant control or exert significant influence over us, and such control includes being able to control the composition of our board of directors and determine decisions requiring simple or special majority voting, and our other shareholders may be unable to affect the outcome of such voting. Further, while no such instance has occurred in the past, Promoter appointed directors may take or block actions with respect to our business, which may conflict with our best interests or the interests of other minority shareholders, such as actions with respect to future capital raising or acquisitions. Thus, we cannot assure you that our Promoter would always exercise their rights as a shareholder to the benefit and best interest of our Company. 

# **_38. The viability and level of wind energy generation is dependent on wind patterns, which are not constant and vary over time and may be subject to increasing extreme weather conditions due to climate change._** 

The viability of wind energy projects of our customers is primarily dependent on the wind patterns at project sites conforming to the patterns expected or projected by such customers or previously recorded to determine the suitability of these sites for wind energy projects. While no such instance has occurred in the past, there can be no assurance that wind patterns at a particular site will remain constant or consistent with our and our customers’ projections. A lack of appropriate sites with favorable wind conditions or changes in wind patterns at sites that have been previously identified as suitable for wind energy projects could impact the demand for O&M services. Therefore, unavailability of locations that are suitable for the wind turbines would have a negative impact on the requirement for our services and thus materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. For example, extraordinary wind conditions, such as severe storms, may increase due to climate change and may affect the viability and predictability of wind production, as wind turbines automatically shut down in such situations. This uncertainty may make it less attractive for our customers to invest in new projects. 

# **_39. Disruptions affecting our operations could have a material adverse effect on our business._** 

48 

Our O&M operations are serviced from remote sites. While no such instance has occurred in the past, any significant interruption in our operations because of labour unrest, industrial accidents, floods, severe weather or other natural disasters could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. There can be no assurance that such events or natural disasters will not occur in the future and the occurrence of such events will have a material adverse impact on our operation and O&M service ability and capacity and therefore our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

We also require power for carrying out our O&M services. While no such instance has occurred in the past, industrial accidents, natural disasters or other factors may affect our ability to procure the necessary power to provide our services. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

**_40. Our operations could be adversely affected by strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees or any other kind of disputes with our employees._** 

As of June 30, 2022, we had a workforce of 401 full-time employees and also employ contract employees from time to time and based on our requirements. For the three months ended June 30, 2022 and Fiscals 2022, 2021 and 2020, the average number of contract workers was 230, 231, 242 and 293, respectively. While no such instance has occurred in the past, we cannot assure you that we will not experience disruptions in work due to disputes or other problems with our work force, which may adversely affect our ability to continue our business operations. Any labour unrest directed against us, could directly or indirectly prevent or hinder our normal operating activities, and, if not resolved in a timely manner, could lead to disruptions in our operations. These actions are improbable for us to forecast or control and any such event could adversely affect our business, results of operations, future cash flows and financial condition. 

**_41. We appoint contract labour for carrying out certain of our operations, and we may be held responsible for paying the wages of such workers if the independent contractors through whom they are hired default on their obligations._** 

In order to retain flexibility and control costs, we appoint independent contractors who in turn engage onsite contract labour for performance of certain of our operations. The demand for such contract labour is not fixed and varies in accordance with our requirements from time to time. Although our Company does not engage these labourers directly and while no such instance has occurred in the past, we may be held responsible for any wage payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractor. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, we are also required to ensure compliance with provisions of the Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970, as amended, and we may be required to absorb a number of such contract labourers as permanent employees. As a result, any order from a regulatory body or court may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, future cash flows and financial condition. 

**_42. We may be unable to protect our intellectual property or knowhow from third party infringement and we may inadvertently infringe the intellectual property rights of others._** 



We have made applications for registration of trademark under various classes before the Registrar of Trademarks. In the absence of obtaining a registration of this trademark, we may not be able to initiate an infringement action against any third party infringing on our trademark. Further, with respect to our trademark application, we cannot assure you that no objections will be raised. There can also be no guarantee that we will be successful in such a challenge and nor can we guarantee that the application for registration of such trademark will be successful. As a result, we may not be able to prevent infringement of our trademark and a passing off action may not provide sufficient protection until such time that this registration is granted. 

Further, we cannot guarantee that any unregistered intellectual property rights or our know-how, or claims thereto, will now or in the future successfully protect what we consider to be the intellectual property underlying our business, or that our rights will not be successfully opposed or otherwise challenged. We also rely on technical knowledge, industry data, operating expertise and market “knowhow” that cannot be 

49 

registered and is not subject to any confidentiality or nondisclosure clauses or agreements. While no such instance has occurred in the past, if such know-how is leaked to third parties, this could erode our competitive advantage, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, future cash flows and financial condition. 

Furthermore, the ‘ **_INOX GFL_** ’ mark is common mark and brand that is used among various other companies within the Inox GFL Group. While no such instance has occurred in the past, any negative publicity in relation to the INOX GFL brand, including on account of adverse developments in companies which share the common brand, may affect our reputation and, which in turn, affects our ability to attract and/or retain customers which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. For details, please see risk factor number 25 - “ _We rely heavily on the ‘Inox GFL’ brand name for our business, the dilution of which could adversely affect our business_ ” on page 43. Similarly, any negative publicity concerning the ‘ **_INOX_** ’ brand may also adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Although we believe that our services and proprietary information do not infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others and that we do and will have all the rights necessary to use the intellectual property employed in our business, there can be no assurance that infringement claims, including the possibility of substantial monetary claims, will not be asserted against us despite not having any such instance in the past. Such claims may force us to alter our services and technologies, obtain licenses or cease some significant portions of our operations. Irrespective of their merit, these claims could: (i) adversely affect our relationships with current or future customers; (ii) result in costly litigation; (iii) cause operational delays or stoppages; (iv) divert management’s attention and resources; (v) subject us to significant liabilities; (vi) require us to enter into potentially expensive royalty or licensing agreements; and (vii) require us to cease certain activities, including the provisions of certain services. Furthermore, necessary licenses may not be available on satisfactory terms, if at all. All of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **_43. Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds of the Offer have not been appraised by a bank or a financial institution and may be subject to change based on various factors, some of which are beyond our control._** 

We intend to use the Net Proceeds of the Fresh Issue for the purposes described in “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 102. The deployment of funds is based on management estimates, current circumstances of our business and prevailing market conditions. The deployment of funds has not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. We may have to revise our funding requirements and deployment from time to time on account of various factors, such as financial and market conditions, competition, business and strategy and interest/exchange rate fluctuations and other external factors, which may not be within the control of our management. 

Our Company, in accordance with the policies established by the Board of Directors from time to time, will have flexibility to deploy the Net Proceeds. Furthermore, pending utilization of Net Proceeds towards the Objects of the Offer, our Company will have the flexibility to deploy the Net Proceeds and to deposit the Net Proceeds temporarily in deposits with one or more scheduled commercial banks included in Second Schedule of Reserve Bank of India Act, 1939, as may be approved by our Board of Directors or IPO Committee. Accordingly, prospective investors in the Issue will need to rely upon our management’s judgment with respect to the use of Net Proceeds and there can be no assurance that we will earn significant interest income on, or that we will not suffer unanticipated diminution in the value of, such temporary deposits. Furthermore, various risks and uncertainties, such as economic trends and business requirements, competitive landscape, as well as general factors affecting our results of operations, financial condition and access to capital and including those set forth in this section, may limit or delay our efforts to use the Net Proceeds to achieve profitable growth in our business. 

# **_44. We may not be able to derive the expected benefits of the deployment of the Net Proceeds, in a timely manner, or at all._** 

Our Company intends to use the Net Proceeds for repayment and/ or pre-payment, in full or part, of certain borrowings availed by our Company and redemption of Secured NCDs in full. The amount utilized to prepay / repay these loans will, therefore, not be available for investment in our business and will not result in any immediate increase in the value of your investment in our Equity Shares. Further, we cannot ascertain whether such initiatives will result in increased sale of our services or reduced expenses or have an 

50 

equivalent monetary impact. Furthermore, a part of the Net Proceeds shall also be used for general corporate purposes and our estimates for the proposed expenditure are based on several variables, a significant variation in any one or a combination of which could have an adverse effect on our results of operation and financial condition. 

The details in this regard have been disclosed in the section entitled “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” beginning on page 102. 

# **_45. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, future cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. The declaration and payment of dividends will be recommended by the Board of Directors and approved by the Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act, 2013. Our Company has not declared or paid any dividend on the Equity Shares in the last three Fiscals. We may retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of the business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. Accordingly, realization of a gain on Shareholders’ investments may depend solely on the appreciation of the price of the Equity Shares. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will appreciate in value. For details of dividend paid by our Company in the past, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 223. 

**_46. Our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale portion, and the Selling Shareholder shall be entitled to the Offer Proceeds to the extent of the Equity Shares offered by it in the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer includes an offer for sale of such number of Equity Shares aggregating up to ₹3,700.00 million by the Selling Shareholder, which is also the Company’s Promoter. The Selling Shareholder is, therefore, interested in the Offer Proceeds to the extent of the Equity Shares offered by them in the Offer for Sale. The entire proceeds (net of offer expenses) from the Offer for Sale will be paid to the Selling Shareholder in proportion to their respective portions of the Offered Shares transferred pursuant to the Offer for Sale, and our Company will not receive any such proceeds. See “ _Capital Structure_ ” and “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” beginning on pages 89 and 102, respectively. 

# **Risks in relation to Auditor Qualifications** 

**_47. Our Statutory Auditors have included two emphasis of matters and remarks in connection with the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020/ Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2016 in their report on our financial statements._** 

Our Statutory Auditors have included an emphasis of matter in their report on our financial statements for the three months ended June 30, 2022, Fiscals 2022, 2021 and 2020. The emphasis of matter in the audit reports are in relation to the impact of COVID-19 pandemic and how it may impact property, plant and equipment, revenue, trade receivables, investments and other assets in future years. Further, for the three months ended June 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022 there is an additional emphasis of matter in relation to balance confirmations sent to banks and parties and these are subject to confirmation/ reconciliation. The subject of both emphasis of matters i.e. the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on the Company as well as confirmation/ reconciliation of balance confirmations are currently ongoing. For details, see, “ _Financial Information_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations_ ” beginning on pages 224 and 353, respectively. 

In addition, our Statutory Auditors are required to comment upon the matters included in the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020/ Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2016 (together, the “ **CARO Report** ”) issued by the Central Government of India under Section 143(11) of the Companies Act, 2013 on the standalone audited financial statements as at and for the financial years ended March 31, 2020, March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2022, respectively. 

51 

For a complete reproduction of the statements/comments included in the CARO Report, which do not require any adjustments in our Restated Consolidated Financial Information, please see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Note 55 – Statement of Restated Adjustment to Restated Consolidated Financial Information_ ” on page 315. 

We cannot assure you that our Statutory Auditors’ observations for any future financial period will not contain similar remarks, emphasis of matters or other matters prescribed under Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order 2020, and that such matters will not otherwise affect our results of operations. 

# **Risks in relation to Regulatory Actions and Regulatory Compliances** 

**_48. There are certain defaults/ delay in payment of statutory dues by us. Any further default/ delay in payment of statutory dues may attract financial penalties from the respective government authorities and in turn may have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and cash flows._** 

We have had instances of defaults/delay in the payment of certain statutory dues. Further details are provided below: 

|**Name of Statute**|**Nature of dues**|**Financial period to which the**<br>**amount relates**|**Amount of**<br>**delay/default (in**<br>**₹ million)**|
|---|---|---|---|
|Income-tax Act, 1961|Interest on tax deducted<br>at source|Three months ended June 30, 2022,<br>Fiscals 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019|<br>59.92|
|Employee Provident Funds<br>and<br>Miscellaneous<br>Provisions Act, 1952|Provident fund payable|Fiscal 2022|0.02|
|Employees’ State Insurance<br>Act, 1948|Employees’<br>state<br>insurance payable|Fiscal 2022|0.02|
|Labour Welfare Fund Act|<br>Labour welfare fund|Fiscal 2022|0.06|
|Building<br>and<br>Other<br>Construction<br>Workers<br>(Regulation of Employment<br>and Conditions of Service)<br>Act,1996|Building<br>and<br>other<br>construction<br>workers’<br>welfare|Fiscal 2019|25.68|
|Professional Tax Act, 1987|Professional tax|Fiscal 2012 onwards|2.21|



There can be no assurance that such defaults/ delay may not arise in the future. This may lead to financial penalties from respective government authorities which may have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and cash flows. For further details, see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Note 55 – Statement of Restated Adjustment to Restated Consolidated Financial Information_ ” on page 315. 

**_49. A change in, or elimination of, government initiatives and incentives relating to renewable energy sources, and in particular to wind energy, may have a material adverse effect on the demand for wind energy thereby affecting our business._** 

In recent years, the Government of India, has enacted legislation and established policies that support the expansion of renewable energy sources, such as wind energy, and such support has been a significant factor in contributing to the growth of the Indian wind energy industry as a whole. Support for investments in wind energy is generally provided through fiscal incentive schemes or public grants to the owners of wind energy systems, for example through preferential tariffs on power generated by WTGs or tax incentives for promoting investments in wind energy. 

In addition, some state governments also prescribe specified levels of electricity that utilities are required to obtain from renewable energy sources. Furthermore, globally, there has been an increasing focus on reducing dependence on fossil fuels and cutting carbon dioxide emissions, leading to additional taxes being imposed on those sources of energy. Such additional taxation has indirectly supported the expansion of power generated from renewable energy and, in turn, the wind energy industry in general. These policies have encouraged many of our customers to increase their installed capacities and attracted players to establish new wind farm projects. 

52 

However, faced with high fiscal deficits, rising levels of public debt and increasing electricity prices, many state governments have recently sought to scale back or eliminate completely some or all of these government support systems. In the past, the decrease in, or elimination of, direct or indirect government support schemes for renewable energy, including wind energy, has had a negative impact on the market for wind energy. For example, in 2017, the Indian Government withdrew the accelerated depreciation and generation based incentives which, in turn, had a negative impact on the wind energy market in India. There is also the risk that any such decrease in, or elimination of, government support may be imposed retroactively by the Government, thereby increasing the impact on the market of any such policy reversals. In addition, policy incentives may be available for a limited period, and there can be no assurance that the validity of such schemes will be extended. 

State governments in jurisdictions where we operate may introduce more attractive incentives for other forms of renewable energy, such as solar or bio-mass, which might affect the wind energy industry generally and impact our business in particular. If direct and indirect government support for wind energy is terminated or reduced in any state which is material for our business, or if the government provides greater support to other sources of renewable energy, our customers will find producing electricity from wind energy less competitive and consider switching over to other government supported renewable energy businesses. In addition, there is a risk that government policies could change in a manner that makes it less attractive for investors to establish captive energy generating facilities in general, and wind energy projects in particular. The results of such changes may include attracting potential investors and customers towards other forms of renewable energy to benefit from investment tax credit schemes on other forms of renewable energy. Any reduction in the growth of the wind energy sector would have a direct impact on our business. 

**_50. We may be unable to obtain, maintain or renew requisite statutory and regulatory permits and approvals for our business operations._** 

In respect of our existing operations we are required to obtain and maintain various statutory and regulatory permits, certificates and approvals including approvals under various applicable central and state labour laws in force in India for our employees and also various shops and establishments registrations under the applicable provisions of the shops and establishments legislation of relevant states for our offices. While we have applied for certain licenses under both the respective legislations and rules made thereunder, notified by the central government and adopted with such modifications as deemed necessary by the respective state governments, applicable to us in certain locations in which we operate, of which some are currently pending and some may also be subject to intermittent applications for renewal. While in the past we have been able to obtain the relevant licenses, there can be no assurance that we will obtain such licenses in the future in time or at all and will not be subject to any penalty. We have also obtained GST registration under the Central Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017 and the respective State Goods and Services Tax Act, to the extent applicable. For further details, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 397. 

Failure or delay in obtaining or maintaining or renewing the required permits or approvals within applicable time or at all may result in interruption of our operations. Furthermore, other than in the ordinary course of business, there have been no instances where the relevant authorities have initiated action against us, restrained our operations, imposed fines/penalties or initiated legal proceedings for our inability to renew/obtain approvals in a timely manner or at all. However, there can be no assurance that such issues will not arise in the future. Consequently, failure or delay to obtain such approvals could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and profitability. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, be required to alter our services and/or procurement operations or otherwise suffer disruption in our activities, any of which could adversely affect our business. 

These registrations, approvals or licenses are liable to be cancelled or the scope of our services may be restricted. In case any of these registrations, approvals or licenses are cancelled, or its use is restricted, then it could adversely affect our results of operations, future cash flows or growth prospects. 

# **_51. Our industry is subject to changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of corporate and tax laws._** 

Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by unfavourable changes in, or interpretations of existing laws, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations applicable to us and 

53 

our business. Please see “ _Key Regulations and Policies in India_ ” on page 176. The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. 

There can be no assurance that the Government of India and state governments will not implement new regulations and policies that will require us to obtain approvals and licenses from the Government and other regulatory bodies, or impose onerous requirements, conditions, costs and expenditures on our operations. Any such changes and the related uncertainties with respect to the implementation of the new regulations may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future cash flows. In addition, while no such instance has occurred in the past, we may incur capital expenditures to comply with the requirements of any new regulations, which may also materially harm our results of operations and cash flows. Any changes to such laws may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, future cash flows and prospects. 

Furthermore, the Finance Act, 2020, had, amongst others things, notified changes and provided a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime, including, without limitation, a simplified alternate direct tax regime and that dividend distribution tax (“ **DDT** ”), will not be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident and are subject to tax deduction at source. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source from such dividend. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in our Equity Shares. 

Another example was the introduction of national goods and service tax (“ **GST** ”) in India, which replaced taxes levied by central and state governments with a unified tax regime in respect of the supply of goods and services for all of India, resulting in changes to India’s tax regime. Importantly, in order for us to utilize input credit under GST, the entire value chain has to be GST-compliant, including us. While we are and will continue to adhere to the GST rules and regulations, there can be no assurance that our relevant counterparties will do so. Any such failure may result in increased cost on account of non-compliance with the GST and may adversely affect our business, cash flows and results of operations. 

Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. Furthermore, if we are affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of laws and regulations or any related proceedings or are required to bear any costs in order to comply with such provisions or to defend such proceedings, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected. 

# **_52. Compliance with and changes in safety, health, employment and environmental laws and regulations may adversely affect our operations._** 

We are subject to a broad range of safety, health, employment and environmental laws and regulations in India. These laws and regulations require us to obtain and maintain permits and approvals, undergo environmental impact assessments, review processes and implement environmental health and safety programmes, impose controls on our air and water discharges, storage, handling, discharge and disposal of chemicals, employee exposure to hazardous substances and other aspects of our operations and services. Since our O&M sites are operated on premises owned by our customers, they are also required to ensure compliance with safety, health and environmental laws for all workers operating on their premises. However, while no such instance has occurred in the past, there can be no assurance that our customers comply in all material respects with all applicable safety, health and environmental laws and regulations. 

Further, some of our O&M processes are hazardous and require us to comply with stringent safety standards. We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, operating costs and capital expenditure to comply with such laws and regulations. While we believe we are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable safety, health and environmental laws and regulations, we could be affected by the adoption or implementation of new safety, health and environmental laws and regulations, new interpretations of existing laws, increased governmental enforcement of environmental laws or other similar developments in the future. Safety, health and environmental laws and regulations particularly in India are becoming increasingly stringent and it is possible that they will become more stringent in the 

54 

future. The costs of complying with these requirements could be significant. The measures that we implement in order to comply with these new laws and regulations may be deemed insufficient by governmental authorities and our compliance costs may significantly exceed current estimates. If we fail to meet environmental requirements, we may also be subject to administrative, civil and criminal proceedings by governmental authorities, as well as civil proceedings by environmental groups and other individuals, which could result in substantial fines and penalties against us as well as orders that could limit or halt our operations. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

Recently, the GoI has introduced four labour codes which are yet to come into force as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, namely, (i) The Code on Wages, 2019, (ii) The Industrial Relations Code, 2020, (iii) The Code on Social Security, 2020 and (iv) The Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020 which consolidate, subsume and replace numerous existing central labour legislations. These codes are expected to replace the existing legal framework governing rights of workers and labour relations. While the rules for implementation under these codes have not been notified, we are yet to determine the impact of all or some such laws on our business and operations which may restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. For example, the Code on Social Security, 2020 aims to provide uniformity in providing social security benefits to the employees which was earlier segregated under different acts and had different applicability and coverage. Furthermore, The Code on Wages, 2019 limits the amounts that may be excluded from being accounted toward employment benefits (such as gratuity and maternity benefits) to a maximum of 50% of the wages payable to employees. The implementation of such laws have the ability to increase our employee and labour costs, thereby adversely impacting our results of operations, cash flows, business and financial performance. 

# **External Risk Factors** 

**_53. Financial difficulty and other problems in certain financial institutions in India could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, future cash flows and financial condition._** 

We are exposed to the risks of the Indian financial system which may be affected by the financial difficulties faced by certain Indian financial institutions whose commercial soundness may be closely related as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships. This risk, which is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk”, may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, banks, securities firms and exchanges with which we interact on a daily basis. Any such difficulties or instability of the Indian financial system in general could create an adverse market perception about Indian financial institutions and banks and adversely affect our business, results of operations, future cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_54. We may be affected by competition laws, the adverse application or interpretation of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, of India, as amended (the “ **Competition Act** ”), regulates practices and seeks to prevent an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India (“ **AAEC** ”). Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert between enterprises, whether formal or informal, which causes or is likely to cause an AAEC is considered void and attracts imposition of substantial monetary penalties. Furthermore, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or the provision of services or shares the market or source of production or provision of services in any manner, including by way of allocation of geographical area or number of consumers in the relevant market or directly or indirectly results in bidrigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an AAEC and is considered void. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. If it is proved that the contravention committed by a company took place with the consent or connivance or is attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other officer of such a company, that person shall also be guilty of contravention and may be punished. 

On March 4, 2011, the Government notified and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to and pre-approved by the Competition Commission of India (the “ **CCI** ”). Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued Competition 

55 

Commission of India (Procedure for Transaction of Business Relating to Combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. 

The Competition Act aims to, among others, prohibit all agreements and transactions including agreements between vertical trading partners i.e., entities at different stages or levels of the production chain in different markets, which may have an AAEC in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Furthermore, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an AAEC in India. However, the impact of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements entered into by us cannot be predicted with certainty at this stage. If we pursue an acquisition driven growth strategy, we may be affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI or if any prohibition or substantial penalties are levied under the Competition Act, it would adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

# **_55. Our business is substantially affected by prevailing economic, political and other prevailing conditions in emerging markets._** 

The Indian economy and capital markets are influenced by economic developments, political and market conditions in India and globally, including adverse geopolitical conditions such as increased tensions between India and China. We are incorporated in India, and our operations are located in India. Further, investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located elsewhere, including India. Adverse economic developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficit, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. For example, the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict has caused a significant increase and volatility in the price of crude oil and impacted fuel prices in India. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity, and the price of our Equity Shares. 

We are also dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in which we operate. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. Demand for our services may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional and global economies. Economic growth in the India is amongst other things, affected by domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports, global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall which affects agricultural production. Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Also, a change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could adversely affect economic conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular and high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our revenues, and as such decrease our operating margins. Further, factors that may adversely affect the economy, and hence our results of operations and cash flows, may include: 

- increase in interest rates may adversely affect our access to capital and increase our borrowing costs, which may constrain our ability to grow our business and operate profitably; 

- political instability, resulting from a change in governmental or economic and fiscal policies, may adversely affect economic conditions in India. In recent years, India has implemented various economic and political reforms. Reforms in relation to trade barriers have led to increased incidents of social unrest in India over which we have no control; 

- instability in other countries and adverse changes in geopolitical situations; 

- civil unrest, local agitation, acts of violence, terrorist attacks, regional conflicts or situations or war; 

56 

- India has experienced epidemics, and natural calamities such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, and drought in recent years; and 

- contagious diseases such as the COVID-19 pandemic, the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine. A worsening of the current COVID-19 pandemic or any similar future outbreaks of COVID-19, avian or swine influenza or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the Indian economy and economic activity in the region. 

Furthermore, any perceived slowdown in the Indian economy or the economy of any emerging market, or in specific sectors of such economies, may also adversely impact our business, results of operations, future cash flows and financial condition and the price of our Equity Shares. 

# **_56. It may not be possible for investors outside India to enforce any judgment obtained outside India against our Company or our management or any of our subsidiaries or affiliates in India, except by way of a suit in India._** 

Our Company is incorporated as a public limited company under the laws of India and all of our directors and executive officers reside in India. Furthermore, all of our assets, and the assets of our executive officers and directors, are located in India. As a result, it may be difficult to effect service of process outside India upon us and our executive officers and directors or to enforce judgments obtained in courts outside India against us or our executive officers and directors, including judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of jurisdictions outside India. It is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgements if that court was of the view that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy, or if judgements are in breach or contrary to Indian law. In addition, a party seeking to enforce a foreign judgement in India is required to obtain approval from the RBI to execute such a judgement or to repatriate outside India any amounts recovered. 

India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with only a limited number of jurisdictions, which includes the United Kingdom, Singapore, United Arab Emirates and Hong Kong. In order to be enforceable, a judgment from a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the Indian Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 (the “ **Civil Code** ”). The Civil Code only permits the enforcement of monetary decrees, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. However, the party in whose favour such final judgment is rendered may bring a fresh suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in a non-reciprocating territory within three years of obtaining such final judgment. It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis or to the same extent as was awarded in a final judgment rendered by a court in another jurisdiction if the Indian court believed that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy in India. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered pursuant to the execution of the judgment and we cannot assure that such approval will be forthcoming within a reasonable period of time, or at all, or that conditions of such approvals would be acceptable. Such amount may also be subject to income tax in accordance with applicable law. 

# **_57. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia, Russia and elsewhere in the world in recent years has adversely affected the Indian economy. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. Significant political, regulatory and economic uncertainty remains about how the precise terms of the relationship between the parties will differ from the terms before withdrawal, and more generally, as to the impact of Brexit on the general economic 

57 

conditions in the United Kingdom and the European economies and any consequential impact on global financial markets. In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy as well as a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. The ongoing Ukraine-Russia conflict, has contributed to rising rates of inflation in the current financial year, including in India. It has caused a significant increase and volatility in the price of crude oil and impacted fuel prices in India. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term effect of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby negatively affect the Indian economy. Any significant financial disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 

These developments, or the perception that any related developments could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. 

**_58. Significant differences exist between Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles, such as International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“U.S. GAAP”), which may be material to investors’ assessments of our financial condition, result of operations and cash flows._** 

Our Restated Consolidated Financial Information for the three months ended June 30, 2022, Fiscals 2022, 2021 and 2020 included in this Red Herring Prospectus are presented in accordance with Ind AS and restated in accordance with the requirements of Section 26 of part I of the Companies Act, 2013, the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note on “Reports in Company Prospectuses (Revised 2019)” issued by the ICAI. Ind AS differs from accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar, such as IFRS and U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, the degree to which the Financial Information, which are restated as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations and included in this Red Herring Prospectus, will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Ind AS. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

# **_59. If inflation rises in India, increased costs may result in a decline in profits._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue. India has experienced high inflation relative to developed countries in the recent past. Increasing inflation in India could cause a rise in the costs of rent, wages, raw materials and other expenses. High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our consumers, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. If we are unable to increase our revenues sufficiently to offset our increased costs due to inflation, it could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Furthermore, the GoI has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not rise in the future. 

**_60. Certain non-Generally Accepted Accounting Principles financial measures and certain other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance like Earnings Before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortization, net working capital and net debt have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. These non-Generally Accepted Accounting Principles financial measures are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by Indian Accounting Standards and may not be comparable with those presented by other companies._** 

Certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance like EBITDA, net working capital and net debt, have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. We compute and disclose such non-GAAP financial measures and such other statistical 

58 

information relating to our operations and financial performance as we consider such information to be useful measures of our business and financial performance. These non-GAAP financial measures and other statistical and other information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to financial measures and statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other companies and are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by Ind AS and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. For details, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations – NonGAAP Financial Measures and Other Data_ ” on page 373. 

**_61. Natural calamities, fires, epidemics, pandemics, acts of war, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other events could have a negative effect on the Indian economy and cause our business to suffer._** 

Natural disasters (such as cyclones, flooding, storms, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions and earthquakes), epidemics, pandemics such as COVID-19, acts of war, terrorist attacks and other events, many of which are beyond our control, may lead to economic instability, including in India or globally, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations may be adversely affected by fires, natural disasters and/or severe weather, which can result in damage to our property or inventory and generally reduce our productivity and may require us to evacuate personnel and suspend operations. Any terrorist attacks or civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic and political events in India or countries from whom we import our spares and consumables could have a negative effect on us. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the price of our Equity Shares. A number of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to contagious diseases and, for example, have had confirmed cases of diseases such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID-19 virus. A worsening of the current outbreak of COVID19 pandemic or future outbreaks of COVID-19 virus or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the Indian economy and economic activity in the region. As a result, any present or future outbreak of a contagious disease could have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of our Equity Shares. 

# **Risks in relation to the Offer and the Equity Shares** 

**_62. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Furthermore, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all. Investors bear the risk of fluctuation in the price of Equity Shares and there can be no assurance that a liquid market for our Equity Shares will develop following the listing of our Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Indian Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and trading does not guarantee that a market for our Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a bookbuilding process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The Offer Price will be based on numerous factors, as described in the section “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 111. The market price and liquidity for the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors: 

- volatility in the Indian and other global securities markets; 

- our financial condition, results of operation and cash flows; 

- the history and prospects of our business; 

- an assessment of our management, our past operations and the prospectus for as well as timing of our future revenues and cost structures; 

- results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 

- announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments; 

- announcements of significant claims or proceedings against us; 

- • new laws and government regulations that directly or indirectly affect our business; 

59 

- additions or departures of Key Managerial Personnel; 

- changes in interest rates; 

- fluctuations in stock market prices and volume; 

- general economic conditions. 

- problems such as temporary closure, broker default and settlement delays experienced by the Indian Stock Exchanges; 

- the performance and volatility of the Indian and global economy; 

- financial instability in emerging markets that may lead to loss of investor confidence; 

- risks relating to our business and industry, including those discussed in this Red Herring Prospectus; 

- • strategic actions by us or our competitors or business partners; 

- investor perception of the investment opportunity associated with our Equity Shares and our future performance; 

- future sales of our Equity Shares by our Company or our shareholders; 

- variations in our quarterly results of operations or cash flows; 

- differences between our actual financial and operating results and those expected by investors and analysts; 

- our future expansion plans; 

- changes in the estimates of our performance or recommendations by financial analysts or failure of security analysts to cover the Equity Shares after the Offer; 

- the public’s reaction to our press releases and adverse media reports; 

- significant developments in India’s economic liberalization and deregulation policies; and 

- significant developments in India’s fiscal and environmental regulations. 

The Indian stock markets have, from time to time, experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have affected market prices for the securities of Indian companies. As a result, investors in the Equity Shares may experience a decrease in the value of the Equity Shares regardless of our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The Equity Shares are expected to trade on NSE and BSE after the Offer, but there can be no assurance that active trading in our Equity Shares will develop after the Offer, or if such trading develops that it will continue. Investors may not be able to sell our Equity Shares at the quoted price if there is no active trading in our Equity Shares. A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

# **_63. The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and the Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and will be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholder in consultation with the BRLMs. Furthermore, the Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholder in consultation with the BRLMs through the Book Building Process. These will be based on numerous factors, including factors as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” beginning on page 111 and factors included in the Price Band advertisement, and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The factors that could affect the market price of the Equity Shares include, among others, broad market trends, financial performance and results of our Company post-listing, and other factors beyond our control. We cannot assure you that an active market will develop or sustained trading will take place in the Equity Shares or provide any assurance regarding the price at which the Equity Shares will be traded after listing. 

# **_64. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price will be determined by us, in consultation with the BRLMs, through the Book Building Process, in accordance with applicable prevailing regulations. This price will be determined on the basis of applicable law and various other factors, as described in the section “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 111 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that you will be able to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. There can be no assurance that an active trading market for the Equity Shares will be sustained after this Offer. 

60 

**_65. Qualified Institutional Buyers and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after Bid/Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise or withdraw their Bids at any time during the Bid/Offer Period and until the Bid/Offer Closing Date, but not thereafter. Therefore, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors will not be able to withdraw or lower their Bids following adverse developments in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or otherwise at any stage after the submission of their Bids. 

While we are required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within six Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by the SEBI, events affecting the investors’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events may limit the Investors’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

**_66. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Foreign ownership of Indian securities is subject to Government regulation. Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions), if they comply with FEMA, FEMA Rules and the pricing and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and fall under any of the exceptions specified by the RBI, then the RBI’s prior approval is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms, in a timely manner or at all. As provided in the foreign exchange controls currently in effect in India, the RBI has provided that the price at which the Equity Shares are transferred be calculated in accordance with internationally accepted pricing methodology for the valuation of shares at an arm’s length basis, and a higher (or lower, as applicable) price per share may not be permitted. 

Furthermore, in accordance with Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020 issued by the DPIIT, the Consolidated FDI Policy and the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Amendment Rules, 2020 which came into effect from April 22, 2020, any investment, subscription, purchase or sale of equity instruments by entities of a country which shares a land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country, will require prior approval of the Government of India, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy and the FEMA Rules. These investment restrictions shall also apply to subscribers of offshore derivative instruments. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For details, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 442. 

Additionally, the Indian government may impose foreign exchange restrictions in certain emergency situations, including situations where there are sudden fluctuations in interest rates or exchange rates, where the Indian government experiences extreme difficulty in stabilizing the balance of payments or where there are substantial disturbances in the financial and capital markets in India. These restrictions may require foreign investors to obtain the Indian government’s approval before acquiring Indian securities or repatriating the interest or dividends from those securities or the proceeds from the sale of those securities. There can be no assurance that any approval required from the RBI or any other government agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. Due to possible delays in obtaining requisite approvals, 

61 

investors in the Equity Shares may be prevented from realizing gains during periods of price increase or limiting losses during periods of price decline. 

# **_67. Investors may not be able to immediately sell any of the Equity Shares they subscribe to in this Offer on an Indian Stock Exchange._** 

The Equity Shares are proposed to be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to Indian regulations, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and commence trading, including the crediting of the Investors’ “demat” accounts within the timeline specified under applicable law. Furthermore, in accordance with Indian law, permission for listing of the Equity Shares will not be granted until after the Equity Shares in this Offer have been Allotted and submission of all other relevant documents authorising the issuing of the Equity Shares. The Allotment of Equity Shares in the Offer and the credit of Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with the relevant depository participant could take approximately five Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid/ Offer Closing Date. There could be failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approvals or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the prescribed time periods or at all which could restrict your ability to dispose of the Equity Shares. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

# **_68. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a public company incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction the investors are located in, do not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in our Company would be diluted. 

**_69. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity-linked securities by us may dilute your shareholding and any sales of the Equity Shares by our major shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth, whether organic or inorganic, through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in us. Any future issuances of Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to the Equity Shares by us, including through exercise of employee stock options, if any, issued by us in future or the disposal of Equity Shares by our major shareholders or the perception that such issuance or sales may occur, including to comply with the minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of the Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that the shareholders will not dispose of the Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of your investment in the Equity Shares. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of the Equity Shares. There can also be no assurance that any substantial shareholder, including our Promoter will not dispose of, encumber, or pledge their Shares or related securities which may also adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

**_70. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares and stamp duty payable on such sale._** 

62 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. The Income-tax Act, 1961 levies taxes on such long-term capital gains exceeding ₹100,000 arising from sale of equity shares on or after April 1, 2018, while continuing to exempt the unrealized capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on such equity shares subject to specific conditions. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long-term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of a securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. Any gain realized on the sale of Equity Shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold other than on a recognized stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, will be subject to long term capital gains tax in India. 

Furthermore, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

The Government of India had announced the union budget for Fiscal 2023 and the Finance Bill, 2022 (“ **Finance Bill** ”) was introduced in the Lok Sabha on February 1, 2022. Subsequently, the Finance Bill received assent of the President of India on March 30, 2022 and became the Finance Act, 2022 (“ **Finance Act** ”). The Finance Act, has, among other things, provided a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. We cannot predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Act would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, future cash flows and results of operations. Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. For instance, the Supreme Court of India has in a decision clarified the components of basic wages which need to be considered by companies while making provident fund payments, which resulted in an increase in the provident fund payments to be made by companies. Any such decisions in future or any further changes in interpretation of laws may have an impact on our results of operations. 

Earlier, the Finance Act, 2019 amended the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 with effect from July 1, 2020 clarified that in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. Thus, uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

Furthermore, our Company cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect the Company’s business, results of operations, future cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_71. A third party could be prevented from acquiring control of our Company because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian law._** 

There are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company, even if a change in control would result in the purchase of your Equity Shares at a premium to the market price or would otherwise be beneficial to you. Such provisions may discourage or prevent certain types of transactions involving actual or threatened change in control of our Company. Under the SEBI Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or 

63 

indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to its stakeholders, it is possible that such a takeover would not be attempted or consummated because of the SEBI Takeover Regulations. 

# **_72. Rights of shareholders of companies under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Our Articles of Association, composition of our Board, Indian laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive and widespread as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

64 

