# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in the Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or the Equity Shares, or the industry and segments in which we currently operate in India. In addition, the risks set out in this section may not be exhaustive and additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or which we currently deem to be immaterial, may arise or may become material in the future. If any of the following risks, whether in isolation or in combination with each other, or other risks that are not currently known or are now deemed immaterial actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could suffer, the trading price of the Equity Shares could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. Furthermore, some events may be material collectively rather than individually. The financial and other implications of risks, wherever quantifiable, have been disclosed in the risk factors mentioned below. However, there are risks where the effect is not quantifiable and hence has not been disclosed in the applicable risk factors. To obtain a complete understanding of our Company, the Pre-Acquisition Group and the Post-Acquisition Group, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 158, 113 and 508, respectively, as well as the financial, statistical and other information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including but not limited to the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For details, see “Forward-looking Statements” on page 29. Any potential investor in the Equity Shares should pay particular attention to the fact that we are incorporated under the laws of India and are subject to a regulatory environment that may differ significantly from that of other countries. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examinations of us and the terms of the Offer, including the merits and the risks involved. Prospective investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Equity Shares._ 

_As used herein, references to the “Post-Acquisition Group” or “IGI” (including in the context of any pro forma financial information) refer to the IGI business globally, comprising our Company, our Subsidiary, the IGI Belgium Group and the IGI Netherlands Group, assuming the completion of the Proposed Acquisitions. As used herein references to the “Pre-Acquisition Group” (including in the context of any financial information) are to our Company and our Subsidiary as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus and prior to the completion of the Proposed Acquisitions. References to “we”, “our” or “us”, as the context so requires, will be to our Pre-Acquisition Group or Post-Acquisition Group, as the case may be._ 

_Our fiscal year ends on December 31 of each year, and references to a particular calendar year or “Calendar Year” or “CY” are to the 12 months ended December 31 of that year, being our financial year. Unless otherwise indicated or the context requires otherwise, the financial information included herein for and the nine-months periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and CY2023, 2022 and 2021, is based on the Company’s Restated Financial Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Financial Information” on page 214._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived or extracted from the Redseer Report, which has been commissioned, and paid for, by us exclusively in connection with the Offer, pursuant to an engagement letter dated May 6, 2024, as no report is publicly available which provides a comprehensive industry analysis, particularly for our services, that is similar to the Redseer Report. The Redseer Report is available on the website of our Company at https://investor.igi.org/shareholder-information/documents/ from the date of this Red Herring Prospectus until the Bid/Offer Closing Date and has also been included in “Material Contracts and Documents for Inspection – Material Documents” on page 598. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the Redseer Report and included herein with respect to any particular year, refers to such information for the relevant year. See “–This Red Herring Prospectus contains information from an industry report which we have commissioned and paid for from Redseer.” on page 52. References to segments in “Industry Overview” beginning on page 113 and information derived from the Redseer Report are in accordance with the presentation, analysis and categorization in the Redseer Report._ 

# **_Risks Relating to the Proposed Acquisitions_** 

**_1. Our Company proposes to use the Net Proceeds from the Fresh Issue for the Proposed Acquisitions, following which our Company will be responsible for overseeing and managing the overall IGI business inside and outside of India. We may face difficulties managing and administering an internationally dispersed business and may not be able to achieve operational efficiencies following the Proposed Acquisitions, which could adversely affect our business or results of operations._** 

Our Company proposes to use the Net Proceeds from the Fresh Issue for the Proposed Acquisitions. See “ _Objects of the Offer – Objects of the Fresh Issue_ ” on page 90. Following the completion of the Proposed Acquisitions, our Company will be become the sole shareholder of IGI Belgium and IGI Netherlands, and be responsible for overseeing and managing the overall IGI business inside and outside of India. We may face difficulties managing and administering an internationally dispersed business. It is possible that the integration of the businesses of the IGI Belgium Group and the IGI Netherlands Group could result in inconsistencies in standards, controls or procedures, particularly due to the scale of the combined 

32 

business. In particular, the management of our personnel across several countries can present logistical and managerial challenges. Additionally, international operations present challenges related to operating under different business cultures and languages. If we are unable to achieve our business objectives for our Company to oversee and manage the global IGI business, the anticipated benefits of the Proposed Acquisitions may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer or cost more to realize than expected. An inability to realize the full extent of, or any of, the anticipated benefits of the acquisition, as well as any delays encountered in the integration process, or an inability to fully identify the liabilities associated with the Proposed Acquisitions, could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations, which may affect the value of the Equity Shares after the completion of the Proposed Acquisitions. Further, the Share Purchase Agreement provides for limited representations and warranties by our Promoter in relation to itself as well as IGI Belgium Group and IGI Netherlands Group, and stipulates claim process, limitations and exclusions to the indemnity provided by our Promoter to our Company under the Share Purchase Agreement, which may limit our Company’s recourse under this Agreement. The completion of the Proposed Acquisitions is subject to certain closing conditions, and if such conditions are not fulfilled in a timely manner or at all, we may not be able to consummate the transactions contemplated pursuant to the Proposed Acquisitions, which may lead to an inability to consummate the Offer.  For further details, see “ _Proposed Acquisitions - Description of the Share Purchase Agreement_ ” on page 154. All of these risks, as well as the others that typically accompany a large transaction such as the Proposed Acquisitions, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. For details in relation to the financial information pertaining to the IGI Belgium Group and the IGI Netherlands Group, see “ _Special Purpose Consolidated Financial Statements for IGI Belgium Group and IGI Netherlands Group_ ” on page 285. 

**_2. Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus is prepared on a voluntary basis for illustration purposes only. Our actual results may differ from the actual outcome of the Proposed Acquisitions as presented in such Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information._** 

As the Restated Financial Information does not disclose the impact of the Proposed Acquisitions, we have included the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information in this Red Herring Prospectus on a voluntary basis to illustrate the impact of the Proposed Acquisitions on our historical restated financial statements as of and for the Calendar Year ended December 31, 2023 and as of and for the nine-months period ended September 30, 2024. For details, see “ _Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information_ ” on page 268. The Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information is presented for illustrative purposes only, contains a variety of adjustments, assumptions and preliminary estimates and is not necessarily indicative of what the Post-Acquisition Group's actual financial position, results of operations or cash flows would have been had the Proposed Acquisitions been completed on the dates indicated in the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information. The actual results and financial position of the PostAcquisition Group after the completion of the Proposed Acquisitions may differ materially from the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information. The Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information are, by their nature, subject to change and may not give an accurate picture of the actual financial results of operations that would have occurred had such transactions been effected on the dates they are assumed to have been effected, and are not intended to be indicative of our future financial results of operations. Further, the pro forma operating measures and pro forma financial information have not been prepared in accordance with the requirements of Regulation S-X under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act, U.S. GAAP, IFRS or Ind-AS. 

The Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information addresses hypothetical situations and does not represent our actual consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The adjustments set forth in the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information are based upon available information and assumptions that we believe to be reasonable and our actual results could differ from those indicated in the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information. The rules and regulations related to the preparation of pro forma information in other jurisdictions may vary significantly from the basis of preparation for the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus. Accordingly, the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information should not be relied upon as if it has been prepared in accordance with those standards and practices. 

# **_3. The valuation report obtained for the Proposed Acquisitions is based on various assumptions and may not be indicative of the true value of the IGI Belgium Group and the IGI Netherlands Group._** 

D&P Advisory (“ **Valuer** ”) as the independent valuer has issued a valuation report dated August 12, 2024 setting out their opinion as to the values of the IGI Belgium Group and IGI Netherlands Group as of April 30, 2024 (the “ **Valuation Report** ”). The purchase consideration for the Proposed Acquisitions has been arrived at based on the Valuation Report. For summary valuation information as derived from the Valuation Report, see “ _Proposed Acquisitions – Summarised Information about Valuation_ ” on page 157 of this Red Herring Prospectus. The Valuation Report has also been made available as material documents available for inspection. See “ _Material Contracts and Documents for Inspection – Material Documents_ ” on page 598. The valuations are subject to certain assumptions made and conclusions derived which may turn out to be inaccurate or incomplete, which may affect the valuation of the IGI Belgium Group or the IGI Netherlands Group, as the case may be. The valuation is an estimate and not a guarantee, and it is fully dependent upon the accuracy of the assumptions as to income, expenses and market conditions. Further, the Valuer has evaluated the suitability of certain methodologies and has followed a particular methodology to arrive at the valuation. There is no assurance that other methodologies would not have resulted in a different valuation. The Valuation Report does not confer rights or remedies upon investors or any other person, and does not constitute and should not be construed as any 

33 

form of assurance as to our financial condition or future performance or as to any other forward looking statements included therein, including those relating to macro economic factors. Additionally, the price at which we may be able to sell any of the IGI Belgium Group or the IGI Netherlands Group in the future may be different from the initial acquisition value of such entities. The Valuation Report has not been updated since the date of its issue, and does not consider any subsequent developments. Further, we cannot assure that other valuers would arrive at the same valuation. Accordingly, investors should not rely solely on the Valuation Report in making an investment decision to subscribe to or purchase Equity Shares. 

# **_4. A significant portion of the Net Proceeds are proposed to be paid to the Promoter of our Company._** 

Our Promoter is not the original promoter of our Company and had acquired 100.00% of the equity shares of our Company, IGI Netherlands and IGI Belgium in May 2023 from the Erstwhile Shareholders. The following table sets forth details of the consideration paid by our Promoter for such acquisitions: 

|**Entity**|**Total Consideration***<br>**(U.S.$ million)**||**Total Consideration***<br>**(₹ million)**|
|---|---|---|---|
|OurCompany||393.45|32,280.52|
|IGI Netherlands and IGI<br>Belgium||176.20|14,456.41|
|**Total**||**569.65**|**46,736.93**|



_* Consideration was paid in USD. Calculated basis exchange rate of $1 = ₹82.05, as per Form SH-4._ 

Our Company has entered into the Share Purchase Agreement with our Promoter pursuant to which the IGI Belgium Group and IGI Netherlands Group are proposed to be acquired by our Company. For further details, see “ _Proposed Acquisitions - Description of the Share Purchase Agreement_ ” on page 154. The aggregate purchase consideration for the Proposed Acquisitions is based on a total enterprise value aggregating $163.00 million (equivalent to ₹ 13,646.31 million ($1= ₹83.72 as of September 30, 2024 as per the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information)) (“ **Aggregate Enterprise Value** ”), subject to customary adjustments for working capital, debt and surplus cash basis audited accounts, in accordance with the Share Purchase Agreement and will be  determined prior to filing of this Red Herring Prospectus. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, the Aggregate Enterprise Value, as adjusted for working capital, debt and surplus cash basis audited accounts as of September 30, 2024 aggregates to $ 158.20 million (equivalent to ₹ 13,244.63 million ($1= ₹83.72 as of September 30, 2024 as per the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information)) (“ **Aggregate Equity Value** ”). We propose to utilise ₹13,000.00 million from the Net Proceeds towards funding the Proposed Acquisitions and the balance will be funded from internal accruals. 

In addition to such payment, our Promoter shall also receive proceeds pursuant to the Offer for Sale. For further details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 90. Our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale and the net proceeds received from the Offer for Sale will be remitted to the Promoter and our Company will not benefit from such proceeds. For further details of the Offer for Sale, see “ _The Offer_ ” beginning on page 63. 

# **_Risks Relating to the Pre-Acquisition Group_** 

_As used herein references to the “Pre-Acquisition Group” (including in the context of any financial information) are to our Company and our Subsidiary as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus and prior to the completion of the Proposed Acquisitions. References to “we”, “our” or “us”, as the context so requires, will be to our Pre-Acquisition Group._ 

**_5. Our success depends substantially on the value of our brand and our reputation, and adverse publicity, damage to our brand or a loss of reputation could impact the demand for our services or erode our market share or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business._** 

According to the Redseer Report (see page 143 of “ _Industry Overview_ ”), we are an established reputed certifier in the global market with a legacy of approximately 50 years. Our reputation and the value of our brand are therefore critical to our business. Adverse publicity concerning the quality, reliability, integrity or accuracy of our certification services, including any allegations that the characteristics of a diamond/colored stone does not align with the characteristics set out in our report, could result in the loss of our existing customer relationships, our inability to attract new customers, legal claims, government or regulatory investigations and increased costs, all of which could adversely affect our business and operations. The value of our brand and our reputation could be severely damaged even by isolated incidents, particularly if the incidents receive considerable negative publicity or result in substantial litigation. Whether or not any such claims have merit, they may adversely affect our reputation, our customers’ trust in our brand and the demand for our services. While we have not encountered any negative publicity which has had a material adverse effect on our business in the last three Calendar Years and in the nine-months period ended September 30, 2024, there is no assurance that such instances will not arise in the future, particularly as our business grows. Any real or perceived issues delivering our services to our customers or our failure to provide high-quality services to our customers could adversely affect our brand and reputation, and customers may no longer choose us over our competitors. This, in turn, could cause us to lose clients, lose market share and our market leadership position, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, 

34 

financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, as we also have co-branded reports with certain brands and retailers, any negative publicity affecting such brands and retailers may also have a flow-on impact on our reputation, and adversely affect our business. 

In recent years, there has been a marked increase in the use of social media platforms, including blogs, social media websites and applications, and other forms of internet-based communications which allow individuals access to a broad audience of customers and other interested persons. The dissemination of inaccurate information online could harm our business, reputation, prospects, financial condition and operating results, regardless of the information’s accuracy. Such inappropriate, unverifiable or false information regarding us may be published online or on social media by third parties, or any other such damage to our brand or our reputation may result in withdrawal of business by our existing customers and loss of new business from potential customers, could increase our costs, lead to litigation or result in negative publicity that could damage our reputation and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_6. Most of business operations of the Pre-Acquisition Group are conducted on premises obtained on lease or leave and license basis and any inability to seek renewal or extension of such leases or leave and license agreements may materially affect our business operations. Further, certain of these premises have not been registered as required under Indian law._** 

As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, the Registered and Corporate Office and some of the branches of the PreAcquisition Group, are situated at premises owned by the Pre-Acquisition Group. However, most of the business operations of the Pre-Acquisition Group, including our branches (which are equipped with our IGI laboratories) and offices, are being conducted on premises leased or obtained on leave and license basis from various third parties. Further, we may enter into additional leases or leave and license agreements and similar arrangements for our branches and offices in the future. Further, certain of the lease deeds and leave and license agreements of our branches may not be adequately stamped or registered. In certain instances, our lessors have mortgaged such leased premises in favor of third parties, and any enforcement of such mortgages or any adverse impact on, or deficiency in, the title, ownership rights or development rights of the owners from whose premises we operate, breach of the contractual terms of any lease or leave and license agreements, or any inability to renew such agreements on acceptable terms may materially affect our business operations. In relation to our branches, which are equipped with our in-house laboratories, we typically enter into lease or leave and license arrangements for a term of 12 months to 9 years. While we have not encountered any difficulties in the last three Calendar Years and in the nine-months period ended September 30, 2024 with renewing any of our existing lease or license arrangements, and have not had any premature terminations, we cannot assure you that such instances will not arise in the future, and that we will be able to renew any of our existing lease arrangements when the term of the original arrangement expires, on similar terms or terms reasonable for us or that such arrangements will not be prematurely terminated (including for reasons that may be beyond our control). The failure to identify suitable premises for relocation of existing properties, if required, could have material adverse effect on our prospects, business and results of operations. 

# **_7. Our Promoter acquired our Company in Calendar Year 2023 and does not have significant experience in our line of business._** 

Our Promoter acquired 100% of our issued and paid up Equity Share capital on May 19, 2023. For further details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” and “ _Our Promoter and Promoter Group – Change in our Promoter_ ” on pages 78 and 211, respectively. Our Promoter functions as an investment holding company and has experience of providing capital and strategic support to its investee companies. While we have an experienced Board and management with extensive experience in our business, our Promoter does not have a long track record of being engaged in our business, based on which their performance in our Company may be judged. Accordingly, there is no assurance that our future performance will be consistent with the past financial performance included elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further details, see “ _Financial Information_ ” on page 214. 

# **_8. Our Promoter will continue to retain significant shareholding in our Company after the Offer, which will allow them to exercise influence over us. Any substantial change in our Promoter’s shareholding, or shareholding of our Company, may have an impact on the trading price of our Equity Shares which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Our Promoter will continue to exercise influence over all matters requiring shareholders’ approval, including the composition of our Board of Directors, the adoption of amendments to our constitutional documents, the approval of mergers, strategic acquisitions or joint ventures or the sales of substantially all of our assets, and the policies for dividends, investments and capital expenditures. This concentration of ownership may also delay, defer or even prevent a change in control of our Company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of our Promoter. Further, the Promoter’s shareholding may limit the ability of a third party to acquire control. For further details, see “ _Capital Structure - Shareholding of our Promoter and Promoter Group_ ”, on page 84. Further, any change in control of our Promoter could impact our business and results of operations. Except for the IGI Belgium Group and the IGI Netherlands Group which are owned by the Promoter as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus (and proposed to be acquired by our Company pursuant to the Proposed Acquisitions), our Promoter is not involved in any venture 

35 

which is in the same line of activity or business as that of the Company. Any future investments by our Promoter could potentially conflict with our Company’s interests, your interests or the interests of our other shareholders. There is no assurance that our Promoter will act to resolve any conflicts of interest in our Company’s or your favor. For details about our Promoter, see _“Our Promoter and Promoter Group”_ on page 210. 

# **_9. We have entered, and may continue to enter into related party transactions which may involve conflicts of interest. Further, our Promoter, Directors, Group Companies, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management Personnel have interests in us other than the reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration and benefits._** 

We have in the past entered into certain related party transactions with our Key Managerial Personnel, Directors and our Promoter. Such related parted transactions with our Key Managerial Personnel were terminated effective from March 1, 2024. The Proposed Acquisitions will be treated as related party transactions. Further, our Promoter may also be deemed to be interested to the extent of Equity Shares held by them, directly or indirectly, in our Company, as well as to the extent of any dividends, bonuses or other distributions on such shareholding. Our Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management Personnel may have interests in us other than the reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal renumeration or benefits. Further, except as disclosed below our Company, Promoter, Promoter Group, Key Managerial Personnel, Directors, Subsidiaries and Group Companies do not have any conflict of interest with the lessor of the immovable properties (crucial for operations of our Company). 

- a. Gajvrat Realty Private Limited, one of our Group Companies, has leased to us the two properties; and 

- b. Assaying & Authenticity Alliance Private Limited, one of our Group Companies, has leased to us two properties. 

The aggregate of all related party transactions in the last three Fiscals is more than 10% of total transactions of similar nature, i.e. for commission income, remuneration and sitting fees paid to the directors, payment against various expense, payment of rent paid (including property tax, maintenance and GST) and dividend payment. For further details in relation to our related party transactions for the nine-months period ended September 30, 2024, CY2023, 2022 and 2021, see “ _Summary of the Offer Document – Summary of Related Party Transactions_ ” and “ _Other Financial Information – Related Party Transactions_ ” on pages 19 and 505, respectively. For further details in relation to interest of our Directors, and Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management, see “ _Our Management – Interests of Directors_ ” and “ _Our Management – Interests of Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management Personnel”_ on pages 200 and 208, respectively. 

While all such related party transactions for the nine-months period ended September 30, 2024, September 30, 2023, CY2023, 2022 and 2021 have been conducted on an arm’s length basis and were not prejudicial to our interests, we may enter into related-party transactions in the future which will be subject to approval by our Audit Committee, Board or shareholders, as required under the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI Listing Regulations, we cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations or that we could not have achieved more favorable terms if such transactions had not been entered into with related parties. Such future related-party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest which may be detrimental to the interest of our Company and we cannot assure you that such future transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will always be in the best interests of our minority shareholders and will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

# **_10. We do not have exclusive or long term contracts with our customers, and there is no assurance that they will continue to demand for our services._** 

Although we do have recurring customers among our top customers, we do not have exclusive or long term contracts with our customers and all the orders are placed on an as-needed basis. As such, our business is dependent on our ability to maintain and strengthen our relationships and arrangements with existing customers. Our relationship with our customers is dependent to a large extent on our ability to regularly meet their requirements, including by price competitiveness, efficient and timely service deliveries and consistent quality. In the event we are unable to meet such requirements in the future, it may result in decrease in orders or cessation of business from affected customers. There are also a number of factors relating to our customers beyond our control that might result in the termination of our arrangement or the loss of a customer relationship, including changes in the demand for their products that may adversely affect the volumes required from us. Further, the deterioration of the financial condition or business prospects of these customers could reduce demand for our certification services and could result in a significant decline in the revenues we derive from such customers. Adverse changes in our relationships with our customers or the inability to develop new services and solutions for existing customers or to successfully establish relationships with new customers, could therefore limit our business prospects, which could adversely affect our financial performance. 

# **_11. There are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company, Directors, the IGI Belgium Group and the IGI Netherlands Group which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

There are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company, Directors, the IGI Belgium Group and the IGI Netherlands Group. For instance, our Company and our Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer have received show cause notices 

36 

from the Deputy Director, Employees’ State Insurance Corporation and Regional Provident Fund Commissioner - II, Employees’ Provident Fund Organization. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ - _Litigation involving our Company – Litigation against our Company – Actions taken by Regulatory or Statutory Authorities_ ” on page 530. 

The outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company, Directors, the IGI Belgium Group and the IGI Netherlands Group are pending at different levels of adjudication before various fora. 

A summary of the outstanding proceedings involving our Company, Directors, the IGI Belgium Group and the IGI Netherlands Group as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus, to the extent quantifiable, have been set out below. None of these litigation proceeds, if determined adversely against Company, Directors, the IGI Belgium Group and the IGI Netherlands Group, would adversely affect the ability of our Company to operate as a going concern. 

|**Category of**<br>**individuals.**<br>**Entities**<br>**Company**|**Criminal**<br>**proceedings**|**Tax**<br>**proceedings**|**Statutory or**<br>**regulatory**<br>**proceedings**|**Disciplinary**<br>**actions by**<br>**SEBI or**<br>**Stock**<br>**Exchanges**<br>**against our**<br>**Promoter in**<br>**the last five**<br>**years,**<br>**including**<br>**outstanding**<br>**action**|**Material civil**<br>**litigation**|**Aggregate**<br>**amount involved**<br>**(₹ in million)**<sup>**(1)**</sup>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|By<br>the<br>Company|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|N.A|
|Against<br>the|Nil|6|2|Nil|2<sup>(2)</sup>|51.66|
|Company|||||||
|**Subsidiary**|||||||
|By<br>the<br>Subsidiary|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Against<br>the|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Subsidiary|||||||
|**Directors**|||||||
|By<br>the<br>Directors|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Against<br>the|Nil|Nil|1|Nil|Nil|1.78|
|Directors|||||||
|**IGI Belgium Gr**|**oup**||||||
|By<br>the<br>IGI<br>Belgium Group|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Against<br>IGI|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|2<sup>(2)</sup>|Nil|
|Belgium Group|||||||
|**IGI Netherlands**|**Group**||||||
|By<br>the<br>IGI<br>Netherlands<br>Group|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Against<br>IGI<br>Netherlands<br>Group|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|1|Nil.|



_(1) To the extent quantifiable_ 

_(2) One of the matters pertains to a litigation that has been initiated by KS Trade LLC against our Company, IGI USA and IGI UAE and others before the Supreme Court of the State of New York._ 

For details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 529. 

We cannot provide assurance that these legal proceedings will be decided in our favor or that no further liability will arise out of these proceedings. Such legal proceedings may include but not limited to, complaints and lawsuits by employees or customers. In addition to legal proceedings, we are routinely subjected to customers’ grievances. Such proceedings could divert management time and attention and consume its financial resources even if we are successful in defending them or effectively redress them, and result in adverse publicity or direct financial losses due to actual or purported breaches of promise or wrongful denial of claims. Decisions in such proceedings adverse to our interests may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

37 

**_12._** **_<mark>We rely significantly on our information technology systems for our business and operations. A failure of our information technology systems, physical or electronic security protections, or an interruption in their operation due to internal or external factors including cyber-attacks or insider threats, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.</mark>_** 

We rely on both internal information technology systems, physical controls and policies, and certain external services and service providers to manage the day-to-day operation of our business, operate elements of our laboratories, manage relationships with our employees, customers and suppliers, fulfil customer orders and maintain our financial and accounting records. Our ability to operate and remain competitive depends in part on our ability to maintain and upgrade our information technology systems and infrastructure on a timely and cost-effective basis. 

Our operations also rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. Our financial, accounting and other data processing systems, management information systems and our corporate website may fail to operate adequately or become disabled as a result of events beyond our control, including a disruption of electrical or communications services. We are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, cyber security attacks including computer malware, viruses, hacking, phishing attacks, <mark>distributed denial of service attacks (“</mark> **<mark>D</mark> Do** **<mark>S</mark>** <mark>”), r</mark> ansomware incidents, terrorist attacks, actual or threatened acts of war, power losses, telecommunications failures and similar events. <mark>We cannot guarantee that applicable recovery systems, security protocols and other procedures are or will be adequate to prevent interruptions, system failure or data loss.</mark> As we rely on third-party providers, in the event that any third-party provider’s systems or service abilities failed or are interrupted, our ability to operate may be impaired. Any of these risks may be augmented if our or any third-party provider’s business continuity and disaster recovery plans prove to be inadequate. The failure of our information technology systems to perform as anticipated for any reason or any significant breach of security could disrupt our business and result in numerous adverse consequences, including reduced effectiveness and efficiency of operations, increased costs or loss of important information or capabilities, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The unauthorized access to or theft of controlled technology may have adverse legal and regulatory consequences to us and our business. Any security breach, including personal data breaches, or incident, including cybersecurity incidents, that we experience could result in unauthorized access to, misuse of or unauthorized acquisition of our or our customers’ data, the loss, corruption or alteration of this data, interruptions in our operations or damage to our computer hardware or systems or those of our customers. Moreover, negative publicity arising from these types of disruptions could damage our reputation, cause our customers to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our data security measures. The occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

We have technology and information security processes, security and threat assessment plans and safeguards and periodic external service and service provider reviews in place to mitigate our risk to these vulnerabilities. However, these measures may not be adequate to ensure that our operations will not be disrupted or our financial impact minimalized, should such an event occur. Unavailability of our information technology systems could disrupt our operations and we do not carry business interruption insurance to compensate us for any losses as a result of business disruptions including those arising from our information technology systems, which could expose us to losses from security incidents or breaches. 

# **_13. If we are unable to establish and maintain an effective system of internal controls and compliances, our business and reputation could be adversely affected._** 

We manage our internal compliance by monitoring and evaluating internal controls and ensuring all relevant statutory and regulatory compliances. We also implement quality control procedures during our grading process, including our in-house developed software “Swiftcert” to track all diamonds, studded jewelry and colored stones that have been submitted across our laboratories globally. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our laboratory in Surat and one of our laboratories in Mumbai has received the ISO/IEC 17025:2017 accreditation for competence of testing and calibration laboratories, which certifies that our laboratories meet the technical and quality benchmarks for analytical testing methods. However, there can be no assurance that deficiencies in our internal controls will not arise or that we will be able to implement and continue to maintain adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls, in a timely manner or at all. If we are unable to establish and maintain an effective system of internal controls and compliances, our business and reputation could be adversely affected. 

# **_14. We do not maintain insurance coverage for any claims incurred by customers in connection with the certification process, and any successful claims could expose us to damages._** 

We provide our customers the option to conduct rechecks. See “ _Our Business – The certification process_ ” on page 178. While there is a tolerance in the industry for a diamond to be off by one letter grade, as per the Redseer Report (see page 145 of “ _Industry Overview_ ”), there is no assurance that any changes in grading outcomes during the recheck process will not exceed such tolerances, whether due to differences in opinions or errors. In the United States, we also offer independent appraisal services for studded jewelry. The occurrence of any material differences in grading outcomes during the certification or appraisal process could lead to customer dissatisfaction and expose us to claims by our customers or endconsumers. For instance, our Company, IGI Dubai and IGI USA are subject to ongoing legal proceedings in New York 

38 

pursuant to a complaint made in 2017 by a former customer relating to alleged over-grading of diamonds. We believe the claims have no merit and intend to vigorously defend against them. Regardless of the merits of such claims, they could still be costly, divert management’s attention and adversely affect our reputation. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ - _Litigation involving our Company – Litigation against our Company – Material Civil Litigation_ ” on page 529. As we do not maintain insurance coverage for any claims incurred by customers in connection with the certification process, if any such claims against us are ultimately successful, we could be required to pay damages, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_15. Our Company has received a letter from the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India (“MCA”) alleging certain non compliances under certain provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and applicable accounting standards pertaining to periods prior to our Promoter acquiring our Company. We may be subject to regulatory actions including fines, penalties, if any, in this regard._** 

Pursuant to an inspection undertaken by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (for details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments - Litigation involving our Company – Litigation against our Company – Other Matters_ ” on page 530), our Company received a letter dated September 2, 2024 (“ **Letter** ”) alleging certain non-compliance in relation to books of account and other compliances prior to our Promoter acquiring our Company. The Letter alleges inter-alia that our Company (a) undertook a related party transaction with IGI Hong Kong aggregating ₹ 0.45 million during the Calendar Year ended 2020, which was not at arm’s length without the requisite board approval for the transaction; (b) failed to disclose details of the said related party transaction with IGI Hong Kong as not being on arms’ length, in the board report for Calendar Year 2020; (c) failed to make specified disclosures in the financial statements for the Calendar Year ended December 31, 2022 for a loan provided to IGI Turkey aggregating ₹ 73.67 million disclosed in the financial statements; (d) failed to utilize the prescribed format for disclosure of (i) “trade payables” in the balance sheet of our Company as at December 31, 2020, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022 and (ii) details of “non-current investment” in the balance sheet as at December 31, 2022; and (e) failed to disclose IGI Shanghai as a related party in the financial statements for the Calendar Year 2022. The letter has also alleged that our previous auditors have failed to qualify their report for Calendar Year 2020 and Calendar Year 2022 in relation to the non-compliances in issues (a) and (c) above respectively. 

Our Company responded to the letter on October 1, 2024. In relation to issues (a), (b) and (c), our Company has proposed to proceed with voluntary compounding in respect of the said matters. Further, with respect to issues (d) and (e), our Company has submitted detailed responses explaining how the relevant requirements have been complied with. Further, the then statutory auditors, Subramaniam Bengali & Associates, have also submitted their response letter dated September 30, 2024 stating that there was no requirement to qualify their reports for the stated periods. See “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments - Litigation involving our Company – Litigation against our Company – Other Matters_ ” on page 530. 

While our Company has applied to voluntary compound certain non-compliances as mentioned above, there can be no assurance that the MCA will compound these offences in a timely manner or at all. Further, we may be subject to penalties or other regulatory actions in this regard. 

# **_16. The Offer includes an Offer for Sale, the proceeds of which will not be available to us._** 

As this Offer includes an Offer for Sale of Equity Shares by the Promoter Selling Shareholder, the proceeds from the Offer for Sale will be remitted to the Promoter Selling Shareholder and our Company will not benefit from such proceeds. 

# **_17. Our ability to invest in foreign subsidiaries or joint ventures is constrained by applicable restrictions under Indian overseas investment laws as well as laws of the relevant international jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business prospects and international growth strategy._** 

Under Indian foreign investment laws, an Indian company is permitted to invest in overseas joint ventures or subsidiaries, up to 400% of the Indian company’s net worth as at the date of its last audited balance sheet (subject to certain exceptions) or as directed by the Reserve Bank of India, in consultation with Central Government from time to time. This limitation also applies to any other form of financial commitment by the Indian company, including in terms of any loan, guarantee, pledge or charge on assets (subject to applicable conditions) issued by such Indian company. However, any financial commitment exceeding US$ 1 billion (or its equivalent) in a financial year would require prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India, even when the total financial commitment of the Indian company is within the eligible limit under the automatic route, as mentioned above. Further, there may be limitations stipulated in the host country for foreign investment. Investment or financial commitment not complying with the stipulated requirements is permitted with prior approval of the RBI. In addition, there are certain routine procedural and disclosure requirements in relation to any such overseas direct investment. These limitations on overseas direct investment could constrain our ability to acquire our stake in overseas entities as well as to provide other forms of financial assistance or support to such entities, which may adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

39 

# **_18. Our business depends on our ability to attract and retain skilled employees, including our Key Managerial Personnel, Senior Management Personnel and gemologists. Our failure to attract or retain such personnel could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our performance depends largely on the efforts and abilities of our Key Managerial Personnel, Senior Management Personnel, and our operational personnel, including our gemologists. The inputs and experience of our senior management are valuable for the development of our business, operations and the strategic directions taken by our Company. Further, in the gemology certification industry, the level and quality of skilled gemologists are key competitive factors. We cannot assure you that these individuals will not leave us or join a competitor or that we will be able to retain such personnel or find adequate replacements in a timely manner, or at all, which could adversely impact our reputation, business prospects and results of operations. 

The following table sets forth the total number of employees, our gemologists and the annual attrition rate for our Key Management Personnel, Senior Management Personnel, gemologists and all other employees of the Pre-Acquisition Group, for the years/periods indicated: 

|**Particular**|**As of/for the nine-m**<br>**ended Septem**<br>|**onths period**<br>**ber 30,**<br>|**As of/for the Cale**<br>|**ndar Year ended D**<br>|**ecember 31,**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2024**|**2023**|**2023**|**2022**|**2021**|
|**Number of Gemologists**|**316**|**249**|**266**|**220**|**167**|
|India|311|244|262|217|167|
|Türkiye<sup>(1)</sup>|5|5|4|3|-|
|Gemologist Attrition Rate (%)<br>(2)|10.65%|8.53%|11.11%|13.95%|11.80%|
|**Total number of employees**|**843**|**697**|**727**|**542**|**498**|
|India|832|687|718|536|498|
|Türkiye|11|10|9|6|-|
|Annual<br>attrition<br>rate<br>for<br>employees<br>(excluding<br>Key<br>Management<br>Personnel<br>and<br>Senior Management Personnel)<br>(3)|9.49%|7.31%|9.37%|9.69%|10.42%|
|**Total**<br>**Number**<br>**of**<br>**Key**<br>**Management Personnel and**<br>**Senior**<br>**Management**<br>**Personnel**|**6**|**4**|**5**|**4**|**4**|
|Annual attrition rate for Key<br>Management<br>Personnel<br>and<br>Senior Management Personnel<br>(4)<br>_Notes:_|0.00%|0.00%|0.00%|0.00%|0.00%|



_(1) We commenced operations in Türkiye in CY2022._ 

_(2) Gemologist attrition rate represents the number of gemologists who left the Pre-Acquisition Group during the year/period divided by the average number of gemologists during the relevant year/period. Average number of gemologists is calculated as sum of opening and closing gemologists for the relevant year/period divided by two._ 

_(3) Employee attrition rate represents the number of permanent employee(s) (excluding Key Management Personnel and Senior Management Personnel) who left the Pre-Acquisition Group during the year/period divided by the total number of permanent employees (excluding Key Management Personnel and Senior Management Personnel) as at the last day of the relevant year/period._ 

_(4) Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management Personnel Attrition Rate represents the number of Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management Personnel who left the Pre-Acquisition Group during the year/period divided by the total number of Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management Personnel as at the last day of the relevant year/period._ 

We experience attrition of gemologists due to voluntary resignations and also due to terminations undertaken by us for different performance related reasons. While we have not experienced any significant losses of gemologists or skilled employees that has adversely affected our business in the last three Calendar Years and in the nine-months period ended September 30, 2024, there can be no assurance that such instances will not arise in the future. Any inability to replace such persons may restrict our ability to manage the overall running of our operations and may significantly impede our ability to achieve our business objectives. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting employees that our business requires. We may need to expend significant time and resources to identify, recruit, train, and integrate such employees, and we may never realize returns on these investments. 

# **_19. The Pre-Acquisition Group derived a significant portion of our revenue from our top 15 customers, and any inability to retain our key customers or attract new customers and expand our customer network, could negatively affect our business and results of operations._** 

We are dependent on certain key customers for a significant portion of our revenue. The following table sets forth details of revenue generated from the top 10 and top 15 customers of the Pre-Acquisition Group for the periods indicated: 

40 

|**Revenue from Top**<br>**Customers**|**Nine**<br>**202**|**-months**<br>**Septem**<br>**4**|**period ende**<br>**ber 30,**<br>**2023**|**d**<br>|**C**<br>**2023**|**alendar**<br>|<br>**Year ende**<br>**202**|_₹ in millio_<br>**d Decem**<br>**2**|_ns, except p_<br>**ber 31,**<br>**20**|_ercentages_<br>**21**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Top 10 customers|2,633.94|44.17<br>%|1,981.89|43.67<br>%|2,597.92|40.69<br>%|1,666.<br>23|33.94<br>%|861.88|23.63<br>%|
||3,068.54|51.45|2,209.83|48.70|2,966.52|46.46|1,914.|38.98|1,058.|29.01|
|Top 15 customers||%||%||%|06|%|01|%|



As such, the loss of one or more of these significant or key customers or a reduction in the amount of business we obtain from them could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. While such instances have not occurred in the last three Calendar Years and in the nine-months period ended September 30, 2024, we cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain historic levels of business and/or negotiate and enter into contracts on terms that are commercially viable with our significant or key customers or that we will be able to significantly reduce customer concentration in the future. 

# **_20. We do not have a formal business succession policy, and any failure to develop or implement an adequate succession plan may adversely affect the long term success of our business._** 

We do not have a formal business succession policy as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain any or all, or that we will be able to formulate a succession plan which will help to replace any Key Managerial Personnel or Senior Management Personnel. Any failure to develop or implement an adequate succession plan for our employees, including our gemologists, Key Managerial Personnel and our Senior Management Personnel, may also adversely affect the long term success of our business. 

# **_21. The revenue of the Pre-Acquisition Group is primarily concentrated in the states of Gujarat and Maharashtra in India, and any adverse developments affecting these regions in India could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Substantially all of the revenue of the Pre-Acquisition Group is derived in India, in particular, from laboratories, in-factory laboratory set-ups and mobile laboratory set-ups based in the states of Gujarat and Maharashtra, which are diamond manufacturing and trading hubs in India. Therefore, our revenues are closely tied to the general and local industry and economic conditions of these states as a whole, which are outside our control. The following table sets forth details of revenue from the certification business of the Pre-Acquisition Group which is derived from our laboratories, in-factory laboratory set-ups and mobile laboratory set-ups located in India and Türkiye. 

_₹ in millions, except percentages_ 

|**Revenue of**<br>**certification**<br>|**Nine-mo**<br>|**nths period**<br>**30**<br>|**ended Sep**<br>**,**<br>|**tember**<br>||**Calend**<br>|**ar Year en**<br>|**ded Decemb**<br>|**er 31,**<br>||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**business**|**20**|**24**|**20**|**23**|**20**|**23**|**20**|**22**|**20**|**21**|
|India|5,844.2<br>3|99.79%|4,394.2<br>9|99.63%|6,183.5<br>6|99.63%|4,776.2<br>0|99.97%|3,574.3<br>0|100.00%|
|Gujarat|3,143.1<br>7|53.67%|1,951.7<br>4|44.25%|2,849.5<br>1|45.91%|1,942.7<br>6|40.67%|1,145.4<br>3|32.05%|
|Maharashtra|2,093.3<br>3|35.74%|1,941.7<br>0|44.02%|2,688.9<br>9|43.32%|2,227.8<br>2|46.63%|1,959.3<br>8|54.82%|
|Rest of India|607.72|10.38%|500.85|11.36%|645.05|10.39%|605.62|12.68%|469.49|13.14%|
|Türkiye|12.35|0.21%|16.30|0.37%|23.26|0.37%|1.24|0.03%|-|-|
|**Total**<br>**Revenue of**<br>**Certificatio**<br>**n business**|**5,856.5**<br>**8**|**100.00**<br>**%**|**4,410.5**<br>**9**|**100.00**<br>**%**|**6,206.8**<br>**2**|**100.00**<br>**%**|**4,777.4**<br>**4**|**100.00**<br>**%**|**3,574.3**<br>**0**|**100.00**<br>**%**|



Such geographical concentration of our business in these states heightens our exposure to adverse developments related to competition, as well as economic and demographic changes in these regions which may adversely affect our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. For instance, weak economic conditions in India, particularly in these states, may cause the diamond and colored stone industry to suffer as consumers reduce their consumption of discretionary items. Uncertainties regarding future economic prospects may also affect consumer-spending habits, as consumer purchases of discretionary items generally decline during periods of economic uncertainty. 

41 

**_22. The Pre-Acquisition Group has experienced growth in the past few years and if we are unable to sustain or manage our growth, or successfully execute our growth strategy, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

The Pre-Acquisition Group has achieved overall financial growth across key metrics from CY2021 to CY2023 and for the nine-months period ended September 30, 2024. The following table sets forth certain of the key metrics of the PreAcquisition Group for the periods indicated: 

||**Nine-months p**<br>**Septemb**<br>|**eriod ended**<br>**er 30,**<br>|**Calendar Ye**<br>|**ar ended Dec**<br>|**ember 31,**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2024**|**2023**|**2023**|**2022**|**2021**|
|Revenue from operations(_in ₹ millions_)|5,963.57|4,537.88|6,385.28|4,909.94|3,646.91|
|Revenue from certification services(_in ₹ millions_)|5,856.58|4,410.59|6,206.82|4,777.44|3,574.30|
|EBITDA(_in ₹ millions_)<sup>(1)</sup>|4,291.82|3,213.16|4,501.18|3,351.82|2,406.48|
|Restatedprofit for theperiod/year(_in ₹ millions_)|3,260.60|2,386.94|3,247.38|2,417.58|1,715.30|



_Notes:_ 

_(1) EBITDA represents our profit for the period/year plus tax expenses, finance costs, depreciation and amortization expenses, less other income. EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure. For a reconciliation of EBITDA to our Restated Financial Information, see “Other Financial Information - Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures” on page 502._ 

Such growth including the increase in revenue from certification services, have primarily been on account of an increase in sales volume and reports generated by the Pre-Acquisition Group. For further details, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Results of Operations of the Pre-Acquisition Group_ ” on page 519. 

Our growth requires us to continuously invest in our operations, evolve and improve our operational, financial, and internal controls and administrative infrastructure. We may not be able to sustain our growth due to a variety of reasons, including but not limited to, the following: 

- a decline in the demand for certification services or the demand for diamonds, studded jewelry or colored stones; 

- • inability to acquire new customers or inability to maintain and grow the demand of our services from existing customers; 

- increased price competition; 

- inability to maintain and improve operational efficiencies; 

- failure to maintain high quality control standards; 

- delays in the expansion of our laboratories as a result of a number of factors, many of which may be beyond our control, such as unavailability of timely supplies of equipment and technologies; 

- inability to hire, train and retain skilled personnel such as gemologists; and 

- general economic and political conditions which may have an adverse impact on the industry in which we and our customers operate in. 

The prices that we charge for our services depend on the nature of services that we provide and is generally based on the weight or carat of the loose stones or the number of studded jewelry pieces (as the case may be). Further, as the prices that we charge for our services depend on factors such as the nature of services that we provide as required by our customers, as well as price competition and other market forces, there can be no assurance that factors beyond our control will not have an adverse impact on our revenues and financial growth in the future. A failure to sustain our growth may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. We are embarking on a growth strategy which includes maintaining our leadership position in the certification of laboratorygrown diamonds, increasing our market share in the certification of diamonds, studded jewelry and colored stones, expanding our global laboratory network and building brand salience. Such a growth strategy will place significant demands on our management as well as our financial, accounting, and operating systems. We cannot assure you that our growth strategies will be successful. 

In addition, as we scale up our business, we may not be able to execute our operations efficiently, which may adversely affect the turnaround time for our services, increased costs and quality control issues. If we are unable to increase our capacity at our laboratories or open new laboratories, we may not be able to successfully execute our growth strategy. Our failure to manage our growth effectively may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 

**_23. We are primarily in the business of the certification and accreditation of natural diamonds, laboratory-grown diamonds, studded jewelry and colored stones, and any adverse changes in the conditions affecting these industries, including a decrease in prices or supply, can adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects._** 

We are primarily in the business of the certification and accreditation of natural diamonds, laboratory-grown diamonds, studded jewelry and colored stones. The following table sets forth the breakdown of the revenue of the Pre-Acquisition Group generated from our certification business, and as a percentage of our revenue from operations of the PreAcquisition Group for the periods indicated. 

42 

_₹ in millions, except percentages_ 

||**Nine-mo**<br>**20**|**nths period**<br>**24**|**ended Septe**<br>**20**|**mber 30,**<br>**23**|**20**|**Calen**<br>**23**|**dar Year en**<br>**20**|**ded Decemb**<br>**22**|**er 31,**<br>**20**|**21**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Certification<br>and<br>Accreditation<br>Services|5,856.58|99.10%|4,410.59|98.22%|6,206.82|98.59%|4,777.44|98.70%|3,574.30|98.64%|
|Laboratory-<br>grown<br>diamonds|3,515.52|59.49%|2,337.91|52.07%|3,338.65|53.03%|2,049.88|42.35%|1,286.73|35.51%|
|Natural<br>diamonds|1,157.49|19.59%|930.31|20.72%|1,224.16|19.45%|1,221.39|25.23%|1,183.51|32.66%|
|Studded<br>jewelry and<br>colored<br>stones|1,183.57|20.03%|1,142.37|25.44%|1,644.00|26.11%|1,506.17|31.12%|1,104.06|30.47%|
|Education|36.99|0.63%|45.42|1.01%|53.59|0.85%|38.73|0.80%|24.71|0.68%|
|Traded Goods|16.10|0.27%|34.33|0.76%|35.05|0.56%|24.24|0.50%|24.69|0.68%|
|**Total Revenue**<br>**from contract**<br>**with customers**|**5,909.67**|**100.00%**|**4,490.34**|**100.00%**|**6,295.46**|**100.00%**|**4,840.41**|**100.00%**|**3,623.70**|**100.00%**|



For further details of our business, see “ _Our Business – Services_ ” on pages 72. 

As such, our business, financial condition and results of operations are subject to the performance of the diamonds, studded jewelry and colored stones industry, globally and in India, and we are exposed to fluctuations in the price and performance of these markets. According to the Redseer Report (see page 146 of “ _Industry Overview_ ”), fluctuations in diamond prices, influenced by factors like supply, demand, and economic conditions, can impact the demand for certification services. Economic downturns, such as during the COVID-19 pandemic, can result in reduced disposable income, impacting luxury goods purchases, including jewelry, which can lead to a decline in the demand for certification services, and during periods of low prices, demand for certification may decrease as traders and retailers become more price-sensitive, as per the Redseer Report (see page 146 of “ _Industry Overview_ ”). A reduction in the prices of such stones could adversely affect the profit margins of our customers, and result in pricing pressures on us to reduce the prices of our certification services. For instance, according to the Redseer Report (see page 129 of “ _Industry Overview_ ”), laboratory-grown diamond per carat retail prices have declined by 65% from CY2016 to CY2020 and by approximately 37% from CY2020 to CY2023, primarily due to declining wholesale prices. While such decreases in the prices of laboratory-grown diamonds have not resulted in a corresponding decrease in our revenue from certification of laboratory-grown diamonds from CY2021 to CY2023, there is no assurance that such instances will not occur in the future. 

Additionally, as per the Redseer Report (see page 146 of “ _Industry Overview_ ”), geopolitical risks and conflicts in diamond-producing, trading, or processing regions can disrupt the supply chain, making it difficult for us to access diamonds for certification. Approximately 35% of the world’s rough diamonds are of Russian origin for CY2022 and international sanctions due to the Russia-Ukraine war limiting or prohibiting the importation of Russian diamonds could negatively affect the worldwide supply of natural diamonds, according to the Redseer Report (see page 126 of “ _Industry Overview_ ”). Any adverse impact on the supply of natural diamonds, may result in increased prices, increased costs and potentially lower margins for many of our customers, particularly jewelry brands and jewelry retailers, which could have a negative impact on the price and demand of our certification services. It remains unclear what impact the conflict and sanctions have on consumer demand for natural diamond jewelry. According to the Redseer Report (see page 146 of “ _Industry Overview_ ”), concerns about the environmental and social impact of diamond mining could also lead to a decrease in demand for natural diamonds and related services, and our certification services may also be adversely affected as a result. 

As such, the occurrence of factors affecting the diamonds, studded jewelry and colored stones industry may consequently have an adverse impact on <mark>our certification services</mark> and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

# **_24. There were certain instances of delays in payment of statutory dues by us. Future delays in payment of statutory dues could attract financial penalties or other regulatory actions from the respective government authorities and in turn adversely affect our financial condition and cash flows._** 

During the nine-months period ended September 30, 2024 and Calendar Years ended December 31, 2023, December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our Company had instances of delays in the payment of certain statutory dues with respect to provident fund contributions, employee state insurance corporation payments, professional tax and labor welfare fund, which were subsequently paid. The table below sets out details of the total statutory dues paid by the Pre-Acquisition Group for the aforesaid periods, in accordance with applicable law: 

43 

|**Particulars**|**Number of**<br>**employees**|**Employee**<br>**state**<br>**insurance**<br>**corporation**<br>**payments**|**Provident fund**|**Professional tax**|**Labor welfare fund**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Calendar Year ended<br>December 31,2021|498|0.18|33.11|1.15|0.02|
|Calendar Year ended<br>December 31,2022|542|0.12|39.43|1.17|0.02|
|Calendar Year ended<br>December 31,2023|727|4.79|40.25|1.38|0.05|
|Nine-months period<br>ended<br>September<br>30,2023|697|2.33|30.60|1.03|0.03|
|Nine-months period<br>ended<br>September<br>30,2024|843|0.72|35.43|1.24|0.05|



Other than as disclosed below, there have been no delays in payments of employment related statutory dues by the PreAcquisition Group for the aforesaid periods: 

|**Particulars**|**ESIC**<sup>**#**</sup>|**Provident fund**<br>*****|**Professional tax**|**Labor**<br>**welfare fund**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Delayfor Calendar Year ended December 31,2021|-|2.76|0.26|-|
|Delayfor Calendar Year ended December 31,2022|-|-|0.15|-|
|Delayfor Calendar Year ended December 31,2023|4.55|7.10|0.47|-|
|Delay for Nine-months period ended September<br>30,2023|2.17|7.10|0.39|-|
|Delay for Nine-months period ended September<br>30,2024|0.06|2.51|0.26|-|



_* Delay in payment of provident fund is on account of time-taken by provident fund authorities for completion of KYC and opening of account for new employees who had joined the company._ 

_# Delay in employee state insurance corporation payments is with respect to contract laborers. The contractor failed to pay employee state insurance corporation dues for its laborers and hence our Company was liable to pay these dues. These dues pertain to Financial Year 2017-2018 and from May 2020 to February 2021, which were disputed and then finally settled in Calendar Year 2023. Our Company has now set controls in place to ensure statutory dues are deducted and deposited for contract laborers if the contractor fails to do so._ 

There can be no assurance that such delays will not arise in the future. Such delays could lead to financial penalties from the relevant government authorities. While the fines and/or penalties that we have paid in connection with the delays in payment of statutory dues for the nine-months period ended September 30, 2024 and Calendar Years ended December 31, 2023, December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were not material in nature, we cannot assure you that we will not be subject to any penalties, fines or other regulatory actions in the future that could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and cash flows. 

# **_25. We may be unable to sufficiently obtain, maintain, protect, or enforce our intellectual property and other proprietary rights and may experience counterfeit certificates, which could devalue the trust associated with genuine certifications._** 

Our Company has entered into a trademark license agreement dated July 4, 2024 with IGI Belgium pursuant to which our Company has been granted a worldwide, royalty-free, non-transferable license to use certain licensed marks, including the IGI logo and copyrights vested in the aforementioned licensed marks in connection with the services carried out by our Company in accordance with our MoA and AoA. No consideration or royalty is payable by our Company to IGI Belgium in relation to such trademark license agreement dated July 4, 2024. For details, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters – Shareholders’ agreements and other agreements_ ” and “ _Our Business – Intellectual Property”_ on page 184. 

Our ability to compete effectively is dependent in part upon our ability to obtain, maintain, protect, and enforce our intellectual property and other proprietary rights and to obtain licenses to use the intellectual property and proprietary rights of others, as may be required. We cannot assure that any future trademark, patents or other intellectual property rights registrations will be issued for our pending or future applications or that any of our current or future trademark, patents or other intellectual property rights (whether registered or unregistered) will be valid, enforceable, sufficiently broad in scope, provide adequate protection of our intellectual property or other proprietary rights, or provide us with any competitive advantage. 

We may be unable to prevent competitors or other third parties from acquiring or using trademarks, patents, or other intellectual property or other similar proprietary rights, which may infringe upon, misappropriate, dilute, or otherwise violate or diminish the value of our trademarks, patents and our other intellectual property and proprietary rights. Third 

44 

parties may misuse or misrepresent the “IGI” brand, for instance, by falsely advertising or claiming that a particular substandard diamond or colored stone has been certified by us, which could tarnish our reputation and cause our customers to lose trust in the legitimacy and reliability of our services. We are also exposed to the risk that our reports and certificates are falsified or tampered with, or that counterfeit reports and certificates are issued, infringing our trademarks and damaging our reputation. The production of forged or counterfeit reports and certificates can result from employee misconduct, or more commonly, third party external sources, such as fraudulent behavior by a client or third party. We have encountered instances in the last three Calendar Years and in the nine-months period ended September 30, 2024 involving certificates which have been forged or tampered with by third parties as well as diamonds, studded jewelry and colored stones with counterfeit IGI Laserscribe inscriptions, and IGI India has taken action where appropriate, including referring the matter to the relevant diamond bourse and the Gems and Jewellery Council. While such instances have not resulted in a material adverse effect on our business, there is no assurance that we will not encounter such cases in the future which could adversely affect our brand reputation, result in a loss of business and expose us to legal challenges or claims by our customers or end-consumers and reputational harm. <mark>In such cases, we may also be required to file infringement claims to stop third-party infringement or unauthorized use,</mark> which may be expensive, could cause a diversion of resources, and may not be successful, even when our rights have been infringed, misappropriated, or otherwise violated <mark>. We may also not be able to detect all instances of counterfeit certificates, particularly as forgers may possess more sophisticated tools due to technological advancements. A</mark> dditionally, any increase in the number of forged counterfeit reports and certificates could also undermine the integrity of the certification industry, devalue the trust associated with genuine certifications and have an adverse effect on the demand for certificates as a whole. We may also be required to make investments in advanced security features and anti-counterfeiting measures and there is no assurance that such measures will be effective. For further details on our expenses associated with paper used in the printing of our certificates, see “ _–Volatility in the supply and pricing of paper used for the printing of certificates may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._ ” on page 50. 

While we take care to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of others, we cannot determine with certainty whether we are infringing any existing third-party intellectual property rights. We may also be susceptible to claims from third parties asserting infringement and other related claims. If claims or actions are adjudicated against us from third parties asserting infringement and other related claims in India and abroad, we may be required to obtain a license, modify our existing technology or cease the use of such technology and design, or use a new non-infringing technology. Such licenses or design modifications can be extremely costly. Further, necessary licenses may not be available to us on satisfactory terms, if at all. In addition, we may decide to settle a claim or action against us, the settlement of which could be costly and time consuming. We may also be liable for any past infringement. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_26. Due to the inherent subjective nature of the grading process, we may not be successful in the prevention of fraud, discrepancies, human error or quality control issues during our certification process, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation and financial performance._** 

According to the Redseer Report (see page 145 of “ _Industry Overview_ ”), even though the industry standard of grading diamonds based on the 4Cs is the largely prevalent and accepted metric of grading, there is subjectivity in the judgement, which can vary among institutions and gemologists themselves. As per the Redseer Report (see page 145 of “ _Industry Overview_ ”), due to this subjective element, there is tolerance in the industry for a diamond rating; for instance, a diamond grading may differ by one letter grade from one grader to another. While we implement quality control procedures, including the adoption of our in-house developed software “Swiftcert” which was fully implemented across all our laboratories globally in 2024 and enables us to track the gradings given by our laboratories, there is no assurance that any quality control measures we implement will be successful in preventing significant deviations in our gradings, particularly due to the inherently subjective nature of the grading process. See “ _Our Business – Quality Control and Assurance_ ” and “ _Our Business – Information Technology – SwiftCert_ ” on pages 179 and 183, respectively. The subjectivity and complexity of gemological analysis and the inherent limitations of testing methodologies and equipment further amplifies the risk of inaccuracies, human error and misjudgments during the grading process. While we are not aware of any material errors or inaccuracies in our gradings during the last three Calendar Years and in the nine-months period ended September 30, 2024, there can be no assurance that such instances, including the failure to detect synthetic stones, will not arise in the future, particularly with advancements in technology used by counterfeiters. 

We may also not be successful in preventing instances of grading errors or fraud by gemologists or third parties. As certification via our in-factory and mobile laboratory set-ups are conducted on the premises of our customers, we may also have less oversight over third parties who have access to our customers’ premises. While we conduct quality checks and periodic calibration of our gemologists to reassess and adjust their grading techniques, such measures may not be effective in preventing all instances of grading errors or fraud by gemologists or third parties. While we have encountered instances where gemologists have made errors in the past, and have been subjected to warnings or terminations, in the case of repeated errors, there is no assurance that we will be able to detect all such errors. Additionally, due to the high volume of diamonds, studded jewelry and colored stones we receive and process which often have subtle differences, there is a risk of human error or fraud during the processing stage, which may lead to unintentional mix-ups or misidentification or fraudulent swapping of similar-looking stones or jewelry before they are placed back into their respective job envelopes. While we have not encountered any instances in the past which has resulted in an adverse effect on our business, there is no 

45 

assurance that we will not encounter such cases in the future, which may materially and adversely affect our business and reputation. 

# **_27. We face competition globally in our business, which could result in pricing pressures or an inability to compete effectively, and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and future prospects._** 

As per the Redseer Report (see page 143 of “ _Industry Overview_ ”), the loose stones (which include diamonds and colored stones) and studded jewelry certification market exhibits oligopolistic characteristics and is dominated by a few players, primarily due to the need to build up a strong reputation and credibility, alongside the requirement for specialized expertise and advanced equipment. We face competition globally in our business against other diamonds, studded jewelry and colored stones certification businesses, including other major global players, namely Gemological Institute of America (GIA) and Hoge Raad Voor Diamant (HRD) Antwerp, as well as global players who have recently emerged in the 2000s including Gemological Science International (GSI) and Solitaire Gemmological Laboratories (SGL) as well as a few local and regional players, as per the Redseer Report (see page 137 of “ _Industry Overview_ ”). Competition may be based on many factors, including quality and reliability, turnaround time, technological capabilities, price and brand recognition. Some of our competitors also include customers who conduct self-certifications in their efforts to become vertically integrated. Some of our competitors may have certain advantages, including greater financial, technical and/ or marketing resources, which could enhance their ability to finance acquisitions, fund international growth, respond more quickly to technological changes and/ or operate in more diversified geographies and product portfolios. Some of our competitors may possess a more established brand presence and a longer history of operations in certain geographies compared to us. This advantage could enhance the perceived value of their certifications and make it challenging for us to expand our market share in these geographies. Further, certification businesses that do not currently compete with us could expand their product portfolios to include the certification of natural diamonds, laboratory-grown diamonds, studded jewelry and colored stones that would compete directly with ours. For further details of our competition, see “ _Industry Overview_ ” and “ _Our Business - Competition_ ” on pages 113 and 185, respectively. 

Some of our competitors who wish to increase their market share may also undercut our prices, which may place pressures on us to adjust our pricing strategies in <mark>response to customer pressures and to maintain our market share. W</mark> e may also be at a competitive disadvantage with respect to price when compared to other certification service providers with lower cost structures. If competitors can offer a lower cost on their certification services, or provide a shorter turnaround time, at equivalent or in some cases even reduced effort and better efficiency, we may lose our customers and new business opportunities. <mark>This competitive pricing dynamic requires us not only to adjust our pricing model strategically to remain attractive to our customers, and any failure to do so could adversely affect our</mark> business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_28. The volumes that our customers require from us, including the mix of services required by our customers, are subject to fluctuations, and any inability to adapt to these changes could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

The volumes that our customers require from us are also subject to fluctuations, depending on various factors including the quantity or demand for or price of diamonds, studded jewelry and colored stones generally. The following sets forth the number of reports generated by the Pre-Acquisition Group for the years/periods indicated: 

|**Particulars**|**Nine-months p**<br>**Septemb**|**Pre**<br>**eriod ended**<br>**er 30,**|**-Acquisition Group**<br>**Calendar Year ended Decem**|**ber 31,**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2024**|**2023**|**2023**<br>**2022**|**2021**|
|Number of reports (in millions)|6.86|5.17|7.21<br>5.87|4.29|



The number of reports has increased disproportionately over the last three Calendar Years and in the nine-months period ended September 30, 2024, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to accurately predict or forecast the expected demand by our customers, or that they will continue to demand for our services on the same volumes and terms as is currently subsisting. Depending on the nature of the services provided, the time taken for the certification process can range from 2 to 9 days for each report, involving at least 2 gemologists who independently evaluate each diamond or colored stone through the grading process, with a final grade is only assigned when a consensus is reached by the senior gemologist. See “ _Our Business – Quality Control and Assurance – Grading Controls_ ” on page 179. Accordingly, as the certification process requires time and manpower, in the event we experience an unexpected increase in demand and are not able to allocate sufficient manpower to fulfil the requests of our customers in a timely manner, our competitive positioning and business may be adversely affected. 

Further, as revenue from the certification of laboratory-grown diamonds has increased to 58.95%, 51.52%, 52.29%, 41.75% and 35.28% of total revenue from operations of the Pre-Acquisition Group for the nine-months period ended September 30, 2024, September 30, 2023, CY2023, CY2022 and CY2021, respectively, the mix of customers of the Pre-Acquisition Group has changed over time, with laboratory-grown diamond growers gaining increasing significance as compared to our 

46 

other customers, as well as changes between services utilized by different laboratory-grown diamond growers from one financial period to the next. The prices of laboratory-grown diamonds are generally lower than those of natural diamonds, as per the Redseer Report (see page 129 of “ _Industry Overview_ ”), and consequently the prices for our certification services are also lower for laboratory-grown diamonds as compared to natural diamonds. Any inability to adapt our business plans due to changes in the volumes required by our customers or the types of services required by them could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_29. We may be subject to losses arising from the theft, fraud or loss of diamonds, studded jewelry and colored stones during the certification process, and our insurance coverage may be inadequate to protect us against all potential losses, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

Due to the high value of the diamonds, studded jewelry and colored stones that we certify for our customers, we are subject to various security risks, including those of theft, fraud or loss at our laboratories and during transit <mark>to and from our customers’ premises.</mark> To secure the high value diamonds, studded jewelry and colored stones transported and stored by us and we engage third party logistics service providers for the transit of studded jewelry from our customers’ premises to our laboratories and we maintain jewelers block insurance to cover for risks arising from physical loss or damage to the diamonds, studded jewelry and colored stones during storage and transport, among others. Our operations may be subject to incidents of theft or damage to inventory in transit <mark>to and from our customers’ premises and during the certification process at our laboratories.</mark> While <mark>we have set up various security measures such as including a security seal for each diamond and colored stone, CCTVs in our laboratories and daily stock taking, and have not faced any</mark> losses due to theft or damage in the last three Calendar Years and in the nine-months period ended September 30, 2024, <mark>there can be no assurance that we will not experience such instances in the future, which could expose us to claims from our customers, harm our reputation and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.</mark> 

We also maintain other insurance policies such as business owners’ property insurance which provides coverage for business personal properties and equipment. 

The following table sets forth the insurance coverage of the Pre-Acquisition Group and as a percentage of the written down value of the fixed assets of the Pre-Acquisition Group. 

||**Nine-months peri**<br>**September**<br>|**od ended**<br>**30,**<br>|**Calendar Ye**<br>|**ar ended Decembe**<br>|**r 31,**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2024**|**2023**|**2023**|**2022**|**2021**|
|Amount of insurance coverage<br>(₹ in millions)|529.18|521.34|526.16|460.94|457.02|
|As a percentage over the<br>written down value of our fixed<br>assets(%)|68.92%|71.56%|69.96%|64.53%|69.85%|



Other than an insurance claim for a loss of ₹ 4.17 million sustained due to a fire at our office in Surat in May 2024, we have not made any claims under our insurance during the last three Calendar Years and in the nine-months period ended September 30, 2024. However, we cannot assure you that we will not be required to make significant insurance claims in the future, or that our current insurance policies will insure us fully against all risks and losses that may arise in the future. Additionally, in case of any losses, there can be no assurance that we will be able to recover from our insurers the full amount of any such loss in a timely manner, or at all. If we incur significant losses and if such loss exceeds the limits of, or is subject to an exclusion from, coverage under our insurance policies, or if a claim is rejected by the insurer, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, if we file claims under an insurance policy it could lead to increase in the insurance premiums payable by us or the termination of coverage under the relevant policy. There can also be no assurance that any claims filed will be honored fully or in a timely fashion under our insurance policies. In addition, we cannot assure you that we will be able to renew our insurance policies on similar or otherwise acceptable terms, if at all. 

# **_30. We rely on laboratory equipment for our business operations, and any failure to maintain or upgrade our equipment in a cost-efficient manner may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

Our laboratories are equipped with an array of technologically advanced equipment which are used during the certification process. See “ _Our Business – Our Laboratories and Grading Process – Our Laboratories_ ” on page 177. Any significant malfunction or breakdown of our laboratory equipment may require repair or replacement costs and consequently cause delays in our operations. While we have not experienced any such instances in the last three Calendar Years and in the nine-months period ended September 30, 2024, there can be no assurance that such instances will not arise in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, according to the Redseer Report (see page 146 of “ _Industry Overview_ ”), technological advancements make it increasingly difficult to distinguish between counterfeit and synthetic stones, and colored stones treatment and synthesis technologies, which may require us to make significant investments in state-of-the-art equipment and training our gemologists to keep up with these changes. The continuous development and adoption of technologically advanced equipment can also incur substantial costs. Any failure to adopt technologically advanced equipment in our business processes could cause customers to seek seek 

47 

services from competitors with more advanced equipment, diminishing our competitiveness and potentially lead to an adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations, and prospects. Additionally, <mark>advancements in AI, machine learning, and spectroscopy could also lead to automated grading and identification,</mark> and change the dynamics in the industry, according to the Redseer Report (see page 146 of “ _Industry Overview_ ”). We are exploring these advancements in new technologies but there can be no assurance that we will be successful in doing so. See “- _If we fail to keep pace with technological advances in our industry, our business may be adversely affected_ ” on page 48. 

# **_31. Any unplanned disruptions at our laboratories, or any failure to expand our laboratory network in a timely and costeffective manner, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

Our business is dependent upon our ability to efficiently manage our laboratories, which is subject to various operating risks, including productivity of our workforce, increase in employee costs, compliance with regulatory requirements and circumstances beyond our control, such as the breakdown and failure of equipment, severe weather conditions, natural disasters and infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic. For instance, our laboratory operations were adversely affected during the COVID-19 pandemic due to quarantines, travel restrictions, limitations on social or public gatherings, and the temporary closure of our laboratories. Suspensions and closures of our laboratories could materially impact our results of operations. See “ _- Health epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, have had, and could in the future have, an adverse effect on our business and results of operations, and the markets in which we and our customers are present in_ ”. 

In addition, the ability to deliver our services in an efficient manner to our customers is also dependent on our network of laboratories. We are also in the process of commissioning a new 214,159 sq. ft. facility in Surat, India, to support our ability to cater to the rising demand in the certification services industry. If we are unsuccessful in identifying strategic locations where there is high demand for certification services to expand our laboratory network or if we fail to manage our costs associated with the expansion of our IGI laboratories, this may lead to operational and financial inefficiencies, and adversely affect our profitability. We may also not be successful in identifying suitable customers who will be able to generate sufficient business volumes to collaborate with on in-factory laboratory set-ups. Any delays in the set-up of new laboratories, including delays in obtaining the required licenses, could impair or delay our ability to set up that laboratory, and cause us to be unable to capitalize on market opportunities in a timely manner, increase the cost so substantially that the laboratory becomes unattractive to us. While we have not encountered any failure to obtain the required licenses in the last three Calendar Years and in the nine-months period ended September 30, 2024, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain all required licenses in a timely manner, or at all. Any failure to procure and maintain the necessary licenses would adversely affect ongoing development and continuing operation of our laboratories. Additionally, as our certification services through our in-factory and mobile laboratory set-ups are performed on-site at the premises of our customers, any disruptions in the operations at our customers’ premises due to factors beyond our control may also have an adverse impact on our ability to deliver our services to our customers. 

# **_32._** **_<mark>If we fail to keep pace with technological advances in our industry, our business may be adversely affected.</mark>_** 

<mark>As per the Redseer Report</mark> (see page 146 of “ _Industry Overview_ ”) <mark>, advancements in AI, machine learning, and spectroscopy could also lead to automated grading and identification, potentially reducing the need for human expertise and changing the dynamics in the industry. Our success therefore depends, in large part, on our ability to anticipate future customer needs, technological advances in the industry and to continue to introduce new innovative solutions and services. A part of our growth strategy includes pursuing advancements in newer technologies, including AI, to optimize our processes. See “</mark> _<mark>Our Business – Our Growth Strategies – Continue to invest in technology including AI to improve processes</mark>_ <mark>” on page 172. Research and development activities are inherently uncertain, and there can be no assurance that our efforts will generate the outcomes that we expect or generate anticipated financial returns.</mark> 

<mark>We also could experience an inability to keep pace with technological advances, resulting in our information technology platforms becoming obsolete or our competitors developing related or similar service offerings more effective than ours.</mark> For instance, we rely on our in-house developed software, “SwiftCert” to manage our operational activities across various geographies. This technology incorporates a range of modules, including a self-service portal and mobile app for customers to access and track the status of their certification requests on our online platform and mobile application, an operational module for staff, online certificate verifications by our customers and end-customers, among others. As such technology is developed in-house by us, we may be required to update and introduce new systems from time to time to keep up with technological advances and improve the efficiencies in our systems, especially as our business grows. While we have not encountered any material technical disruptions in the past, there is no assurance that such incidents will not occur in the future, including during any system upgrades or introduction of new systems. There is also no assurance that we will be able to adapt to technological change in the future. If our competitors adapt to changes or developments in technology faster or more efficiently than we do, we may lose market share and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. Any failure to do so could result in our systems being obsolete, thereby losing efficiency, compatibility and security features, which could adversely affect our business operations and our reputation. We also cannot assure you that we will have sufficient resources to devote to maintaining or improving our technology in the future. To the extent our past or future investments in technology do not 

48 

yield the benefits to our business that we expected or intended, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. 

# **_33. We require certain approvals and licenses in the ordinary course of business and are required to comply with certain rules and regulations to operate our business, and the failure to obtain, retain and renew such approvals and licenses or comply with such rules and regulations, and the failure to obtain or retain them in a timely manner or at all may adversely affect our operations._** 

We require several statutory and regulatory permits, licenses and approvals to operate our business. For instance, in India, our Company requires registration under state specific shops and establishments legislations, GST registrations, professional tax registrations and registration under Employees’ Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952. Many of these approvals are granted for fixed periods of time and need renewal from time to time. Non-renewal of the said permits and licenses would adversely affect our Company’s operations, thereby having a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. There are also certain licenses which our Company has applied for or is in the process of applying for in the ordinary course of business.  Such licences and approvals include GST registrations for certain states, registrations under state specific shops and establishments legislations for certain states and registration under the Employees State Insurance Act, 1948 for certain branches of our Company. For further details, see “ _Government and Other Approvals – Material Approvals applied for but not received_ ” on page 536. There can be no assurance that the relevant authorities will issue any of such permits or approvals in the time-frame anticipated by us or at all. Further, some of our permits, licenses and approvals are subject to several conditions and we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to continuously meet such conditions or be able to prove compliance with such conditions to the statutory authorities, which may lead to the cancellation, revocation or suspension of relevant permits, licenses or approvals. Any failure by us to apply in time, to renew, maintain or obtain the required permits, licenses or approvals, or the cancellation, suspension or revocation of any of the permits, licenses or approvals may result in the interruption of our operations and may have a material adverse effect on the business. If we fail to comply with all applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business or their implementation change, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties or suffer a disruption in our business activities, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Additionally, we obtain and maintain quality certifications and accreditations from independent certification entities and also comply with prescribed specifications and standards of quality approved by certification issuing agencies. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our laboratory in Surat and one of our laboratories in Mumbai received the ISO/IEC 17025:2017 accreditation for competence of testing and calibration laboratories, which certify that our laboratories meet the technical and quality benchmarks for analytical testing methods. If we fail to comply with applicable quality standards or if we are otherwise unable to obtain such quality accreditations in the future in a timely manner or at all, our business prospects and financial performance may be negatively affected. 

# **_34. Any variation in the utilization of the Net Proceeds would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders’ approval._** 

We propose to utilize the Net Proceeds towards (i) payment of the purchase consideration for the acquisition of the IGI Belgium Group and IGI Netherlands Group from our Promoter and (ii) general corporate purposes. For details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 90. The deployment of the Net Proceeds is based on management estimates, current circumstances of our business, prevailing market conditions and has not been appraised by any bank, financial institution or other independent party. These estimates may be inaccurate, and we may require additional funds to implement the purposes of the Offer. Accordingly, at this stage, we cannot determine with any certainty if we will require the Net Proceeds to meet any other expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of the competitive environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. Further, pending utilisation of Net Proceeds towards the objects of the Offer, our Company will have the flexibility to deploy the Net Proceeds and to deposit the Net Proceeds temporarily in deposits with one or more scheduled commercial banks included in Second Schedule of Reserve Bank of India Act, 1939, as may be approved by our Board or a duly constituted committee thereof. 

In accordance with Sections 13(8) and 27 of the Companies Act, 2013, we cannot undertake any variation in the utilization of the Net Proceeds or in the terms of any contract as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus without obtaining the Shareholders’ approval through a special resolution. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to undertake variation in the disclosed utilization of the Net Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain the Shareholders’ approval in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such Shareholders’ approval may adversely affect our business or operations. 

In light of these factors, we may not be able to undertake variation of objects of the Offer to use any unutilized proceeds of the Offer, if any, or vary the terms of any contract referred to in this Red Herring Prospectus, even if such variation is in our interest. This may restrict our ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition by redeploying the unutilized portion of the Net Proceeds, if any, or varying the terms of any contract, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

49 

# **_35. We face credit risks due to our trade receivables in the ordinary course of business._** 

Due to the nature of, and the inherent risks in, the agreements and arrangements with our customers, we are subject to counterparty credit risk. The Pre-Acquisition Group generally extends credit terms of 15 to 70 days to customers, subject to the creditworthiness of customers. The following table sets forth the trade receivables of the Pre-Acquisition Group and the provision for expected credit loss as at the years/period indicated: 

||**As at**<br>**September 30,**<br>|**As a**<br>|**t December 31,**<br>||
|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2024**|**2023**|**2022**|**2021**|
|Trade receivables (₹ in millions)|1,305.47|1,077.90|630.54|341.16|
|Trade receivables as a percentage over total<br>current assets(%)|25.36%|29.88%|22.87%|16.63%|
|Provision for expected credit loss (₹ in<br>millions)|78.75|78.93|20.91|53.20|



We cannot assure you that we would be able to accurately assess the creditworthiness of our customers. If we encounter significant delays or defaults in payment by our customers or are otherwise unable to recover our trade receivables, our cash flows from operations may be inadequate to meet our working capital requirements and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

# **_36. Volatility in the supply and pricing of paper used for the printing of certificates may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We require paper in connection with the printing and delivery of our certificates to our customers. The paper we use for the printing of certificates includes characteristics that ensure the certificate is long-lasting and resistant to forgery and tampering, and consists of security features such as ultra-violet and holographic logos of IGI. We do not enter into any long-term supply agreements for the supply of such paper, and we purchase such paper from various suppliers on an asneed basis. 

The following table sets forth details of the expenses of the Pre-Acquisition Group from the purchase of paper, expressed as a percentage of the revenue of the Pre-Acquisition Group for the periods indicated: 

||**Nine-months perio**<br>**September 3**<br>**2024**|**d ended**<br>**0,**<br>**2023**|**Calendar Ye**<br>**2023**|**ar ended Dec**<br>**2022**|**ember 31,**<br>**2021**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Paper _(₹ in millions_)|251.85|154.10|241.49|176.17|113|
|% of Total Revenue|4.22%|3.40%|3.44%|3.07%|2.52|



As we do not enter into long-term contracts with our suppliers of such paper, we cannot assure you that our suppliers will continue to supply the tear-resistant paper we require, at prices which are favorable to us. Moreover, in the event that either our demand increases or our suppliers experience a scarcity of resources, our suppliers may be unable to meet our demand. If there are any disruptions in our relationship or supply arrangements with our suppliers, or if we fail to (i) receive the quality of paper that we require; (ii) negotiate appropriate financial terms; (iii) obtain adequate supply of paper in a timely manner, or if our principal suppliers discontinue the supply of such paper, or were to experience business disruptions or become insolvent, we cannot assure that you will be able to find alternate sources at a competitive pricing in a timely manner or at all, which may have an adverse effect on our ability to deliver our certificates to our customers in a timely or cost effective manner. 

# **_37. The examination reports on our Restated Financial Information disclose emphasis of matter paragraphs, and we cannot assure that our financial information for future periods will not contain emphasis of matters._** 

The examination report on our Restated Financial Information discloses an emphasis of matter paragraph included in the audit report for the Calendar Year ended December 31, 2023 in relation to prior period errors identified by the management of the Company, who have accordingly restated the comparative Statement of Profit or Loss for the year ended December 31, 2023 and the comparative Balance Sheet as at that date, and also the opening Balance Sheet as at January 01, 2022, in accordance with Ind AS 8 - Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors. 

Additionally, the examination reports on our Restated Financial Information discloses an emphasis of matter paragraph included in the audit reports for the nine-months periods ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 and the Calendar Years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 in relation to the purpose and basis of preparation of the Special Purpose Interim Consolidated Financial Statements for the nine-months periods ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 and the Special Purpose Financial Statements for the Calendar Years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, which have been prepared by the management of the Holding Company solely for the purpose of 

50 

preparation of the Restated Financial Information to be included in this Red Herring Prospectus of the Company to be filed in connection with its proposed initial public offering of equity shares as required by Section 26 of Part I of Chapter III of the Act and as required under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 as amended from time to time and to comply with the SEBI Communication and the Guidance Note on Reports in Company Prospectuses (Revised 2019) issued by the ICAI and accordingly may not be suitable for any another purpose. For further details, see “ _Restated Financial Information_ ” beginning on page 214. 

While such emphasis of matters did not have an adverse effect on our financial condition, we cannot assure that our financial information for future periods will not contain emphasis of matters, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

# **_38. Our contingent liabilities could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

The table below sets forth the capital commitments and contingent liabilities of the Pre-Acquisition Group as reflected in Restated Financial Information for the periods indicated: 

||**As at Septemb**<br>|**er 30,**<br>|**As**<br>|**at December**<br>|**31,**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2024**|**2023**|**2023**|**2022**|**2021**|
||||(₹ in millions)|||
|Claims againstgroupnot acknowledged as debt||||||
|– Income tax|1.48|1.48|1.48|2.03|46.27|
|– ESIC|0.16|0.16|-|5.38|5.38|
|– Professional tax department|-|-|0.16|0.16|-|
|– Estimated amounts of contracts remaining to be<br>executed on the capital account and not provided for in<br>respect of capital assets(net of advancespaid)<sup>(1)</sup>|352.07|303.49|299.76|662.53|701.53|



_Note:_ 

_(1) Such amounts are in connection with the development of our 214,159 square feet facility in Surat, India which is expected to be completed in 2025. See “Management’s Development and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Capital Commitments and Contingent Liabilities” on page 525._ 

If our contingent liabilities were to increase and materialize in the future, it could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For further details on contingent liabilities, see our “ _Restated Financial Information – Notes to the Restated Financial Information – Note 39: Capital commitments and contingent liabilities_ ” on page 263. 

# **_39. Global health epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, have had, and could in the future have, an adverse effect on our business and results of operations, and the markets in which we and our customers are present in._** 

Our business and results of operations could be adversely affected by global health epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, that affect the markets and communities in which we and our customers, suppliers, vendors, manufacturers, and advertisers operate. Our operations have in the past been adversely affected by COVID-19, due to supply chain disruptions and delays which affected our customers’ businesses, as well as labor challenges associated with quarantines, travel restrictions and temporary closure of certain of our branches and laboratories around the world, including India. Such health epidemics may also have an adverse impact on macroeconomic conditions, including consumer shopping and spending patterns, which may lead to a decrease in demand for diamonds, studded jewelry and colored stones and offered by our customers, and in turn lead to a decrease in demand for our certification business. 

# **_40. We have presented certain non-GAAP measures of our performance and liquidity which is not prepared under or required under Ind AS._** 

This Red Herring Prospectus includes EBITDA, EBITDA margin, return on capital employed and net working capital (collectively “ **Non-GAAP Measures** ”) and certain other industry measures related to our operations and financial performance, which are supplemental measures of our performance and liquidity and are not required by, or presented in accordance with, Ind AS, IFRS or U.S. GAAP. For further details in relation to reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures, see “ _Other Financial Information_ ” on page 502. 

Further, these Non-GAAP Measures and industry measures are not a measurement of our financial performance or liquidity under Ind AS, IFRS or U.S. GAAP and should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to cash flows, profit/ (loss) for the years/ period or any other measure of financial performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity, profitability or cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities derived in accordance with Ind AS, IFRS or U.S. GAAP. In addition, such Non-GAAP Measures and industry measures are not standardized terms, and may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across the diamonds, studded jewelry and colored stones certification industry, and therefore may not be comparable with financial or industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other companies, and hence a direct comparison of these 

51 

Non-GAAP Measures and industry measures between companies may not be possible. Other companies may calculate these Non-GAAP Measures and industry measures differently from us, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. Although such Non-GAAP Measures and industry measures are not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with applicable accounting standards, our Company’s management believes that they are useful to an investor in evaluating us as they are widely used measures to evaluate a company’s operating performance. These Non-GAAP Measures and other statistical and other information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to financial measures and statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other companies and are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by Ind AS and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. 

# **_41. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as US GAAP and IFRS, which may be material to investors' assessments of our financial condition._** 

The financial statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus have been prepared in accordance with Ind AS. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP or IFRS. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the Ind AS financial statements, which are restated as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations included in this Red Herring Prospectus, will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader's level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

# **_42. This Red Herring Prospectus contains information from an industry report which we have commissioned and paid for from Redseer._** 

This Red Herring Prospectus in the sections titled “ _Risk Factors_ ”, “ _Industry Overview_ ”, “ _Our Business_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on pages 32, 113, 159 and 508, respectively, includes information that is derived from an industry report titled “ _Loose stones and studded jewelry Certification Market_ ” dated December 3, 2024, prepared by Redseer, a research house, pursuant to an engagement with us specifically for the purposes of the Offer. We commissioned and paid for this industry report for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the diamonds, studded jewelry and colored stones certification market. Furthermore, as there are no listed comparable peers globally, there may be limited data available which can be used as a basis for comparison. The commissioned report also highlights certain industry and market data, which may be subject to assumptions. Methodologies and assumptions also vary widely among different industry sources. Further, such assumptions may change based on various factors. We cannot assure you that Redseer’s assumptions are correct or will not change and, accordingly, our position in the market may differ from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, the commissioned report is not a recommendation to invest or disinvest in the Equity Shares. Prospective investors are advised not to unduly rely on the commissioned report or extracts thereof as included in this Red Herring Prospectus, when making their investment decisions. 

# **_Risks Relating to the Business of the Post-Acquisition Group_** 

_In addition to the risks relating to the Pre-Acquisition Group as outlined in the section “- Risks Relating to the Pre-Acquisition Group” on page 34 which will continue to apply following the completion of the Proposed Acquisitions, set forth below are additional risks which are applicable to the Post-Acquisition Group. As used herein, references to the “Post-Acquisition Group” or “IGI” (including in the context of any pro forma financial information) refer to the IGI business globally, comprising our Company, our Subsidiary, the IGI Belgium Group and the IGI Netherlands Group, assuming the completion of the Proposed Acquisitions. References to “we”, “our” or “us”, as the context so requires, will be to our Post-Acquisition Group._ 

**_43. Following the completion of the Proposed Acquisitions, our international operations subject us to risks, including unfavorable political, regulatory, labor, tax and economic conditions in other countries that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Following the completion of the Proposed Acquisitions, our international operations may subject us to additional risks that differ in each country in which we operate. As of September 30, 2024, we have 31 branches which are equipped with our IGI laboratories under the Post-Acquisition Group located across 10 countries. Additionally, we have 18 schools of gemology across 6 countries. For details of our international operations, see “ _Our Business – Overview of Post Acquisition Group_ ” on page 162, “ _Our Business – Services – Education_ ” on page 176 and “ _Our Business – Our Laboratories and Grading Process_ ” on page 176. The following table sets forth the revenue from operations of the PreAcquisition Group as derived from the Restated Financial Information, revenue from operations of the IGI Belgium Group as derived from the Special Purpose Consolidated Financial Statements for IGI Belgium Group and the revenue from operations of the IGI Netherlands Group as derived from the Special Purpose Consolidated Financial Statements for IGI Netherlands Group, for the periods indicated: 

52 

_in ₹ millions_ 

|**Revenue from Operations**|**Nine-months period end**<br>**30,**<br>|**ed September**<br>|**Calendar**<br>|**Year ended D**<br>**31,**<br>|**ecember**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2024**|**2023**|**2023**|**2022**|**2021**|
|Pre-Acquisition Group|5,963.57|4,537.88|6,385.28|4,909.94|3,646.91|
|IGI Belgium Group|975.39|N.A.<sup>(1)</sup>|1,515.84|1,549.26|1,598.89|
|IGI Netherlands Group|1,014.26|N.A.<sup>(1)</sup>|1,158.92|1,082.11|864.49|



_Note:_ 

_(1) The special purpose consolidated financial statements of the IGI Belgium Group and the IGI Netherlands Group for the nine-months period ended September 30, 2023 are not available._ 

Accordingly, our business is and will be subject to increasing risks related to the different legal, political, social and regulatory requirements and economic conditions of many jurisdictions. Risks inherent to our international operations include the following: 

- agreements and intellectual property rights may be difficult to enforce through a foreign country’s legal system. _See “–We may be unable to sufficiently obtain, maintain, protect, or enforce our intellectual property and other proprietary rights and may experience counterfeit certificates, which could devalue the trust associated with genuine certifications.” on page 44_ ; 

- foreign customers may have increased credit risk and different financial conditions, which may necessitate longer payment cycles or result in increased bad debt write-offs or additions to reserves related to our foreign receivables; 

- • foreign countries may impose additional withholding taxes or otherwise tax our foreign income, impose tariffs, duties, export controls, import restrictions or adopt other restrictions on foreign trade or investment, including currency exchange controls, which could significantly reduce the financial performance of our foreign operations or the magnitude of their contributions to our overall financial performance; 

- fluctuations in exchange rates may affect demand for our services and may adversely affect the profitability in Rupees of our services in markets where payment is made in currencies other than the Rupee; 

- general economic conditions in the countries in which we operate, including fluctuations in gross domestic product, interest rates, market demand, labor costs and other factors beyond our control, could have an adverse impact on our revenue in those countries; and 

- we may experience difficulties in staffing and managing multi-national operations, including the possibility of labor disputes abroad. 

Additionally, operating in different countries will require us to comply with a variety of foreign laws and regulations, including obtaining the required licenses and permits, which may differ from the laws and regulations which we are familiar with. There may also be unexpected changes in these regulations which could increase our costs of compliance, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain, maintain or renew the required licenses and permits to operate in such countries, or that we will be in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations. 

We cannot assure you that we will succeed in developing and implementing policies and strategies which will be effective in each location where we do business. Further, if the international markets in which we compete are affected by changes in political, social, legal, economic or other factors - such as deterioration in U.S.-China relations, instability in the North Korean peninsula or South China Sea, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine or the conflict in Israel, Gaza and surrounding areas - our business and operating results may be materially and adversely affected. 

# **_44. Exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect the results of operations, liquidity and financial condition of the PostAcquisition Group and cause our future financial results to fluctuate._** 

The Restated Financial Information is prepared in Indian Rupees, and business transactions undertaken by the PreAcquisition Group is primarily denominated in Indian Rupees. However, given the services of the Post-Acquisition Group are offered to customers located outside of India, a portion of business transactions of the Post-Acquisition Group will be denominated in foreign currencies, mainly in Euros and U.S. Dollars. Accordingly, the Post-Acquisition Group will have currency exposures relating to foreign exchange other than in Indian Rupees, particularly the currencies of the countries in which they operate in, such as the Euro and U.S. Dollar. Therefore, changes in the relevant exchange rates could also affect the revenues, expenses and operating results of the Post-Acquisition Group. The Post-Acquisition Group will be affected primarily by fluctuations in exchange rates between the Indian Rupee and the currencies of the countries in which they operate in, and the business, results of operations and financial condition of the Post-Acquisition Group may be adversely affected by fluctuations in the value of the Indian Rupee against such foreign currencies. In addition, the policies of the RBI may also change from time to time, which may limit our ability to effectively hedge our foreign currency exposures and may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We monitor our exposure to foreign currencies but we do not manage our foreign currency exposure in a manner which eliminates the effects of changes in foreign exchange rates and as such, we may incur potential foreign exchange related losses in the future, which may be more prevalent for the Post-Acquisition Group, which could adversely affect the results of operation, liquidity and financial condition of the Post-Acquisition Group. For further information on our exchange rate risk management, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Quantitative and Qualitative Analysis of Market Risks – Foreign Currency Risk_ ” on page 526. 

53 

**_45. Following the completion of the Proposed Acquisitions, our international operations could subject us to additional risks associated with information technology systems, including any inability to transition or upgrade to new technological platforms and increased risks of cybersecurity incidents which could disrupt our business of the PostAcquisition Group._** 

The business of the Post-Acquisition Group depends on our ability to maintain and upgrade our information technology systems used across the different entities globally. We are in the process of transitioning to SAP, which is an enterprise resource planning (ERP) software that integrates various business functions, such as finance, human resources, and supply chain management, across the different geographies which we operate, into a unified system, and accordingly may also face risks relating to our migration to a new IT infrastructure. Any delays in the development of these initiatives could also adversely impact the overall productivity of our business and any failure to successfully develop these initiatives could lead to business interruptions. There is no assurance that our transition or upgrade to any new technological platforms will be smooth or in the manner that we anticipate or that any or all technologies we adopt will achieve the efficiencies we expect, or that we will not face any disruptions or problems resulting from any or all technologies we use. 

Furthermore, cybersecurity risks have significantly increased in recent years because of, in addition to other factors, the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, and other external parties. The techniques used by individuals or entities to access, disrupt or sabotage devices, systems and networks change frequently and may not be recognized until launched against a target. We may be unable to anticipate these techniques, and we may not become aware in a timely manner of a security breach, which could exacerbate the negative impact of such an event on our business or that of our customers. In particular, we experienced a DDoS attack on our IGI website on March 18, 2024, which is a <mark>technique used by hackers intended to take an internet service offline by overloading its servers</mark> . To mitigate this DDoS attack and protect our website, we shifted our website to an external third-party web infrastructure and website security company which provides DDoS mitigation services, and implemented a web application firewall on March 22, 2024. Further, in April 2022, IGI USA experienced a ransomware attack which affected a portion of IGI USA’s operational files. In response, IGI USA engaged the services of a security firm to assist in remediation efforts to restore access to the relevant data. While these incidents did not result in a material adverse impact on our business operations and we did not experience any data or information losses, there is no assurance that such cyber security incidents will not occur in the future. <mark>In particular, in the event of another</mark> ransomware attac <mark>k, we could suffer significant financial and reputational harm, regardless of whether we choose to pay the ransom amount.</mark> Save for IGI USA which maintains an insurance policy which covers cyber risks up to a threshold, the insurance policies maintained by the other IGI entities within the Post-Acquisition Group generally do not cover losses arising cyber attacks, and we may be subject to losses that may result from a security incident or breach, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

# **_External Risk Factors_** 

# **_46. We may be affected by competition law in India and any adverse application or interpretation of the Competition Act could adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, of India, as amended (“ **Competition Act** ”), regulates practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India (“ **AAEC** ”). On March 4, 2011, the Government of India notified and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to and preapproved by the Competition Commission of India (the “ **CCI** ”). Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued Competition Commission of India (Procedure for Transaction of Business Relating to Combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. 

The Competition Act aims to, among others, prohibit all agreements and transactions which may have an AAEC in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extraterritorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an AAEC in India. However, the impact of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements entered into by us cannot be predicted with certainty at this stage. 

The Government of India has also notified the Competition (Amendment) Act, 2023, which has introduced several amendments to the Competition Act. The Competition (Amendment) Act, 2023 inter alia modifies the scope of certain factors used to determine AAEC, reduces the overall time limit for the assessment of combinations by the CCI from 210 days to 150 days and empowers the CCI to impose penalties based on the global turnover of entities, for anti-competitive agreements and abuse of dominant position etc. If we pursue acquisitions in the future, we may be affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI, or any prohibition or substantial penalties levied under the Competition Act, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

54 

# **_47. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of corporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects._** 

The legal, regulatory and tax environment in which we operate is subject to change in the form of gradual evolution, changing interpretation and significant reforms from time to time, which may have an adverse effect on the products or services we offer, the value of our assets or our business in general. For example: 

- the Government of India has implemented a comprehensive national GST regime that combines taxes and levies by the Central and State Governments into a unified rate structure. In this regard, the Constitution (One hundred and first Amendment) Act, 2016 enables the Government of India and state governments to introduce GST. We cannot assure you as to this or any other aspect of the tax regime following implementation of the GST. The implementation of this rationalized tax structure may be affected by any disagreement between certain state governments, which may create uncertainty. Any future increases or amendments may affect the overall tax efficiency of companies operating in India and may result in significant additional taxes becoming payable. If, as a result of a particular tax risk materializing, the tax costs associated with certain transactions are greater than anticipated, it could affect the profitability of such transactions. 

- Additionally, the Digital Personal Data Protection Act, 2023 (“ **DPDP Act** ”) was passed in August 2023 and once notified, will replace the existing data protection provisions, as contained in Section 43A of the Information Technology Act, 2000. The DPDP Act seeks to balance the rights of individuals to protect their personal data with the need to process personal data for lawful and other incidental purposes. The DPDP Act focuses on personal data protection for implementing organizational and technical measures in processing digital personal data and lays down norms for cross-border transfer of personal data including ensuring the accountability of entities processing personal data. The DPDP Act requires companies that collect and deal with high volumes of personal data to fulfil certain additional obligations such as appointment of a data protection officer for grievance redressal and a data auditor to evaluate compliance with the DPDP Act. The DPDP Act provides that personal data may be processed only in accordance with the DPDP Act, and for a lawful purpose after obtaining the consent of the individual or for certain legitimate uses. The DPDP Act outlines prescriptive compliance controls across enterprises managing the personal information of Indian citizens. Further, the DPDP Act imposes stringent monetary penalties ranging from ₹50 to ₹250 crore per incident. We cannot assure you that no actions will be taken against us by the regulatory authorities in the future for any alleged contravention of the DPDP Act which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. 

- Further, the Government introduced new laws relating to social security, occupational safety, industrial relations and wages namely, the Code on Social Security, 2020 (“ **Social Security Code** ”), the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020, the Industrial Relations Code, 2020 and the Code on Wages, 2019, which consolidate, subsume and replace numerous existing central labor legislations, were to take effect from April 1, 2021 (collectively, the “ **Labor Codes** ”). The Government has deferred the effective date of implementation of the respective Labor Codes, and they shall come into force from such dates as may be notified. While the rules for implementation under these codes have not been finalized, as an immediate consequence, the coming into force of these codes could increase the financial burden on our Company, which may adversely impact our profitability. 

- Further, amendments in Employees’ Provident Fund and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952, which provides for the institution of provident funds pension fund and deposit-linked insurance fund for employees in factories and other establishments and Employees’ State Insurance Act, 1948, which provides, _inter alia_ , for certain benefits to employees in case of sickness, maternity and employment injury could increase the financial burden on our Company, which may adversely impact our profitability. 

- Further, the new criminal laws, namely, Bharatiya Sakshya Adhiniyam, 2023, Bharatiya Nyaya Sanhita, 2023, and Bharatiya Nagarik Suraksha Sanhita, 2023, which came into force on July 1, 2024, have replaced the Evidence Act, 1872, Indian Penal Code, 1860, and Criminal Procedure Code, 1973, respectively.  We cannot predict whether any changes in interpretation would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

- Further, the Government of India has recently announced the Union Budget for Financial Year 2025 (“ **Budget** ”). Pursuant to the Budget, the Finance Bill, 2024, _inter alia_ , proposes to amend the capital gains tax rates and amounts mentioned above, with effect from the date of announcement of the Budget. However, since the Finance Bill, 2024 have not yet been enacted into law, the Bidders are advised to consult their own tax advisors to understand their tax liability as per the laws prevailing on the date of disposal of Equity Shares. 

Uncertainties or changes in the laws and regulations may be time consuming and costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. For instance, in a decision, the Supreme Court of India has clarified the components of basic wages which need to be considered by companies while making provident fund payments, which resulted in an increase in the provident fund payments to be made by companies. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, while we have paid all required provident fund payments in respect of our eligible employees, there is no assurance that we will be in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations in the future. Any regulatory, legal or tax change in the future may require us to commit management 

55 

resources or may require changes to our business practices, or affect distribution channels, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

# **_48. Our business is substantially affected by prevailing economic, political and other prevailing conditions in India and regional and global economic and market conditions._** 

We are incorporated in, and majority of all of our operations are located in, India. As a result, we are highly dependent on prevailing economic conditions in India and our results of operations are significantly affected by factors influencing the Indian economy. 

The Government of India has exercised and continues to exercise significant influence over many aspects of the Indian economy. Specific laws and policies affecting e-commerce, data, foreign investments, current exchange rates and other matters affecting investments in India could change as well or be subject to unfavorable changes or interpretations or uncertainty. 

Other factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy, and hence our results of operations, may include: 

- the macroeconomic climate, including any increase in Indian interest rates or inflation; 

- any exchange rate fluctuations; 

- any scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing for our expansion; 

- prevailing income conditions among Indian consumers and Indian corporates; 

- epidemic, pandemic or any other public health in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighboring countries, such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID-19 pandemic; 

- volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; 

- changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies; 

- political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighboring countries; 

- occurrence of natural or man-made disasters; 

- prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; 

- any downgrading of India’s debt rating by a domestic or international rating agency; 

- financial instability in financial markets; and 

- other significant regulatory or economic developments affecting India. 

On February 24, 2022, Russian military forces invaded Ukraine. In addition, the recent Israel-Hamas war and escalating tensions in the Middle East could affect oil prices and have other, potentially recessionary, effects on the global economy. In addition, recently, the armed conflict involving Hamas and Israel, as well as further escalation of tensions between Israel and various countries in the Middle East and North Africa, may cause general economic conditions to deteriorate. It is unknown how long any of these disruptions will continue and whether such disruptions will become more severe. The extent and duration of the military action and resulting market disruptions could be significant and could potentially have a substantial impact on the global economy and our business for an unknown period of time. 

Any of the abovementioned factors could affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **_49. A downgrade in ratings of India may adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our borrowing costs and access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. India’s sovereign rating decreased from Baa2 with a negative outlook to Baa3 with a stable outlook by Moody’s in October 2021 which was reaffirmed in August 2023 and from BBB with a stable outlook to BBB- with a stable outlook by Fitch in June 2022 which was reaffirmed in January 2024. Any further adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside of our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_50. Our ability to raise foreign capital may be constrained by Indian law._** 

As an Indian company, we are subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies. Such regulatory restrictions limit our financing sources and could constrain our ability to obtain financings on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, we cannot assure you that any required regulatory approvals for borrowing in foreign currencies will be granted to us without onerous conditions, or at all. Limitations on foreign debt may have an adverse effect on our business growth, financial condition and results of operations. 

56 

**_Risks Relating to the Equity Shares and the Offer_** 

# **_51. While we have issued dividends and provided returns to our Promoters in the past, there is no guarantee that any dividends will be declared or paid in the future._** 

Our Company has undertaken a bonus issue of Equity Shares on June 6, 2024 by capitalising our free reserves aggregating to ₹789.62 million. Our free reserves reduced from ₹ 5,081.93 million prior to the bonus issue to ₹4,292.31 million following the bonus issue. For details of the bonus issue, see “ _Capital Structure – Share Capital History of our Company_ ” on page 79. We have further paid a total dividend of ₹ 1,897.67 million, ₹ 1,397.23 million, ₹ 1,460.79 million and ₹ 1,480.53 million during the nine months period ended September 30, 2024, CY 2023, CY 2022 and CY 2021. While we have capitalised our reserves in the past and paid dividends to our Shareholders in the past, there is no guarantee that any dividends will be declared or paid in the future. 

# **_52. Our ability to pay dividends or provide returns to investors in the future will depend upon our future results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, working capital, capital expenditure requirements and solvency ratio, and is subject to restrictions under Indian laws and regulations._** 

Any dividends to be declared and paid in the future are required to be recommended by our Board and approved by our Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act, and our dividend distribution policy. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon our future results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, sufficient profitability, working capital requirements, capital expenditure requirements and solvency ratio. Our Company has a formal dividend policy as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. We cannot assure you that we will generate sufficient revenues to cover our operating expenses and, as such, pay dividends to our Shareholders in the future. See “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 213. 

Under the Indian laws, dividends may be paid out of profits earned during the year or out of accumulated profits earned by a company in previous years and transferred by it to its reserves (subject to certain conditions). Any accumulated profits that are not distributed in a given year are retained and may be available for distribution in subsequent years. We may retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of our business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. Accordingly, realization of a gain on the shareholders’ investments will depend on the appreciation of the price of the Equity Shares. There is no guarantee that the Equity Shares will appreciate in value. 

# **_53. The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and the Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares upon listing on the Stock Exchanges. Further, the current market price of some securities listed pursuant to initial public offerings which were managed by the Book Running Lead Managers in the past, is below their respective issue prices._** 

The determination of the Price Band, if any, is based on various factors and assumptions, and will be determined by our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers. Furthermore, the Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers through the Book Building Process. These will be based on numerous factors, including those described in “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 96, and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares upon listing on the Stock Exchanges. 

The price of the Equity Shares upon listing on the Stock Exchanges will be determined by the market and may be influenced by many factors outside of our control. For further details, see “ _– The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._ ” on page 58. Further, the current market price of securities listed pursuant to certain previous initial public offerings managed by the Book Running Lead Managers is below their respective issue prices. For further details, see “ _Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Price information of past issues handled by the BRLMs_ ” on page 550. 

# **_54. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares, price to earnings (“P/E”) ratio and market capitalization to revenue from operations ratio may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares on listing or thereafter._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company in consultation with the BRLMs, and through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 96 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that the investor will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price resulting in a loss of all or part of the investment. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked securities by us may dilute your shareholding and any sale of Equity Shares by our Promoter may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

The relevant financial parameters based on which the Price Band would be determined shall be disclosed in the advertisement to be issued for publication of the Price Band. 

57 

The following table provides certain other financial parameters of the Pre-Acquisition Group, on a consolidated basis, as of and for the periods/years indicated: 

|||||_(₹ _|_in millions) _|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**As of and for the nine-**<br>**ended Septem**|**months period**<br>**ber 30,**|**As of and for th**<br>**De**|**e Calendar Y**<br>**cember 31,**|**ear ended**|
||**2024**|**2023**|**2023**|**2022**|**2021**|
|Revenue from operations|5,963.57|4,537.88|6,385.28|4,909.94|3,646.91|
|Restatedprofit for theperiod/year|3,260.60|2,386.94|3,247.38|2,417.58|1,715.30|



The price to earnings ratio of the Pre-Acquisition Group for CY2023 is [●]* times at the upper end of the Price Band and [●]* times at the lower end of the Price Band and our market capitalization to revenue from operations for CY2023 multiple is [●]* times at the upper end of the Price Band and [●]* times at the lower end of the Price Band, and. The table below provides details of the Pre-Acquisition Group’s price to earnings ratio and market capitalization to revenue from operations at Offer Price for the period indicated: 

|**Particulars**|**Price to Earnings Ratio (Number of times)**|**Market Capitalization to Revenue from**<br>**Operations(Number of times)**|
|---|---|---|
||[●]*times at lower end|[●]*times at the lower end|
|For CY2023|[●]*times at upper end|[●]*times at upper end|
||[●]*times at Offer Price|[●]*times at Offer Price|



_*To be populated at Prospectus stage_ 

Further, there can be no assurance that our key performance indicators (“ **KPIs** ”) will improve in the future. An inability to improve, maintain or compete may adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that our methodologies are correct or will not change and accordingly, our position in the market may differ from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_55. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation do not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. 

The market price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate as a result of, among other things, the following factors, some of which are beyond our control: 

- quarterly variations in our results of operations; 

- results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

- results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 

- changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by research analysts and investors; 

- the failure of security analysts to cover the Equity Shares after this Offer or a change in research analysts’ recommendations; 

- the activities of our competitors; 

- actual or purported “short squeeze” trading activity; 

- future sales of the Equity Shares by our Company or our Shareholders; 

- announcements by third parties or government entities of significant claims or proceedings against us; 

- new laws and government regulations applicable to us in India; 

- additions or departures of key management personnel; 

- changes in the interest rates; 

- fluctuations in stock market prices and volume; and 

- • general economic and stock market conditions. 

Any of these factors may result in large and sudden changes in the volume and trading price of the Equity Shares. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, shareholders have often instituted securities class action litigation against that company. If we were involved in a class action suit, it could divert the attention of management, and, if adversely determined, have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past, and the Equity Share price could fluctuate significantly as a result of market volatility. A decrease in the market price of the Equity Shares could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. We cannot assure you that an active market 

58 

will develop, or sustained trading will take place in the Equity Shares or provide any assurance regarding the price at which the Equity Shares will be traded after listing. 

In addition, the stock market often experiences price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of a particular company. These broad market fluctuations and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of the Equity Shares, regardless of our Company’s performance. There can be no assurance that investors will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

# **_56. Investors may have difficulty enforcing foreign judgments against us or our management._** 

We are a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of India. A majority of our Directors and executive officers are residents of India and a substantial portion of our assets and such persons’ assets are located in India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to affect service of process upon us or such persons outside India, or to enforce judgments obtained against such parties outside India, including judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of jurisdictions outside India. 

Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. However, the party in whose favor such final judgment is rendered may bring a fresh suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in a non-reciprocating territory within three years of obtaining such final judgment. It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis or to the same extent as was awarded in a final judgment rendered by a court in another jurisdiction if the Indian court believed that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy in India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce a foreign judgment against Indian companies, entities, their directors and executive officers and any other parties resident in India. Additionally, there is no assurance that a suit brought in an Indian court in relation to a foreign judgment will be disposed of in a timely manner. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered pursuant to the execution of the judgment. 

# **_57. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution. 

However, if the laws of the jurisdiction the investors are located in, do not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in us would be reduced. 

# **_58. Any future issuance of Equity Shares may dilute your shareholding and sales of the Equity Shares by our Promoter may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth, whether organic or inorganic, through future equity offering. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in us. Any future issuances of Equity Shares including issuance of Equity Shares to employees or former employees upon exercise of vested options held by them under the ESOP 2024 or the disposal of Equity Shares by our Promoter or the perception that such issuance or sales may occur, including to comply with the minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of the Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that our Shareholders will not dispose of the Equity Shares held by them. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of your investment in the Equity Shares. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_59. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares, held as investments are generally taxable in India. Any gain realized on the sale of the Equity Shares on a stock exchange held for more than 12 months is subject to long term capital gains tax in India. A securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is levied both at the time of transfer and acquisition of the equity shares (unless exempted under a prescribed notification), and the STT is collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any capital gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares on a recognized stock exchange held 

59 

for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to long term capital gains in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as whether the sale is undertaken on or off the recognized stock exchanges, the quantum of gains, and any available treaty relief. Such long-term capital gains exceeding ₹ 100,000 arising from the sale of listed equity shares on a stock exchange are subject to tax at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) subject to, inter alia, payment of STT. Any gain realized on the sale of the Equity Shares held for more than 12 months by an Indian resident, which are sold other than on a recognized stock exchange and as a result of which no STT has been paid, will be subject to long-term capital gains tax in India at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess), without indexation benefits. Further, any gain realized on the sale of the Equity Shares held for a period of 12 months or less immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to short-term capital gains tax in India at the rate of 15% (plus applicable surcharge and cess), subject to STT being paid at the time of sale of such shares. Otherwise, such gains will be taxed at the applicable rates. The Government of India has recently announced the Union Budget for Financial Year 2025 (“ **Budget** ”). Pursuant to the Budget, the Finance Bill, 2024, _inter alia_ , proposes to amend the capital gains tax rates and amounts mentioned above, with effect from the date of announcement of the Budget. However, since the Finance Bill, 2024 have not yet been enacted into law, the Bidders are advised to consult their own tax advisors to understand their tax liability as per the laws prevailing on the date of disposal of Equity Shares. 

Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will not be chargeable to tax in India in cases where relief from such taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident and the seller is entitled to avail benefits thereunder, subject to certain conditions. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. 

As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on gains upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

The Finance Act, 2019 amended the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 with effect from July 1, 2020 and clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. 

Additionally, any dividend distributed by a domestic company is subject to tax in the hands of the investor at the applicable rate. Further, our Company is required to withhold tax on such dividends distributed at the applicable rate. Non-resident shareholders may claim benefit of the applicable tax treaty, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source from such dividend. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. 

# **_60. Foreign investors are subject to foreign investment restrictions under Indian laws that may limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may have a material adverse impact on the market price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the valuation and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and fall under any of the exceptions specified by the RBI, then the RBI’s prior approval is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. Further, this conversion is subject to the shares having been held on repatriation basis and, either the security having been sold in compliance with the pricing guidelines or relevant regulatory approval having been obtained for sale of shares and corresponding remittance of sale proceed. We cannot assure you that the required approval from the RBI can be obtained with or without any particular terms and conditions. In accordance with Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020 issued by the DPIIT and the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Amendment Rules, 2020 which came into effect from April 22, 2020, any investment, subscription, purchase or sale of equity instruments by entities of a country which shares a land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country, will require prior approval of the Government of India, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy and the FEMA Rules. These investment restrictions shall also apply to subscribers of offshore derivative instruments. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For further information, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities”_ on page 589. 

# **_61. Rights of shareholders of companies under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

The Company’s Articles of Association, composition of our Board, Indian laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive and widespread as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may 

60 

face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

# **_62. The Company’s status as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes._** 

If the Company is classified as a “passive foreign investment company” or “PFIC” for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. Holder of Equity Shares may be subject to adverse tax consequences, including a greater tax liability than might otherwise apply, an interest charge on certain taxes deemed deferred, and additional U.S. tax reporting obligations. 

In general, a non-U.S. corporation will be a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes for a taxable year if (i) 75% or more of its gross income constitutes passive income or (ii) 50% or more of its assets produce, or are held for the production of, passive income. For this purpose, passive income generally includes, for example, dividends, interest, certain rents and royalties, certain gains from the sale of stock and securities, and certain gains from commodities transactions. For purposes of the PFIC income test and asset test described above, if the Company owns, directly or indirectly, 25% or more of the total value of the outstanding shares of another corporation, the Company will be treated as if it (a) held a proportionate share of the assets of such other corporation and (b) received directly a proportionate share of the income of such other corporation. Further, the aggregate fair market value of the assets of a publicly traded non-U.S. corporation is generally treated as being equal to the sum of the aggregate value of the outstanding stock and the total amount of the liabilities of such corporation (the “ **Market Capitalization** ”) and the excess of the fair market value of such corporation’s assets as so determined over the book value of such assets is generally treated as goodwill that is a non-passive asset to the extent attributable to such corporation’s non-passive income. In addition, for the PFIC asset test, cash and cash equivalents are considered passive assets. 

Based on the Company’s gross income, gross assets, and the nature of the Company’s business, and taking into account certain estimates of the aforementioned items, together with the expected use of the proceeds from the offering and the Company’s anticipated Market Capitalization for the taxable year ending December 31, 2024, the Company does not expect to be classified as a PFIC for the taxable year ending December 31, 2024. Whether we are treated as a PFIC is a factual determination that is made on an annual basis after the close of each taxable year. This determination will depend on, among other things, the ownership and the composition of our income and assets, as well as the value of our assets (which may fluctuate with our market capitalization), from time to time. Moreover, the application of the PFIC rules is unclear in certain respects. The IRS or a court may disagree with our determinations, including the manner in which we determine the value of our assets and the percentage of our assets that are passive assets under the PFIC rules. Our U.S. counsel expresses no opinion with respect to our PFIC status for our past, current or future taxable years and there can be no assurance that the Company will not be classified as a PFIC for any future taxable year. If the Company were treated as a PFIC for any taxable year in which a U.S. Holder beneficially owns Equity Shares, certain material adverse tax consequences may result for such taxable year and all subsequent taxable years. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules to their investment in Equity Shares. 

# **_63. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the Rupee and other currencies could have an adverse effect on the value of the Equity Shares in those currencies, independent of our operating results._** 

Subject to requisite approvals, on listing, the Equity Shares will be quoted in Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends, if declared, in respect of the Equity Shares will be paid in Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to such investors. In addition, any adverse movement in exchange rates during a delay in repatriating the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares outside India, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the net proceeds received by shareholders. 

The exchange rate of the Rupee has changed substantially in the last two decades and could fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Equity Shares and returns from the Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

# **_64. Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Offer._** 

Subject to requisite approvals, the Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately two Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within three Working Days of the Bid/Offer Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ 

61 

ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified under applicable law. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if Allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. For further details, see _“Offer Procedure”_ on page 569. 

# **_65. Pursuant to listing of the Equity Shares, we may be subject to pre-emptive surveillance measures like Additional Surveillance Measure (“ASM”) and Graded Surveillance Measures (“GSM”) by the Stock Exchanges in order to enhance market integrity and safeguard the interest of investors._** 

SEBI and the Stock Exchanges have introduced various pre-emptive surveillance measures in order to enhance market integrity and safeguard the interests of investors, including ASM and GSM. ASM and GSM are imposed on securities of companies based on various objective criteria such as significant variations in price and volume, concentration of certain client accounts as a percentage of combined trading volume, average delivery, securities which witness abnormal price rise not commensurate with financial health and fundamentals such as earnings, book value, fixed assets, net worth, price / earnings multiple and market capitalization. 

Upon listing, the trading of the Equity Shares would be subject to differing market conditions as well as other factors which may result in high volatility in price, low trading volumes, and a large concentration of client accounts as a percentage of combined trading volume of the Equity Shares. The occurrence of any of the abovementioned factors or other circumstances may trigger any of the parameters prescribed by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges for placing our securities under the GSM and/or ASM framework or any other surveillance measures, which could result in significant restrictions on trading of the Equity Shares being imposed by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges. These restrictions may include requiring higher margin requirements, requirement of settlement on a trade for trade basis without netting off, limiting trading frequency, reduction of applicable price band, requirement of settlement on gross basis or freezing of price on upper side of trading, as well as mentioning of the Equity Shares on the surveillance dashboards of the Stock Exchanges. The imposition of these restrictions and curbs on trading may have an adverse effect on market price, trading and liquidity of the Equity Shares and on the reputation and conditions of our Company. 

# **_66. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. RIBs and Eligible Employees can revise or withdraw their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period. _For further details, see “Offer Procedure - General Instructions”_ on page 580. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within such period as may be prescribed under applicable law, events affecting the Bidders' decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment pursuant to the Offer. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders' ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

62 

