# **SECTION II - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in our Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risks described in this section are those that we consider to be the most significant to our business, results of operations and financial condition as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_The risks set out in this section may not be exhaustive and additional risks and uncertainties, not currently known to us or that we currently do not deem material, may arise or may become material in the future and may also adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. If any or a combination of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are not currently deemed material, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. In order to obtain a complete understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “_ **_Our Business_** _”, “_ **_Industry Overview_** _”, “_ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_** _” and “_ **_Restated Consolidated Financial Information_** _” on pages 201, 171, 465 and 285, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and our business and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information included herein is based on our Restated Consolidated Financial Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, names of certain customers have not been included in this Red Herring Prospectus either because relevant consents for disclosure of their names were not available or in order to preserve confidentiality._ 

_Prospective investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are unable to quantify the financial or other impact of any of the risks described in this section. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examinations of us and the terms of the Offer, including the merits and the risks involved._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “_ **_Forward-Looking Statements_** _” on page 17 and “_ **_Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information and Market Data and Currency of Presentation – Industry and Market Data_** _” on page 15._ 

_Our financial information for Fiscal 2024 reflects the acquisition of Aquity Holdings with effect from October 28, 2023 and is not directly comparable with our financial information for Fiscals 2023 and 2022. Unless otherwise specified or the context requires, references in this section to “our Company” or “the Company” are to Inventurus Knowledge Solutions Limited on a standalone basis, and references to “we”, “us” or “our” are to Inventurus Knowledge Solutions Limited on a consolidated basis._ 

# **Internal Risks** 

**_1. There have been certain FEMA related deficiencies in compliances in the past by our Company and some of our existing and erstwhile shareholders, with respect to issuance of securities of our Company, delays in relation to reporting requirements and transfer of securities of our Company. We have filed compounding applications with the RBI in respect of such contraventions, which are currently pending. Consequently, we may be subject to regulatory actions and penalties/ compounding fees, as applicable._** 

There have been certain FEMA related deficiencies in compliances in the past by our Company and some of our existing and erstwhile shareholders, with respect to issuance of securities of our Company, delays in relation to reporting requirements and transfer of securities of our Company. A brief summary of the applications filed by our Company and certain Shareholders of our Company is set forth below: 

|S.|Details of<br>Compounding|Date of|Contravention|Measures taken|Latest update on|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|No.|compounding<br>application<br>authority|application|||application|
|Appli|cations filed by our Company|||||



31 

|S.<br>No.|Details of<br>compounding<br>application|Compounding<br>authority|Date of<br>application|Contravention|Measures taken|Latest update on<br>application|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|1.|<br>Application<br>filed in relation<br>to issuance and<br>allotment<br>of<br>partly<br>paid-up<br>equity shares to<br>certain<br>NRIs<br>and<br>non-<br>resident<br>shareholders,<br>for which our<br>Company<br>did<br>not<br>seek<br>any<br>specific<br>approval<br>from<br>the RBI or the<br>Government of<br>India,<br>as<br>required under<br>Regulation 4 of<br>FEMA 20.|Compounding<br>Authority,<br>Cell<br>for<br>Effective<br>implementation<br>of<br>FEMA,<br>Foreign<br>Exchange<br>Department,<br>Reserve Bank of<br>India,<br>Central<br>Office, Mumbai<sup>*</sup>|July 30,<br>2024|Regulation 4 read<br>with Regulation 2(ii)<br>and Regulation 5(1)<br>of FEMA 20|All such partly<br>paid-up<br>equity<br>shares<br>issued<br>have been fully<br>paid up as on the<br>date of this Red<br>Herring<br>Prospectus and<br>the<br>Company<br>has obtained the<br>post<br>facto<br>approval<br>for<br>issuance<br>of<br>partly<br>paid-up<br>equity<br>shares<br>dated July 5,<br>2024, from the<br>Department for<br>Promotion<br>of<br>Industry<br>and<br>Internal Trade,<br>Government of|Application is<br>under process<br>by RBI|
||||||India.||
|2.|Application<br>filed in relation<br>to issuance of<br>equity shares to<br>certain<br>NRIs,<br>for which the<br>share<br>subscription<br>money<br>was<br>received<br>from<br>resident<br>rupee<br>accounts<br>maintained<br>by<br>such NRIs with<br>Indian banks.|Compounding<br>Authority,<br>Cell<br>for<br>Effective<br>implementation<br>of<br>FEMA,<br>Foreign<br>Exchange<br>Department,<br>Reserve Bank of<br>India,<br>Central<br>Office, Mumbai|July 30,<br>2024|●<br>Paragraph 3 of<br>Schedule 4 read<br>with Regulation<br>5(3)(ii)<br>and<br>Regulation 4 of<br>FEMA 20 in<br>respect<br>of<br>allotments made<br>to Sachin Gupta,<br>Ashwini Gupta<br>and<br>Ajay<br>Madatiparambil<br>on October 30,<br>2006,<br>and<br>February<br>4,<br>2009; and<br>●<br>Regulation<br>3.1(IV)(1)(A) of<br>the<br>Mode<br>of<br>Reporting<br>Regulations<br>read<br>with<br>Schedule IV and<br>Rule 4 of the<br>NDI Rules in<br>respect of shares<br>allotted<br>to<br>Sachin Gupta on<br>July 5, 2022|All<br>such<br>resident<br>rupee<br>accounts<br>have<br>either<br>been<br>closed<br>or<br>re-<br>designated NRO<br>accounts.|Application is<br>under process<br>by RBI|



32 

