# **SECTION III: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider each of the following risk factors together with all other information set forth in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks that we currently face or are relevant to us, our Equity Shares, the industry in which we operate or to India or the other geographies in which we sell our products. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, cashflows and financial condition. In order to obtain a complete understanding about us, investors should read this section in conjunction with “Industry Overview”, “Our Business” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations” on pages 133, 179 and 296, respectively, as well as the financial statements, including the notes thereto, and other financial, statistical and other information included elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section. Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, in this section, references to “we”, “us”, “Company” or “our Company” means J.G. Chemicals Limited and our Subsidiary._ 

_If any or some combination of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known to us or believed to be adverse, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cashflows and financial condition could suffer, and the trading price of the Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. In making an investment decision with respect to this Offer, you must rely on your own examination of our Company, our business, and the terms of this Offer, including the merits and risks involved and you should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in the Equity Shares. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening or exacerbating the risks described in this section. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries. This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. Please see section titled “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 21._ 

_Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information used in this section is derived from our Restated Consolidated Financial Information. For further details, please see section titled “Financial Information” on page 241._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the report titled “Report on Zinc Oxide Industry” dated February, 2024 (the “_ **_CARE Report_** _”) exclusively prepared and issued by CARE Analytics and Advisory Private Limited and commissioned & paid for by our Company in connection with the Offer. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from CARE Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year. Please see section titled “Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information and Market Data and Currency of Presentation – Industry and Market Data” on page 17._ 

# **Internal Risk Factors** 

**_1. Our business is almost completely dependent on the sale of one principal product i.e. zinc oxide (in various grades) and any reduction in the demand of the same may have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance._** 

Currently, our business primarily, revolves around sale of over 80 grades of zinc oxide. Our revenue from operations contributed by the sale of all types/ grades of zinc oxide was ₹ 4,863.22 million, ₹ 7,842.31 million, ₹ 6,125.07 million and ₹ 4,339.90 million for the nine months period ended December 31, 2023 and Fiscals 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, which translates to 99.03%, 98.75%, 98.30% and 98.54%, of our total income, respectively. However, with an intention to expand our production capacity as well as diversify our product portfolio, the installed capacity at our existing manufacturing facility located in the state of Andhra Pradesh has recently been augmented by 13,440 MTPA for production of zinc oxide and 10,080 MTPA for producing zinc sulphate and other allied chemicals. We have also commenced the production and sale of zinc sulphate with effect from September 5, 2022, and November 15, 2022, respectively. 

33 

Factors affecting the manufacturing and sale of zinc oxide, or any of our customers in particular, could have a cascading adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Such factors include, but are not limited to, the following: 

- slowdown in our end-use industries, especially the tyre industry; 

- change in any registration requirements or non-renewal of registrations or imposition of a regulatory ban, or trade sanctions imposed across the country or any such restrictions on the business or product or customer’s final product; 

- loss of market share, which may lead our customers to reduce or discontinue the purchase of our products due to any reason, including changes in technology; 

- economic conditions of the markets in which our customers operate; 

- regulatory issues faced by the rubber, pharmaceuticals, agrochemicals, cosmetics and other end-use industries in India and internationally; and 

- downturns or industry cycles that impact demand. 

For any of the above reasons or for any other reason whatsoever, in the event sales of our primary product, zinc oxide, were to substantially decrease, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

# **_2. We are significantly dependent on the business operations of our material subsidiary i.e. BDJ Oxides Private Limited and any deterioration in the performance of our material subsidiary may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We are significantly dependent on the business operations of our material subsidiary i.e. BDJ Oxides Private Limited as it generates a significant portion of our revenue from operations, profits and cash flows. Set out below is the contribution of our material subsidiary to our Restated Consolidated Financial Information: 

|**Sr.**<br>**No.**|**Particulars**|**Nine months**<br>**period ended**<br>**December 31,**<br>**2023**|**Fiscal 2023**|**Fiscal**<br>**2022**|**Fiscal**<br>**2021**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|1.|Revenue from operations (in ₹ million)|3,104.38|4,519.33|3,566.43|2,508.84|
||Contribution<br>towards<br>restated<br>consolidated revenue from operations (in<br>%)|63.83|57.60|58.20|57.63|
|2.|Profit before tax (in ₹ million)|169.70|423.01|356.93|292.57|
||Contribution<br>towards<br>restated<br>consolidated profit before tax (in %)|68.00|55.16|62.13|71.01|
|3.|Profit after tax (in ₹ million)|125.89|314.76|264.07|214.88|
||Contribution<br>towards<br>restated<br>consolidated profit after tax (in %)|68.01|55.42|61.23|74.61|
|4.|Borrowings / Debt (in ₹ million)|186.36|571.08|697.73|521.69|
||Contribution<br>towards<br>restated<br>consolidated borrowings / debt (in %)|74.64|81.18|74.27|70.07|
|5.|Reserves and Surplus (in ₹ million)|1,079.32|953.43|638.19|423.86|
||Contribution<br>towards<br>restated<br>consolidated reserves and surplus (in %)|55.58|54.19|42.15|39.52|
|6.|Net block (in ₹ million)|305.92|299.81|170.39|169.93|
||Contribution<br>towards<br>restated<br>consolidated net block (in %)|81.17|85.01|76.19|75.90|



Any deterioration in the business operations of our material subsidiary could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations, on a consolidated basis. We cannot assure you that our material subsidiary will generate sufficient revenues, profits and cash flows, or otherwise prove willing or able to pay dividends to our Company. 

Our business, financial condition and results of operations could also be adversely affected should our equity stake in our material subsidiary be diluted or in the event it ceases to be our Subsidiary. 

34 

**_3. We derive a significant part of our revenue from select customers. If one or more of such customers choose not to source their requirements from us, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

We are engaged in the sale of over 80 grades of zinc oxide which caters to a wide spectrum of industrial applications including in the rubber (tyre & other rubber products), ceramics, paints & coatings, pharmaceuticals & cosmetics, electronics & batteries, agro-chemicals & fertilizers, speciality chemicals, lubricants, oil and gas and animal feed. Over the last three years, we marketed and sold our products to more than 50 global customers in over 10 countries and to more than 200 domestic customers. Our top 10 customers contributed ₹ 3,745.72 million, ₹ 5,969.78 million, ₹ 4,634.99 million and ₹ 3,337.20 million constituting 77.02%, 76.09%, 75.63% and 76.67% of our revenue from operations, as on nine months period ended December 31, 2023 and in Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, respectively. We expect that we will continue to rely on our existing customers for the foreseeable future for a significant part of our revenues. Accordingly, any failure on our part to retain these customers and/or successfully engage with these select customers, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, reputation and results of operations. In addition, insolvency or financial distress or any default or delay in payments by any major customer may have an adverse impact on business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, we will also be subjected to costs relating to holding our inventory should any of our customers discontinue procurement of our products from us, which will lead to our working capital getting locked in such unsold inventory having a consequent adverse impact on our results of operations and financial conditions. While we have never experienced such events, there is no assurance that such events may not occur in future. 

Cancellation of orders by customers or delay or reduction in their orders or instances where anticipated orders fail to materialize can also result in mismatch between our inventories of raw materials and of manufactured products, thereby increasing our costs relating to maintaining our inventory and reduction of our margins, which may adversely affect our profitability and liquidity. 

**_4. Our logo is not registered as a trademark. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have not obtained trade mark registration of our logo. Currently, we have obtained registration of trademark “BDJ” and “JG Chemicals” from the Registrar of Trademarks. We have not made any application for registering our logo. Further, we cannot guarantee that our application for registration of the trademarks will be granted by the relevant authority or that there will not be instances where such applications are contested and/or objections are raised by third parties. In the event that we are unable to successfully defend such challenges or objections, we may be unsuccessful in obtaining the registration of our trademarks. In the absence of obtaining registration of these trademarks, we may not be able to initiate an infringement action against any third party infringing on our trademarks. Additionally, the use of trade names or trademarks by third parties which are similar to our trade names or trademarks may result in confusion among customers and loss of business, goodwill and confidence in us. 

While our agreements with our employees and consultants include confidentiality provisions and provisions on ownership of intellectual property, these agreements may not effectively prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, our intellectual property including our proprietary products, technology, systems and processes and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information or infringement of our intellectual property. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may copy aspects of our proprietary products and processes and use information that we consider proprietary. In addition, unauthorized parties may also attempt, or successfully endeavour, to obtain our intellectual property, confidential information, and trade secrets through various methods, including through cybersecurity attacks. In addition, our trade secrets may become known, we may no longer enjoy the exclusive use of some of our formulations or maintain the confidentiality of information relating to our products. Technical expertise is one of the key entry barriers in our industry and our dedicated focus on developing specialty products, customized to the specific needs of our customers, is one our competitive strengths. If our technical know-how is leaked to our competitors, it could significantly affect our competitive advantage and adversely affect our financial condition and business prospects. 

We may need to litigate to protect our intellectual property or to defend against third party infringement. Any such litigation could be time consuming and costly, and a favourable outcome cannot be guaranteed. We may not be able to detect any unauthorised use or take appropriate and timely steps to enforce or protect our intellectual 

35 

property. Any inability to use or protect our intellectual property could affect our relationships with our customers, result in costly litigation and divert management’s attention and resources. An adverse ruling arising out of any intellectual property dispute could subject us to liability for damages and could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_5. We operate in a competitive industry. Any inability to compete effectively may lead to a lower market share or reduced operating margins._** 

We operate in a competitive industry with a few organised manufacturers that produce competing products, both in India and internationally. Some of our competitors may have greater financial resources, better distribution network, technical and marketing resources and generate greater revenues, and therefore may be able to respond better to market changes than we can. In the last three Fiscals, we have increased our global footprint to sell our products globally and as of Fiscal 2023, we export to over 10 countries. Our foreign competitors may be able to supply similar products at lower prices due to proximity to our customers, larger scale of operations and export benefits provided in their respective countries. Further, our customers operate within highly competitive industries, where they are constantly required to adapt to factors such as changing consumer preferences, consolidation and the entry of new regional and local players who constantly exert downward pricing pressure. We may be adversely affected in case our customers are unable to effectively respond to any such factors. For details, please see section titled ‘ _Our Business – Competition’_ on page 193. As a result, to remain competitive in the market we must, in addition, to meet exacting quality standards, continuously strive to reduce our production and distribution costs and improve our operating efficiencies and innovate our products offering. If we fail to do so, it may have an adverse effect on our market share and results of operations. Many of our competitors may be larger than us and may benefit from greater economies of scale and operating efficiencies. We cannot assure you that we can continue to effectively compete with such manufacturers in the future, and failure to compete effectively may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Moreover, the competitive nature of the manufacturing industry may result in lower prices for our products and decreased profit margins, which may materially adversely affect our revenue and profitability. 

**_6. Our operations are heavily dependent on the rubber and tyre industry and there is a lack of diversification in our business across other Application Industries._** 

Zinc oxide manufactured by our Company finds application in a number of industries in India viz., rubber (tyre & other rubber products), ceramics, paints & coatings, pharmaceuticals & cosmetics, electronics & batteries, agrochemicals & fertilizers, speciality chemicals, lubricants, oil and gas and animal feed and our revenue from operations is directly linked to the performance of the industries in which our product finds application. 

The rubber industry is directly related to automobile industry and the tyre industry accounts for around 70% of rubber consumption in India _(Source: CARE Report)._ The rubber industry is the biggest consumer of our products and amongst various constituents of the rubber industry, the tyre industry is critical to our business. 

Set out below is an Application Industry wise break-up of our revenue from operations, for the applicable financial periods: 

||**Nine mon**<br>**ended Dec**<br>**20**<br>|**ths period**<br>**ember 31,**<br>**23**<br> <br>|**For Fis**<br>|**cal 2023**<br> <br>|**For Fis**<br>|**cal 2022**<br> <br>|**For Fi**<br>|**scal 2021**<br> <br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Industry**|**Amount**<br> <br>|**%**<br>**of**|**Amount**<br> <br>|**%**<br>**of**|**Amount**<br> <br>|**%**<br>**of**|**Amount**<br> <br>|**%**<br>**of**|
||**(in**<br>**₹**<br>**million)**|**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s**|**(in**<br>**₹**<br>**million)**|**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s**|**(in**<br>**₹**<br>**million)**|**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s**|**(in**<br>**₹**<br>**million)**|**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s**|
|Rubber|4,401.21|90.50|7,097.2<br>7|90.46|5,521.6<br>0|90.10|3,882.8<br>6|89.20|
|• tyres|4,048.63|83.25|6,510.4<br>1|82.98|5,012.9<br>5|81.80|3,530.2<br>7|81.10|
|• other<br>rubber<br>products|352.58|7.25|586.86|7.48|508.65|8.30|352.59|8.10|
|Pharmaceutica<br>ls & Cosmetics|344.80|7.09|532.73|6.79|390.37|6.37|325.60|7.48|
|Agriculture|36.47|0.75|72.18|0.92|126.24|2.06|77.92|1.79|



36 

||**Nine mon**<br>**ended Dec**<br>**20**<br>|**ths period**<br>**ember 31,**<br>**23**<br> <br>|**For Fis**<br>|**cal 2023**<br> <br>|**For Fis**<br>|**cal 2022**<br> <br>|**For Fi**<br>|**scal 2021**<br> <br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Industry**|**Amount**<br>**(in**<br>**₹**<br>**million)**|**%**<br>**of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s**|**Amount**<br>**(in**<br>**₹**<br>**million)**|**%**<br>**of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s**|**Amount**<br>**(in**<br>**₹**<br>**million)**|**%**<br>**of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s**|**Amount**<br>**(in**<br>**₹**<br>**million)**|**%**<br>**of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s**|
|Others*|80.73|1.66|143.58|1.83|90.09|1.47|66.60|1.53|
|**Total**|**4,863.22**|**100.00**|**7,845.7**<br>**6**|**100.00**|**6,128.30**|**100.00**|**4,352.98**|**100.00**|



_*Includes ceramics, paints & coatings, electronics & batteries, lubricants, oil & gas and animal feed end-user industries._ 

Demand from the replacement segment dominates the Indian tyres market contributing about 55% of the total volume, while the OEMs account for the rest 45%. Consumption by OEMs is dependent on new automobile sales trend while the replacement segment is linked to usage patterns and replacement cycles _(Source: CARE Report)_ . The replacement segment of the tyre industry was a major consumption source in India and had a high demand in the industry until Fiscal 2019, however, the trend reversed as the pandemic hit and there was a decline in the sales numbers _(Source: CARE Report)._ Despite a slow growth of our biggest end-use industry customer, we have been able to augment our revenues. However, we cannot assure you that our results of operations and financial conditions would not be adversely impacted in case of any slowdown in the automotive sector. 

We have recently expanded our manufacturing facility in Naidupeta, Andhra Pradesh for the production of zinc sulphate and also intend to gradually increase the production of pharmaceutical grade zinc oxide, with an intention to diversify our existing product portfolio by adding new products which are synergistic with our existing products and chemistries. However, we cannot assure that we will be able to reduce our dependence on the rubber industry in general & tyre industry in particular in the near future to acceptable levels or at all. 

Our future performance will depend to a significant extent on the performance of the automobile industry, which may get affected by a number of macro and micro economic conditions, and other factors including (i) government policies; (ii) shortage of semi-conductors due to geo-political reasons; (iii) disruption/ disturbance in shipping channels; and (iv) prevailing regulatory environment. Any downturn in the automobile industry may have a direct adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 

In relation to other end-use industries, the demand for our products and margin of our products is dependent on and directly affected by factors affecting such industries. Accordingly, our failure to effectively adapt to such enduse industry related disruptions, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_7. Our business is heavily dependent on procurement of raw materials from overseas suppliers. We do not have long-term agreements with our suppliers of raw material and any increase in the cost of, or a shortfall in the availability of, such raw materials could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

During the nine months period ended December 31, 2023 and Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, our cost of materials consumed amounted to ₹ 4,083.77 million, ₹ 6,369.01 million, ₹ 5,062.84 million and ₹ 3,454.48 million, constituting 83.97%, 81.18%, 82.61% and 79.36% of our revenue from operations, respectively. While we procure the primary raw materials used for our manufacturing process viz. virgin zinc metal and Zinc Dross from domestic as well as international markets we are heavily dependent on the overseas suppliers. Further, we are reliant on third parties for the supply of our raw materials with whom we do not have long term agreements and, consequently, we may face a shortage in the supply of raw materials of appropriate quality, including due to factors such as default by the supplier. Additionally, we have to estimate the transportation time for imports of raw materials several months in advance of the actual time that they are required by us, and any error in our estimate or any change in market conditions by the time the raw materials arrive may lead to a shortfall in raw materials. Shortage or delay in the supply of quality raw materials could hamper our operations. Since we do not usually enter into long-term supply contracts with our suppliers of Zinc Dross and typically, we source Zinc Dross from domestic and international third-party suppliers, including steel galvanizers by way of issuing purchase orders or by participating in online auctions and our business is heavily dependent on procurement of raw materials from overseas suppliers. The terms and production volumes of our raw material supplies are negotiated at the time of issuance of purchase order and the pricing is either determined on a spot basis or linked to a formula basis the LME pricing of zinc. While we always maintain a reasonable amount of inventory across all our facilities and have a stable supply of raw materials, which enables us to blend different compositions of Zinc Dross to produce 

37 

the required grade of zinc oxide and supply the same as per the specifications provided by our customers we cannot assure you that our operations will not be affected by the shortage or delay in the procurement of quality raw materials. 

Although, the price of our finished goods is linked to the price of our raw materials, i.e. the LME pricing of zinc, yet, the absence of long-term contracts at fixed prices exposes us to volatility in the prices of raw materials that we require and we may be unable to pass these costs onto our customers, which may reduce our profit margins. We face a risk that one or more of our existing suppliers may discontinue their supplies to us, and any inability on our part to procure raw materials from alternate suppliers in a timely fashion, or on commercially acceptable terms, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, while we estimate the demand of our products, and accordingly plan our production volumes, any shortage in the supply of our raw materials, may also result in our estimates going wrong which could result in either surplus of raw materials, which may result in additional storage cost and may not be sold in a timely manner or deficit of raw materials leading to our inability to meet our customer requirements and product demand, resulting in a reduction in our profit margins. 

In addition, absence of long-term contracts with our raw materials suppliers may also lead to our delivery/ production estimates being adversely affected. Our business depends on estimate of the medium, long-term demand for our products from our customers, which has a direct co-relation to the supply of our raw materials. If we are unable to secure the raw materials in a timely manner and at expected terms and conditions, we may not be able to achieve the production demands of our customers, which could result in the loss of business. While we estimate the demand for our products and accordingly plan our production volumes, any error in our estimate could also result in surplus or shortage of raw materials, which may not be sold in a timely manner. Shortage of raw materials would lead to our estimates being adversely affected, resulting in loss of our business and an adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_8. A part of our manufacturing facility and our registered office premises, are being utilised by us on leasehold basis and we are subject to terms and conditions imposed on us by the lessor. In any event we are unable to renew such leasehold rights, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

While our manufacturing facilities located at Belur and Jangalpur in West Bengal are on a land owned by our Company, a part of our manufacturing facilities at Naidupeta in Andhra Pradesh admeasuring approximately 2 acres is on a land that is leased from the Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation Ltd. (“ **APIICL** ”) vide a lease deed executed on May 13, 2021, for a term of 33 years with an option to buy the land, subject to payment of additional 20% of one time premium for the land or extend the lease period to 99 years without any additional premium, after 10 years of successful business operation from the date on which the lease deed was executed. The use of the manufacturing facility in Andhra Pradesh is, therefore, subject to terms and conditions imposed on us by the APIICL, which may be unilaterally amended and our ability to negotiate terms may be limited. We will be required to obtain the consent / approval of the APIICL for any future construction of any structure or building other than the factory building. In any case, if our land lease is not renewed or is terminated by the APIICL, we may be required to relocate our business operations or shut down our manufacturing facilities, we may suffer a significant disruption in our operations or have to pay increased charges, which could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Further, our Registered Office is also situated on leased premises. We cannot assure you that we will be able to renew our lease on commercially acceptable terms, or at all. In the event that we are required to vacate our current premises, we would be required to make alternative arrangements and we cannot assure that we will be able to identify and move to new premises within a reasonable period of time and/ or that new arrangements will be on commercially acceptable terms. For further details, please see section titled “ _Our Business - Properties_ ” on page 194. 

**_9. We are subject to certain risks consequent to our operations involving the manufacture, usage and storage of various hazardous substances._** 

Our manufacturing processes involve manufacturing, storage and transportation of various hazardous substances including zinc oxide and raw materials used to produce zinc oxide, such as, virgin zinc metal, Zinc Dross and certain other materials that we use in production that are corrosive, hazardous and toxic chemicals, and we are required to obtain approvals from various authorities for storing hazardous substances. Further, we also generate, 

38 

store and use hazardous wastes and permissible quantity of emissions at all our manufacturing facilities. We are, therefore, subject to operating risks associated with handling of such chemicals and any mishandling could lead to environmental damage, accidents and damage to property and equipment. While there have been no such instances during the last three financial years, we cannot assure you that we will not experience operating risks associated with handling of such hazardous materials in the future. In the event of occurrence of any such accidents, our business operations may be interrupted. Liabilities incurred as a result of these events have the potential to adversely affect our reputation with suppliers, business associates, regulators, employees and the public, which could, in turn, affect our financial condition and business performance. While we maintain general insurance against these liabilities, insurance proceeds may not be adequate to fully cover the substantial liabilities, lost revenues or increased expenses that we might incur. 

Further, any of these occurrences may result in the shutdown of any of our manufacturing facilities and expose us to civil and / our executive directors to criminal liability which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, such occurrences may result in the termination of our approvals for storing such substances or penalties thereunder. 

**_10. As a part of our Objects of the Offer, we intend to set up an R&D center at our Naidupeta Facility. Our Company has not_** _incurred_ **_any identifiable expenses towards R&D in Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 and the nine months period ended December 31, 2023._** 

Our Company has not incurred any identifiable expenses towards R&D in Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 and the nine months period ended December 31, 2023. Presently, our R&D activities have been limited to customization of zinc oxide to the specifications as per the requirements of our customers. We have a laboratory for testing which is part of our quality control and manufacturing process. As one of our strategies and Objects of the Offer, our Company intends to establish a separate R&D center at its Naidupeta Facility to undertake complex innovations in its products for making it available to pharmaceuticals, agro-chemicals and battery end-use industries, among others. Since our Company does not have extensive experience in operating a R&D facility and associated activities, we cannot assure you that we will be able to undertake complex innovations in our product offering, and failure to successfully implement our strategy may result in us not being able to obtain the returns on the funds deployed towards the said object and may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

# **_11. If any new products that we produce are not as successful as we anticipate, our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial conditions may be adversely affected._** 

In accordance with our strategy to diversify our product offerings and enter into new verticals, we have recently expanded our manufacturing facility in Naidupeta, Andhra Pradesh for the production of zinc sulphate and other allied chemicals, to meet the expected significant demand for zinc sulphate from the southern part of India. Further, we intend to gradually increase the production of pharmaceutical grade zinc oxide and have already obtained the requisite licenses for the same. We also intend to cater to the demand for active zinc oxide grade, which is extensively used in electronics, high-end specialty chemicals and other niche applications, petroleum and environmental protection industries as well as other zinc based chemicals and nutrients which find application in agriculture, micro-nutrients and zinc based feeds & additives. 

Although we follow a careful plan and strategy to develop our products, the development of such new products is subject to a number of risks including, but not limited to, (a) our failure to develop products that meet market demands and market requirements; (b) our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations; (c) failure to obtain the relevant approvals from regulatory bodies on a timely basis; and (d) failure to recover costs incurred in developing these products or earn adequate profits and profit margins. In addition, we cannot assure you that our existing or potential competitors will not develop products which are similar or superior to our products. It is often difficult to project the time frame for developing new products and the duration of market demand for these products, there is a substantial risk that we may have to abandon a potential product that is no longer commercially viable, even after we have invested significant resources in the research and development of such product. If any of our new products are not as successful in gaining market acceptance as we anticipate, contrary to our projections or future growth expectations, our goodwill and reputation may be affected, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. Further, the future expansion to our product portfolio may place a strain on our management, operational and financial resources, which could also adversely affect our business. We intend to further strengthen our relationships with existing customers who may drive high volume orders on an ongoing basis, however we cannot assure you that we will be able to execute these strategies on time and within our estimated budget, or that it will increase our profitability. 

39 

**_12. The extent to which the outbreak of COVID – 19 could have an impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted._** 

The outbreak of COVID-19 resulted in a period of business disruption as well as restrictions on business activity and the movement of people comprising a significant portion of the world’s population, and a decrease in economic activity in a number of countries, including India. As a result, many industries have been exposed to disruptions in carrying out business operations, resulting in loss of business and reduction in cash flows, which has created stress in different sectors of the economy. As a result of the detection of new mutated strains and subsequent waves of COVID-19 infections in several states in India as well as throughout various parts of the world, we cannot assure you that we will not be subject to further reinstatements of lockdown protocols or other restrictions, and the COVID-19 pandemic may continue to affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, in the future, in a number of ways such as: 

- Disruptions or restrictions on our ability to conduct, our manufacturing operations. For example, on account of the lockdown, our operations were temporarily shut down for a period of 14 days at our Jangalpur, West Bengal and Naidupeta, Andhra Pradesh facilities and a period of 135 days at our Belur Facility, in West Bengal. Any future restrictions on our workforce’s access to any of our manufacturing facilities and the health and availability of our workforce could limit our ability to meet customer orders and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

- Some of our employees have also been infected with the COVID-19 virus during the pandemic and may continue to contract such infections in future as well. Accordingly, we may lose key management and employee personnel hours due to COVID-19 related illness and related issues in the future. 

- We rely on many suppliers and contractors. Although, we have not faced challenges to obtain materials and supplies at present, but in relation to some materials and supplies, there was a significant spike in its prices during the peak COVID-19 periods in the last financial year compared to earlier years. We cannot assure that such spike in material prices due to COVID-19 induced restrictions in future. Increases in prices of raw materials could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

- • Our business may be affected by a variety of external factors that may affect the price or marketability of our products, changes in interest rates that may increase our funding costs and reduced demand for our products due to economic conditions. 

The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic and the related global economic impact, affect our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the spread, scope, duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and the intensification or escalation of the COVID-19 pandemic due to any future outbreak of another highly infectious or contagious strain or variant, the effectiveness of further steps taken by the GoI, state governments and other authorities, to mitigate the economic impacts in response to the pandemic, the effects on our customers, counterparties, employees and thirdparty service providers, and the time it takes for economic activities to return to pre-pandemic levels. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there is significant uncertainty relating to the severity of long-term adverse impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on the domestic and global economy, domestic and global financial markets, and we are unable to accurately predict the long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. 

**_13. There are pending litigations against our Company, our Subsidiary and certain of our Directors. Any adverse decision in such proceedings may render us/them liable to liabilities/penalties and may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Certain legal proceedings involving our Company, our Subsidiary and certain of our Directors are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and authorities. In the event of adverse rulings in these proceedings or consequent levy of penalties, we may need to make payments or make provisions for future payments and which may increase expenses and current or contingent liabilities. 

A summary of outstanding litigation proceedings involving our Company, our Subsidiary and Directors, as disclosed in section titled “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 330 in terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus is provided below: 

|||||||_(in ₹ million)_|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Criminal**<br>**Proceedings**|**Tax**<br>**Proceedings**|**Statutory**<br>**or**|**Disciplinary**<br>**actions by**|**Material**<br>**Civil**|**Aggregate**<br>**amount**|
||||**Regulatory**<br>**Proceeding**|**SEBI or**|**Litigation***|**involved****|



40 

|||||**Stock**<br>**Exchanges**|||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Company**|||||||
|By<br>our|Nil|5|Nil|Nil|Nil|17.02|
|<br>Company|||||||
|Against our|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|<br>Company|||||||
|**Directors (Other th**|**an Promoters)**||||||
|By<br>our|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|<br>Directors|||||||
|Against our|Nil|2|Nil|Nil|Nil|1.83|
|Directors|||||||
|**Promoters**|||||||
|By<br>our|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|<br>Promoters|||||||
|Against our|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|<br>Promoters|||||||
|**Subsidiariy**|||||||
|By<br>our|Nil|2|Nil|Nil|Nil|0.87|
|<br>Subsidiary|||||||
|Against our<br>Subsidiary|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|



_*This comprises the pending proceedings which may have a material impact on our Company, in accordance with the Materiality Policy._ 

_** To the extent quantifiable_ 

We cannot assure you that any of the outstanding litigation matters will be settled in our favour, or that no (additional) liability will arise out of these proceedings. Our Company is in the process of litigating these matters, and based on the assessment in accordance with applicable accounting standard, our Company has presently not made provision for any of the pending legal proceedings. In addition to the foregoing, we could also be adversely affected by complaints, claims or legal actions brought by persons, before various forums such as courts, tribunals, consumer forums or sector-specific or other regulatory authorities in the ordinary course or otherwise, in relation to our products and services, our technology and/or intellectual property, our branding or marketing efforts or campaigns or our policies or any other acts/omissions. Further, we may be subject to legal action by our employees and/or ex-employees in relation to alleged grievances such as termination of their employment with our Company. We cannot assure you that such complaints or claims will not result in investigations, enquiries or legal actions by any courts, tribunals or regulatory authorities against us. 

# **_14. Non-compliance with and changes in safety, health, environmental and labour laws and other applicable regulations, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, we may not be able to renew or maintain our statutory and regulatory permits and approvals required to operate our business._** 

We are subject to laws and government regulations, including in relation to safety, health, environmental protection and labour. These laws and regulations impose controls on air and water discharge, processing, handling, storage, transport or disposal of hazardous substances including employee exposure to hazardous substances and other aspects of our manufacturing operations. We have obtained, or are in the process of obtaining or renewing, all material environmental consents and licenses from the relevant governmental agencies that are necessary for us to carry on our business. For further details of the key regulations applicable to our business, please see section titled “ _Key Regulations and Policies in India_ ” on page 196. Further, our products, including the process of manufacture, storage and distribution of such products, are subject to numerous laws and regulations in relation to quality, safety and health. We handle and use hazardous materials in our manufacturing activities and the improper handling or storage of these materials could result in accident at our facilities which may result in personal injury or loss of life, environmental damage, damage of property and equipment. Further, laws and regulations may limit the amount of hazardous and pollutant discharge that our manufacturing facility may release into the air and water. While there have been no instances of loss of property, life or accidents that may have occurred in the past, we cannot assure you that such instances may not happen in the future. 

We are also subject to the laws and regulations governing employees, including in relation to minimum wage and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and termination of employees, contract labour and 

41 

work permits. We have incurred and expect to continue incurring costs for compliance with such laws and regulations. We have also made and expect to continue making capital expenditures on an on-going basis to comply with all applicable environmental, health and safety and labour laws and regulations. These laws and regulations have, however, become increasingly stringent and it is possible that they will become significantly more stringent in the future. While there have not been any material instances of non-compliance, regulatory actions in past 3 financial years, we cannot assure you that we will not be found to be in non-compliance with, or remain in compliance with all applicable environmental, health and safety and labour laws and regulations or the terms and conditions of any consents or permits in the future or that such compliance will not result in a curtailment of production, or a material increase in the costs of production. 

The discharge of materials that are chemical in nature or of other hazardous substances into the air, soil or water beyond these limits may cause us to be liable to regulatory bodies or third parties. Any of the foregoing could subject us to legal proceedings, which could have an adverse impact on our profitability in the event we were found liable and could also adversely affect our reputation. Additionally, the government or the relevant regulatory bodies may require us to shut down our manufacturing plants, which in turn could lead to product shortages that delay or prevent us from fulfilling our obligations to customers. 

Further, as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has not commenced the civil and construction work in relation to the upgradation of our R&D centre. For further details, please see section titled “ _Objects of the Offer- Funding capital expenditure requirements for setting up of R&D Centre_ ” on page 110. We do not require any further licenses / approvals from any governmental authorities at this stage of the proposed upgradation of our R&D Centre, however, we will have to apply for the necessary approvals that we may require at future stages and we cannot assure you that we will be granted such approvals. 

**_15. Our manufacturing operations may be materially adversely affected by strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees or those of our suppliers._** 

Success of our operations also depends on availability of labour and maintaining cordial relationships with our labour force. As of December 31, 2023, we had 112 permanent employees (excluding trainees), more than 100 workmen (labour) and trainees and 47 contract workers working in our manufacturing facilities. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our employees are not members of any organised labour unions. Notwithstanding, strikes and lockouts as a result of disputes with our labour force may adversely affect our operations, which may have an impact on our production levels. While we have not had instance of strikes, lockouts or labour disputes in the past, we cannot assure you that we shall not experience any strikes or lockouts on account of labour disputes in the future. Such events could disrupt our operations and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we also may face protests from local citizens at our existing facilities or while setting up new facilities, which may delay or halt our operations. 

Although we have not experienced any significant disruptions at any of our manufacturing facilities in the past, we cannot assure you that there will not be any disruptions in our operations in the future. Our inability to effectively respond to such events, manage our Manufacturing Assets efficiently and resolve any disruptions, in a timely manner and at an acceptable cost, could lead to the slowdown or shutdown of our operations or the underutilisation of our manufacturing facilities, which in turn may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_16. We have negative cash flows used in operating activities in the financial year ended March 31, 2021._** 

We have experienced negative net cash flows of ₹ 73.46 million used in operating activities after working capital changes, in the financial year ended March 31, 2021. We cannot assure you that we will not experience negative cash flows in the future and such negative cash flows could adversely affect our financial condition and trading price of our Equity Shares in the future. In addition, negative cash flows could impact our ability to service our debt obligations in a timely manner and also require to assume additional debt obligations which would in turn increase our interest expense. 

**_17. Procurement of raw materials from overseas countries exposes us to risks relating to foreign exchange fluctuation and commodity pricing._** 

Our manufacturing operations require a large quantity of raw materials, a significant quantity of which are sourced / procured from international suppliers. The availability of Zinc Dross, which is one of the major primary raw materials for the manufacturing of zinc oxide, is relatively lower than its total requirement in domestic market. 

42 

The availability of Zinc Dross is indispensable in manufacturing of zinc oxide and is integral to our manufacturing process. We, therefore, import Zinc Dross from international suppliers, as and when required, by placing purchase orders with our suppliers. 

Our sales from exports for nine months period ended December 31, 2023 and Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021, have been ₹ 462.42 million ₹ 727.07 million, ₹ 545.08 million and ₹ 386.90 million, respectively, comprising of 9.51%, 9.27%, 8.90% and 8.92%, of sale of our finished goods for the corresponding period. The table below sets forth the foreign currency trade receivables and trade payables position for nine months period ended December 31, 2023 and Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021: 

|**Exposure to currency**<br>**risk**|**Currency**|**Nine months**<br>**period ended**<br>**December 31,**<br>**2023**<br>**(Amounts in**<br>**million)**|**Fiscal 2023**<br>**(Amounts in**<br>**million)**|**Fiscal 2022**<br>**(Amounts**<br>**in million)**|**Fiscal 2021**<br>**(Amounts**<br>**in million)**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Trade<br>receivables<br>(unhedged)|USD|0.65|1.16|0.82|1.45|
|Trade<br>receivables<br>(unhedged)|EURO|0.57|0.44|-|-|
|Trade<br>payables<br>(unhedged)|USD|0.08|0.34|0.03|0.30|



Our sales from export and import of raw materials are denominated in foreign currencies, primarily, the U.S. Dollar. Our financial statements, however, are prepared in Indian Rupees. Accordingly, we have currency exposures relating to buying and selling in currencies other than in Indian Rupees, particularly the U.S. Dollar. Therefore, changes in the relevant exchange rates could also affect sales, operating results and assets and liabilities reported in Indian Rupees as part of our financial statements. We are exposed to fluctuations in zinc oxide price arising on purchase, manufacturing and sale of zinc oxide and inventory of zinc oxide lying with us. To manage the variability in fair value, we enter into derivative financial instruments, which are primarily in the nature of future commodity contracts, to manage the risk associated with zinc oxide price fluctuations relating to the highly probable forecasted transactions. Our Company designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments in respect of commodity price risk in cash flow hedges and fair value hedges. As the value of the derivative instrument generally changes in response to the value of the hedged item, the economic relationship is established. While we enter into arrangements to minimize our currency exchange risks, we cannot assure you that such measures will enable us to avoid the effect of any adverse fluctuations in the value of the Indian Rupee against the U.S. Dollar or other foreign currencies. For further details on our exchange rate risk management, please see section titled “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Principal Factors Affecting our Results of Operations – Foreign Currency Exchange Risk_ ” on page 325. 

# **_18. Conditions and restrictions imposed on us by the agreements governing our indebtedness and our inability to meet our obligations, including financial and other covenants under our debt financing arrangements could adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We have incurred indebtedness of ₹ 406.27 million as of January 31, 2024 and we may avail debt facilities in the future to run our business. Our Debt Equity ratio as on nine months period ended December 31, 2023 and the financial years ended March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021, was 0.11 times, 0.34 times, 0.62 times and 0.69 times, respectively. Further, our interest coverage ratio was 9.91 times, 16.39 times, 10.19 times and 9.13 times, as on nine months period ended December 31, 2023 and the financial years ended March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021, respectively. Our ability to meet our debt service obligations and repay our outstanding borrowings will depend primarily on the cash generated by our business. Further, our existing financing agreements contain certain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to undertake certain types of transactions, and require us to obtain consents from respective lenders prior to carrying out specified activities and entering into certain transactions, any of which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. We are required to obtain prior approval from our lenders, inter alia, to: 

- Declare or pay dividends in respect of any financial year, if any event of default has occurred; 

- • Effect any merger, amalgamation, reconstruction or consolidation; 

- Change or alter in any way the capital structure of the borrower; 

- • Effect any material change in shareholding of the borrower; 

43 

- Effect any material change in our management/ ownership; 

- Invest by way of deposits or loans or in share capital of any other company; 

- Undertake guarantee obligation on behalf of third party or any other company; and 

- Create or permit to subsist any encumbrance, mortgage or charge over all or any of our secured assets. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain approvals to undertake any of these activities as and when required or comply with such covenants or other covenants in the future. In the event we breach any financial or other covenants contained in any of our financing arrangements, we may be required to immediately repay our borrowings either in whole or in part, together with any related costs. Our failure to meet our obligations under the debt financing agreements, including our repayment obligations under the financing arrangements could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. For details in connection with our indebtedness, please see section titled “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 328. 

Further, these debt obligations are typically secured by a combination of security interests over our assets, including our manufacturing assets and hypothecation of movables and future receivables. The security allows our lenders to inter alia sell the relevant assets in the event of our default. 

Further, if we incur more debt or if there is an increase in the applicable interest rates for our existing debt, our interest payment obligations will increase, and we may become subject to additional conditions from our lenders, including additional restrictions on the operation of our business. The financing agreements that we are party to, or which we may enter into in the future, may be unilaterally terminated by our lenders or our lenders could decline to lend to us under such agreements. Further, we cannot assure you that we will be able to raise additional financing in a timely manner on favourable terms, or at all. Any failure in the future to obtain necessary financing could result in a cash flow mismatch and adversely impact our growth plans. Any of these factors could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, our cash flows and results of operations. 

# **_19. Our Promoters have provided guarantees in connection with our borrowings. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected by the revocation of all or any of the guarantees provided by our Promoters in connection with our Company’s borrowings._** 

Our Promoters have provided personal guarantees to lenders for our borrowings. On a consolidated basis the total outstanding amount of our borrowings secured by way of personal guarantees of our Promoters is ₹ 402.84 million as on January 31, 2024. Further, on a consolidated basis, the total sanctioned amount of our borrowings, secured by way of personal guarantees extended by our Promoters is ₹1,579.90 million as on January 31, 2024. In addition, the respective guarantors are also responsible for any overdue interest or penalties on our borrowings. If any of these guarantees are revoked, our lenders may require alternative guarantees or cancel such loans or facilities, entailing repayment of amounts outstanding under such facilities. If we are unable to procure alternative guarantees which are satisfactory to our lenders, we may need to seek alternative sources of capital, which may not be available to us at commercially reasonable terms or at all, or we may have to agree to more onerous terms under our financing agreements, which may limit our operational flexibility. Accordingly, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected by the revocation of all or any of the guarantees provided by our Promoters in connection with our Company’s borrowings. For further details, see section titled “ _Financial Information_ ” and “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on pages 241 and 328, respectively. 

# **_20. We had availed moratorium on our financial facilities._** 

In view of the global pandemic in Fiscal 2020 and 2021, the Reserve Bank of India vide its circular dated March 27, 2020 permitted the lenders to allow a moratorium for three months of equated monthly instalments, falling due between March 01, 2020 and May 31, 2020 (later extended by an additional three months up to August 31, 2020) for various categories of loans. We had availed the permitted moratorium for our term loans availed from Bank of Baroda, pursuant to which the repayment of the interest due from us were made a part of the principal amount for the period from March 31, 2020 to July 31, 2020, for an aggregate amount of ₹ 2.94 million. Our Company has paid all its due equated monthly instalment within the extended moratorium period. Considering the present uncertainty due to COVID-19 and various variants, we cannot assure you that we will not require such moratorium or rescheduling of loan in future. In case, we face such financial difficulties and we are not offered, or are unable to avail, such moratorium or procure the rescheduling of the then outstanding financial facilities on reasonable terms, our cash flows and may be constrained, we may default on our obligations and our financial conditions and operations may be adversely affected. 

44 

**_21. The demand of our products in foreign countries is subject to international market conditions and regulatory risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our sales from exports for the nine months period ended December 31, 2023 and Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021 were ₹462.42 million, ₹ 727.07 million, ₹ 545.08 million and ₹ 386.90 million, respectively, comprising of 9.51%, 9.27%, 8.90% and 8.92%, of sale of our finished goods for the corresponding period. Over the last three years, we marketed and sold our products to more than 50 global customers in over 10 countries. Therefore, any developments in the global zinc oxide industry or the industries in which our customers operate could have an impact on our sales from exports. Further, with a view to further diversify our export customer base and increase our exports, we also intend to augment our sales in the foreign markets where we sell our products thereby, increasing our market share in the existing geographies. For further details, please see section titled “ _Our BusinessStrategies_ ” on page 185. 

However, there are a number of risks in doing business abroad such as risks with respect to interest rate and foreign currency fluctuations, different tax and regulatory environments, changes in social, political and economic conditions, the need to recruit personnel combining product skills and local market knowledge, obtaining the necessary clearances and approvals to set up business and competing with established players in these regions and cost structures in international markets, including those in which we sell our products, that are significantly different from those that we have experienced in India. For instance, we require various approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions for supplying our products to our overseas customers such as the REACH registration with ECHA, for supplying our products to the European Union and other similar registrations with regulatory bodies of various countries. Authorities in different jurisdictions may impose their own requirements or delay or refuse to grant approval, even when our product has already been approved in another country. While, in the past we have not faced any non – compliance of any regulatory requirements in case we fail to comply with applicable statutory or regulatory requirements in the future, there could be a delay in the submission or grant of approval for marketing new products, which we intend to introduce to enhance our product portfolio. For further details, please see section titled “ _Our Business_ ” on page 179. Additionally, the approval process for a new product is complex, lengthy and expensive in the international markets where we sell our products. The time taken to obtain approval varies from country to country, and is significantly dependent on that particular country, the customers and the nature of the products for which approval is sought. Further, there may be certain developments in the industries in which our customers operate which in turn may have an impact on our sales from exports. There may be imposition of certain tariffs, quotas and other tariff and non-tariff trade barriers on our products in jurisdictions in which we operate or seek to sell our products and we may face trade restrictions in the jurisdictions where we operate. We cannot assure you that the countries where we seek to sell our products will not impose trade restrictions on us in future. We may also be prohibited from exporting to certain restricted countries that may be added to a sanctions list maintained by the Government of India or other foreign governments, such as the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons list maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the US Department of Treasury in the United States. Any such imposition of trade barriers may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

These risks may impact our ability to expand our exports in different regions and otherwise achieve our objectives relating to our export operations, which is primarily concentrated in South-East Asia, at present. Expansion into a market outside of our current operation could require significant capital expenditures and have a material effect on our capital structure and financial condition. If we pursue an international expansion opportunity, we could face internal or external risks, including, without limitation compliance with multiple and potentially conflicting foreign laws and regulations, import and export limitations and limits on the repatriation of funds. We may be unsuccessful in developing and implementing policies and strategies that will be effective in managing these risks in each country where we have business operations. Our failure to manage these risks successfully could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Furthermore, we may face competition in other countries from companies that have more experience with operations in such countries or with international operations generally. If we are unable to successfully develop or manage our international operations, it may limit our ability to grow our international business. 

**_22. Our Promoters and Promoter Group will, even after the culmination of this Offer, continue to be our largest Shareholders and can influence the outcome of resolutions, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the other Equity Shareholders._** 

Currently, our Promoters and members of our Promoter Group hold the entire paid-up- Equity Share Capital of our Company and they will continue to hold a significant percentage of our Equity Share Capital after the completion of this Offer. For details of shareholding of our Promoters and Promoter Group, please see the section 

45 

titled “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 89. While there is no shareholder’s agreement in place between our Promoters and members of our Promoter Group, they will nevertheless, collectively, have the ability to significantly influence our corporate decision-making process. This will include the ability to appoint Directors on our Board and the right to approve significant actions at the Board and at the Shareholders’ meetings, including the issue of Equity Shares and dividend payments, business plans, mergers and acquisitions, any consolidation or joint venture arrangements and any amendment to the constitutional documents. We cannot assure you that the interest of our Promoters and members of our Promoter Group in any such scenario will not conflict with the interest of other Shareholders or with our interests. Any such conflict may adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy or to operate our business effectively or in the best interests of the other Shareholders of our Company. 

**_23. Our success largely depends upon the knowledge and experience of our Promoters, Directors and our Senior Management as well as our ability to attract and retain skilled personnel. Any loss of our Directors, Senior Management or our ability to attract and retain them and other skilled personnel could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our success largely depends upon the knowledge and experience of our Promoters, Directors, our Senior Management as well as our ability to attract and retain skilled personnel. Any loss of our Directors or Senior Management or our ability to attract and retain them and other skilled personnel could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We depend on the management skills and guidance of our Promoters for development of business strategies, monitoring their successful implementation and meeting future challenges. Further, we also significantly depend on the expertise, experience and continued efforts of our Senior Management. Our future performance will depend largely on our ability to retain the continued service of our management team. If one or more of our Senior Management personnel are unable or unwilling to continue in his or her present position, we cannot assure that we will be able to find a suitable replacement in a timely manner or at all. 

In addition, we may require a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when skilled personnel terminate their employment with us. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting and retaining skilled employees that our business requires. The loss of the services of such persons could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

There is significant competition for highly skilled personnel in the chemicals industry in which we operate, and it may be difficult to attract and retain the personnel we require in the future. We cannot assure you that our competitors will not offer better compensation packages, incentives and other perquisites to such skilled personnel. Our overall attrition rate of employees in nine months period ended December 31, 2023 and in Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 was 15.91%, 13.52%, 21.48% and 12.03%, respectively. Further, as we expect to continue to expand our operations and develop new products, we will need to continue to attract and retain experienced management personnel. If we are unable to retain or attract such members or are unable to locate suitable or qualified replacements, our results of operations may be adversely affected. 

**_24. We require various licenses and approvals for undertaking our businesses and the failure to obtain or retain such licenses or approvals in a timely manner, or at all, may adversely affect our operations._** 

Our business operations are subject to various laws, the compliance of which is supervised by multiple regulatory authorities and government bodies. In order to conduct our business, we are required to obtain multiple licenses, approvals, permits and consents. For further details, please see section titled “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 334. Most of these approvals and licenses are subject to ongoing inspection and compliance requirements and are valid only for a fixed period of time subject to renewal. Additionally, we may need to apply for more approvals in the future including renewal of approvals that may expire from time to time. If we fail to renew, obtain or retain any of such approvals, in a timely manner, or at all, our business and operations may be adversely affected. 

Amongst the laws that we must adhere to, environmental, health and safety laws and regulations are the most critical laws. These include laws and regulations that limit the discharge of pollutants into the air and water and establish standards for the treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous waste materials, amongst others. Our compliance with these laws and regulations and obtaining the necessary governmental permits is often a prerequisite for our customer orders. Significant fines and penalties may be imposed for non-compliance with such environmental laws. We are also inspected at regular intervals by environmental protection agencies, such as state pollution control boards, to ensure our compliance with applicable laws and regulations. We are also 

46 

required to obtain permits from governmental authorities for certain aspects of our operations. These laws, regulations and permits may require us to purchase and install pollution control equipment or to make operational changes to limit impacts or potential impacts on the environment and/or health of our employees. Any actual or alleged failure on our part to comply with the terms and conditions of such regulatory licenses, registrations and approvals could expose us to legal action, compliance costs or liabilities, or could affect our ability to continue to operate at the locations or in the manner in which we have been operating thus far. 

**_25. There has been an instance of delay in PF payment for the employees by our Company. We may be subject to regulatory actions or penalties for any such delay and our business, financial condition and reputation may be adversely affected._** 

There has been an instance of delay in PF payment by our Company in Fiscal 2021. The delay was primarily due to COVID-19. The due date of PF payment was May 15, 2020, and our Company paid PF dues on June 27, 2020. Though we have made the relevant PF payment, and no penal action has been initiated by the relevant authority as on date, we may be subject to regulatory actions and penalties for any such delays and our business, financial condition and reputation may be adversely affected. There can be no assurance that there will be no such instances of delays in future, which may involve litigation, including monetary penalties, which may adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operation. 

**_26. Any non-compliance or delay in RoC filings may expose us to penalties from the regulators._** 

As a Company, we are required to file various forms with the RoC under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, including but not limited to form CHG-1 in respect of the security created by our Company for the financing facilities availed by us. However, there has been an instance in the past where such CHG-1 form was not filed with the RoC with respect to a vehicle loan availed by us due to inadvertence at our end. However, no action has been or was taken against the Company in this regard in accordance with the Companies Act, 2013 and the said vehicle loan has been repaid by us in full. Our Company has also delayed in obtaining special resolution from our Shareholders in terms of Companies Act for continuation of appointment of Suresh Jhunjhunwala, our Executive Chairman and Wholetime Director, who attained the age of 70 years. 

There has also been an instance in the past wherein, form MR-1 filed with the RoC, in respect of return of appointment of managerial personnel, was not in compliance with the applicable rules. However, the same has been re-filed with appropriate fees. We cannot assure you that such delays will not occur in future and such delay in filing the forms and / or any non-compliance may expose our Company to fines and penalties from RoC. 

**_27. We do not have long term agreements with our customers and rely on purchase orders for delivery of our products. Loss of one or more of our customers or a reduction in their demand for our products could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We do not enter into long-term agreements with our customers. We rely on purchase orders to govern the volume and other terms of our sale of products to our customers. Many of the purchase orders we receive from our customers specify a price per unit and the delivery schedule. While we believe that our relationship with our customers has been built over time and few of our customers have conferred the status of a preferred supplier on us, resulting in repeat orders from such customers, our relationship with our customers is on a non-exclusive basis and accordingly, our customers may choose to cease sourcing our products and source alternative options which exposes us to a significant increased risk of customer attrition. Absence of any long term contracts or contractual exclusivity with respect to our business arrangements with such customers poses a challenge on our ability to continue to supply our products to these customers in future. Further, the number of purchase orders that our customers place with us differ from quarter to quarter, which has caused our revenues, results of operations and cash flows to fluctuate in the past and we expect this trend to occasionally continue in the future. 

Additionally, our customers have high and stringent standards for product quantity and quality as well as delivery schedules and any failure to meet our customers’ expectations and specifications could result in cancellation of orders or the risk of the customer not placing any subsequent orders or might place orders for lesser quantity. There are also a number of factors, other than our performance, that could cause the loss of a customer such as, (a) increase in prices of raw materials and other input costs resulting in an increase in the price of our products; (b) changes in customer requirements and preferences; (c) changes in governmental or regulatory policy; (d) slowdown in the customer’s industry due to any reasons; and (e) change in technology. Any of these factors may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

47 

In addition, all our decisions, with respect to production schedules, capacity expansions, personnel requirements and other resource requirements are based on our estimates of our customer orders. If we underestimate or overestimate the demand from our customers, our entire planning and decision-making would be adversely affected, which could result in the loss of business leading to an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

**_28. We are heavily dependent on machinery for our manufacturing operations. Any unscheduled, unplanned or prolonged disruption or break-down of our machinery could adversely affect our business, financial results and growth prospects._** 

We conduct our operations at our manufacturing facilities located at Jangalpur and Belur in West Bengal and at Naidupeta in Andhra Pradesh in India. In addition to our existing facilities and with a view to diversify our product portfolio into zinc sulphate and allied products business, we have recently set up a new zinc sulphate and other allied chemicals unit, near our existing manufacturing facility located in Naidupeta in the state of Andhra Pradesh. 

Our business is dependent on our ability to efficiently manage our manufacturing facilities, which is subject to various operating risks, including those beyond our control, such as the breakdown, failure of equipment or industrial accidents, severe weather conditions (including heavy rainfall), natural disasters and infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic resulting in unplanned slowdowns and/or shutdowns. Any significant malfunction or breakdown of our machinery, our equipment, our automation systems or any other part of our manufacturing processes or systems (together, our “ **Manufacturing Assets** ”) may entail significant repair and maintenance costs and cause delays in our operations. 

If we are unable to repair & restore our Manufacturing Assets in a timely manner or at all, our operations may need to be suspended until we procure the appropriate Manufacturing Assets to replace them. Although we have backup for certain critical equipment such as blowers, blenders and collection systems, and appropriate spare parts, we cannot assure that such machinery will be of the same quality, or we will be able to procure the necessary spare parts in a timely manner, when such equipment fails. Our inability to timely rectify our Manufacturing Assets or procure spare parts in a timely manner, may result in operational downtime. In case, we are unable to carry out the necessary repair of the malfunctioning machinery promptly, our manufacturing operations may be hampered which could have an adverse impact on our business. 

# **_29. We may experience loss of, or a decrease in, revenue due to lower manufacturing levels._** 

Our average capacity utilisation across all our manufacturing facilities for our products has been around 52.12%, 57.42%, 63.44% and 61.94% of our total installed capacity per annum in nine months period ended December 31, 2023 and Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, respectively. For further details on our installed capacities, please see section titled “ _Our Business- Manufacturing Facilities_ ” on page 188. We cannot assure you that we will achieve higher manufacturing capacities than we have achieved in the past and will be able to achieve optimal capacity utilisation at our existing manufacturing facilities. 

The capacity utilisation at our manufacturing facilities is subject to various factors such as availability of raw materials, power, efficient working of machinery and equipment and optimal production planning. Higher capacity utilisation is critical to achieving higher revenues and profitability. If we are unable to achieve and, consistently maintain, higher levels of capacity utilisation or if our capacity utilisation falls below the current levels, our revenues and profitability could be adversely affected. In addition, lower manufacturing capacity could also adversely impact our ability to attract additional customers and grow our business. We cannot assure you that we will successfully implement new technologies effectively or adapt our systems to emerging industry standards. In addition, we may be required to shut down certain facilities for capacity expansion and equipment upgrades. 

# **_30. We are dependent on third party transportation and logistics service providers. Any increase in the charges of these entities could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We rely on third party transportation and logistics providers for procurement of our raw materials and supply of our products to our customers. We do not have any long-term contractual arrangements with such third-party transportation and logistics providers and engage their services, as and when required, on spot basis. Disruptions of logistics could impair our ability to procure raw materials and/or deliver our products on time, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Freight carriage, freight and forwarding expense and export freight charges also form a part of our expenses. During the nine months period ended December 31, 2023 and Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, our packing materials amounted 

48 

to ₹29.71 million, ₹ 39.58 million, ₹ 35.71 million and ₹ 24.62 million constituting 0.64%, 0.55%, 0.63% and 0.62% of our total expenses, respectively and our carriage outwards amounted to ₹56.25 million, ₹ 89.79 million, ₹ 63.28 million and ₹ 51.24 million representing 1.21% 1.25%, 1.12% and 1.28% of total expenses, respectively We are subject to the risk of increases in freight costs as we export our products through the sea as well. Freight costs fluctuate with the prices of oil & gas. If we cannot fully offset any increases in freight costs, through increases in the prices for our products, we would experience lower margins. In addition, any increase in export tariffs also will increase expenses which in turn may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. While we believe we have adequately insured ourselves against the risk involved in maritime transport, we may be responsible for the transport of our products and accordingly be exposed to the risk of theft, accidents and/or loss of our products in transit. While there have been no material instances of theft, accident or loss in the past three years, we cannot assure you that such incidents will not occur in future. Any such acts could result in serious liability claims (for which we may not be adequately insured) which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_31. We are subject to strict quality requirements, regular inspections and audits, and sales of our product is dependent on our quality control and standards. Any failure to comply with quality standards may adversely affect our business prospects and financial performance, including cancellation of existing and future orders._** 

We develop, manufacture and market zinc oxide. The manufacturing of zinc oxide goes through various quality checks at various stages including random sampling and quality check by internal as well as external agencies, for instance, few of our customers. However, failure of our products to meet prescribed quality standards may result in rejection and replacement of our products. This may further result in our customers cancelling present or future purchases of our products and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

All our manufacturing facilities have been accredited with ISO 9001:2015, ISO 45001:2018 and ISO 14001:2015 certifications. Our subsidiary, BDJ Oxides is the only zinc oxide company in India with an IATF certification _(Source: CARE Report)._ As an exporter of our products to Europe, our subsidiary, BDJ Oxides, has also obtained the REACH (Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals, Regulation (EC) No. 1907/2006) certification. Further, our subsidiary, BDJ Oxides has obtained WHO GMP certificate for manufacture and supply of pharma grade zinc oxide at its Naidupeta Facility. Receipt of certifications and accreditations under the standards of quality is important for the success and wide acceptability of our products. To ensure continued accreditation with such agencies, we must ensure consistency and maintain the quality of our products and our manufacturing processes. While we have put in place quality control procedures, we cannot assure that our products will always be able to satisfy our prescribed quality standards. Our quality control procedures may fail to test for all possible conditions of use or identify all defects in the manufacturing of our products. Any failure on our part to successfully maintain quality standards for our products may affect our customer relationships, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_32. Any adverse changes in regulations governing our business operations or products or the products of our endcustomers, may adversely impact our business, prospects, and results of operations._** 

Government regulations and policies of India as well as our exports markets can affect the demand for, expenses related to and availability of our products. We expect to continue incurring costs for compliance with such laws and regulations. Any changes in government regulations and policies, such as the withdrawal of or changes in tax benefits, incentives and subsidies or anti-dumping duties levied by India or other countries, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Further, regulatory requirements with respect to our products and the products of our customers are subject to change. An adverse change in the regulations governing the development of our products and use of products by our customers may have an adverse impact on our operations. We may be required to alter our manufacturing, sales & distribution process and target new markets and incur capital expenditure to achieve compliance with such new regulatory requirements applicable to us. We cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with such regulatory requirements. For details regarding certain key regulations applicable to our business in India, please see section titled “ _Key Regulations and Policies in India_ ” on page 196. If we fail to comply with new statutory or regulatory requirements, there could be a delay in the submission or grant of approval for manufacturing and marketing new products or we may be required to withdraw existing products from the market. Moreover, if we fail to comply with the various conditions attached to such approvals, licenses, registrations, and permissions once received, the relevant regulatory body may suspend, curtail, or revoke our ability to market such products and/ or we may be deemed to be in breach of our arrangements with our customers. Consequently, there is an inherent risk that we may inadvertently fail to comply with such regulations, which could lead to enforced shutdowns and other sanctions imposed by the relevant authorities, as well as the 

49 

withholding or delay in receipt of regulatory approvals for our new products, which may adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_33. The objects of the Offer include funding long-term working capital requirements of our Company and investment in Material Subsidiary for its long-term working capital requirements which are based on certain assumptions and estimates._** 

The objects of the Offer include funding long-term working capital requirements and investment in Material Subsidiary for its long-term working capital requirements which are based on management estimates and certain assumptions in relation to inter alia sales of our products in the future, the cost and holding periods of inventories of raw materials and finished goods as well as capacity utilisation. For further details, please see section titled “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 104. The working capital requirements and deployment of funds may be subject to change due to factors beyond our control including force majeure conditions, an increase in defaults by our customers, availability of funding from banks or financial institutions. Accordingly, such working capital requirements and deployment of proceeds may not be indicative of the actual requirements of our Company and its Subsidiary in the future and investors are advised to not place undue reliance on such estimates of future working capital requirements. 

**_34. The amount of non-controlling interest in our audited consolidated Ind AS financial statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2022, has been revised in our Restated Consolidated Financial Information_** 

Our Material Subsidiary _viz._ BDJ Oxides completed the buyback of its equity shares in the month of November 2021, pursuant to which the shareholding of our Company in BDJ Oxides increased from ~75% to ~95% thereby reducing the non-controlling interest portion from ~25% to ~5%. However, consequent upon change in shareholding pattern, the amount of non-controlling interest in the audited consolidated Ind AS financial statements of our Company for the year ended March 31, 2022, was not revised prior to the finalization of the audited consolidated Ind AS financial statements for the financial year March 31, 2022 and was erroneously calculated on non-controlling interest portion of ~25%. The said audited consolidated Ind AS financial statements for the financial year March 31, 2022 were adopted by the board of directors of our Company at its meeting held on August 18, 2022 and the shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company held on September 8, 2022 and has been filed with the RoC in form AOC-4 as a part of compliance under the Companies Act. 

The said error was identified at the time of finalization of the Restated Consolidated Financial Information and the amount of non-controlling interest has been revised from ₹ 136.53 million and now recorded correctly at ₹ 40.20 million for the year ended March 31, 2022 in the Restated Consolidation Financial Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further details, please see section titled “ _Financial Information_ ” on page 241. While we believe that this error was inadvertent and subsequently rectified in the Restated Consolidated Financial Information, we have not done so for the aforementioned audited consolidated Ind AS financial statements. While no action has been initiated in this regard, we cannot assure you that action will not be initiated in the future and any adverse action as a consequence could have a material adverse effect on our business and our financial conditions. 

# **_35. Our performance may be adversely affected if we do not manage our inventory or working capital successfully._** 

We conduct business with our customers primarily on the basis of purchase orders that are placed from time to time. Consequently, there is no commitment on the part of such customers to continue to place new purchase orders with us and as a result, our revenue and consequent cash flow may fluctuate significantly from time to time. The fluctuation in demand for our products may either require us to increase production or decrease production and/ or inventories at a short notice, which may result in us bearing additional costs and incurring losses. While we maintain a reasonable level of inventory of raw materials, work in progress and finished goods, if we underestimate demand or have inadequate production and/or storage capacity due to which we are unable to meet the demand for our products, we may end up manufacturing lesser quantities of products than required, which could result in the loss of business. We have implemented tally software, pursuant to which various financial, analytical and MIS reports are generated to evaluate our inventory balances of materials based on shelf life, expected sourcing levels, known uses and anticipated demand based on estimated customer order activity. Efficient inventory management is important to our business and in order to be successful, we must maintain sufficient inventory levels to meet our customers’ demands, without allowing those levels to increase to such an extent that the costs associated with storing and holding other inventory adversely affects our results of operations. If a customer defaults in making its payment on a product to which we have devoted significant resources, it may also affect our profitability and liquidity and decrease the capital resources that are otherwise available for other uses. All of these factors may result in increase in our working capital requirements. If we are unable to meet our 

50 

working capital needs, or secure other financing when needed, on acceptable commercial terms or at all, it may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_36. Our inability to successfully implement some or all our business strategies in a timely manner or at all could have an adverse effect on our business. Further, our inability to effectively manage any of these issues may adversely affect our business growth and, as a result, impact our businesses, financial condition and results of operations._** 

As part of our strategy aimed towards business growth and improvement of market position, we intend to implement several business strategies, which include: 

- Expand our production capacities and broadening the footprint of manufacturing operations; 

- Further diversify our product offerings and enter new verticals; 

- Deep mining of existing customers and continued focus to expand customer base; and 

- Increasing focus on R&D to support complex chemistries, product innovation and cost efficiencies. 

For further details, please see section titled “ _Our Business – Strategies_ ” on page 185. 

Our strategies may not succeed due to various factors, including our inability and failure to develop new products and services with sufficient growth potential as per the changing market preferences and trends, our failure to effectively market new products and services or foresee challenges with respect to our business initiatives, our failure to sufficiently upgrade our infrastructure, machines, automation, equipment and technology as required to cater to the requirement of changing demand and market preferences, our failure to maintain quality and consistency in our operations or to ensure scaling of our operations to correspond with our strategy and customer demand, changes in GoI policy or regulation, our inability to respond to regular competition, and other operational and management difficulties. Any failure on our part to implement our strategy due to many reasons as attributed aforesaid could be detrimental to our long-term business outlook and our growth prospects and may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further details of our strategies, please see section titled “ _Our Business_ ” on page 179. 

Further, our ability to sustain growth depends primarily upon our ability to manage issues such as our ability to sustain existing relationships with our customers, ability to obtain raw materials at current or better prices, ability to compete effectively, ability to scaling up our operations, adhering to high quality and execution standards, our ability to expand our manufacturing capabilities and our presence in India as well as globally, the effectiveness of our marketing initiatives, selecting and retaining skilled personnel. Sustained growth also puts pressure on our ability to effectively manage and control historical and emerging risks. Our inability to effectively manage any of these issues and implement our business strategies may adversely affect our business growth and, as a result, impact our businesses, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_37. If we are unable to establish and maintain an effective internal controls and compliance system, our business and reputation could be adversely affected._** 

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal measures commensurate with the size and complexity of operations. Our internal audit functions make an evaluation of the adequacy and effectiveness of internal systems on an ongoing basis so that our operations adhere to our policies, compliance requirements and internal guidelines. We periodically test and update our internal processes and systems and there have been no past material instances of failure to maintain effective internal controls and compliance system. However, we are exposed to operational risks arising from the potential inadequacy or failure of internal processes or systems, and our actions may not be sufficient to ensure effective internal checks and balances in all circumstances. 

We take reasonable steps to maintain appropriate procedures for compliance and disclosure and to maintain effective internal controls over our financial reporting so that we produce reliable financial reports and prevent financial fraud. As risks evolve and develop, internal controls must be reviewed on an ongoing basis. Maintaining such internal controls requires human diligence and compliance and is therefore subject to lapses in judgment and failures that result from human error. Any lapses in judgment or failures that result from human error can affect the accuracy of our financial reporting, resulting in a loss of investor confidence and a decline in the price of our equity shares. 

Further, our operations are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations. These laws generally prohibit us and our employees and intermediaries from bribing, being bribed or making other prohibited payments to government 

51 

officials or other persons to obtain or retain business or gain some other business advantage. Our collaborations with agents to sell our products and relationships with third parties whose actions could potentially subject us to liability under these laws or other local anti-corruption laws. While our code of conduct requires our employees and intermediaries to comply with all applicable laws, and we continue to enhance our policies and procedures in an effort to ensure compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations, these measures may not prevent the breach of such anti-corruption laws, as there are risks of such breaches in emerging markets, such as India, including within the chemicals sector. If we, or persons engaged by, or representing us, are not in compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement and other sanctions and remedial measures, and legal expenses, which could have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. Likewise, any investigation of any potential violations of anti-corruption laws by the relevant authorities could also have an adverse impact on our business and reputation. 

# **_38. Our Promoters and certain of our Directors may be interested in our Company other than remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Our Promoters and certain of our Directors, while managing the day to day operations, are interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses, to the extent of their shareholding and benefits such as dividends arising therefrom and benefit arising from purchase of property. Our Directors may also be interested to the extent of any transaction entered into by our Company with any other company/firm/entity in which they are director/promoter/partner. While our Promoters and Directors believe that they act in the benefit and best interest of our Company, we cannot assure you that they will continue to do so. For details, please see sections titled “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group_ ” and “ _Our Management_ ” on pages 230 and 208, respectively. Also please see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Information- Note no. 38 - Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 274. 

**_39. Our Promoters, Directors, Subsidiary and Group Companies are in businesses similar to ours and have interests in certain companies, which are in similar businesses to ours, and this may result in potential conflict of interest with us._** 

A potential conflict of interest may occur between our Promoters, Directors, Subsidiary and Group Companies which may have interest in companies in the similar line of business as our Company. For example, BDJ Oxides Private Limited, which is one of our Subsidiary, BDJ Impex Private Limited, one of our Group Companies have certain common pursuits with our Company **_._** While presently these businesses do not compete with our Company, and accordingly there is no conflict of interest, we cannot assure you that our Promoters, Directors, their related entities and our Group Companies will not compete with us in the future. While our Company will adopt necessary procedures and practices as permitted by law to address any conflict situation as and when they arise, we cannot assure you that these or other conflicts of interest will be resolved in an impartial manner. 

# **_40. Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of data security could adversely affect our business._** 

We depend upon information technology systems and third party software, including internet-based systems, for our business operations, and these systems facilitate the flow of real-time information across departments and allows us to make information driven decisions and manage performance. The size and complexity of our computer systems make them potentially vulnerable to breakdown, malicious intrusion and computer viruses. While we have not experienced any significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of data security, any such disruption may result in the loss of key information and disrupt our operations. In addition, our systems are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches, whether by employees or others that may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. Such data security breaches could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property or could lead to the public exposure of personal information (including sensitive personal information) of our employees, customers and others. 

**_41. We may not be able to secure additional funding in the future. In the event our Company is unable to obtain sufficient funding, it may delay our growth plans and have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows and financial condition._** 

From time to time, our Company’s plans may change due to changing circumstances, new business developments, new challenges or investment opportunities or unforeseen contingencies. If our plans change or if we are required to adapt to changing circumstances or business realities, our Company may need to obtain additional financing to 

52 

meet inter alia capital expenditure. Such financing may be in the form of debt funding, which may be raised through borrowings from commercial banks, issue of debentures or other debt securities. If we raise funds in future by incurring additional debt, the interest and debt repayment obligations of our Company will increase, and we may be subject to supplementary or new covenants, which could limit our ability to access cash flow from operations and/or other means of financing. Moreover, these additional funds could come at a higher cost which may impact our profitability. Further, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain adequate financing to fund future capital requirements on acceptable terms, in time. 

# **_42. Any downgrade of our debt ratings could adversely affect our business._** 

As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have received the following latest credit ratings on our debt facilities: 

|**Particulars**|**Inst**<br>**ra**|**rument**<br>**ting typ**|**or**<br>**e**|**Total Amount of**<br>**bank loan facilities**<br>**(in ₹ million)**|**Date**|**Ratings**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|J.G.Chemicals<br>Limited|Long<br>based|term|fund|600.00|August 29, 2023|CRISIL A-/ Stable|
||Short<br>based|term|fund|||CRISIL A2+|
|BDJ<br>Oxides<br>Private Limited|Long<br>based|term|fund|1,100.00|August 29, 2023|CRISIL A-/ Stable|
||Short<br>based|term|fund|||CRISIL A2+|



Our credit rating reflects, amongst other things, the rating agency’s opinion of our financial strength, operating performance, strategic position, and our ability to meet our repayment obligations in a timely manner. Our inability to obtain such credit rating in a timely manner or any non-availability of credit ratings, or poor ratings, or any downgrade in our ratings may increase borrowing costs and constrain our access to capital and lending markets and, as a result, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, non-availability of credit ratings could increase the possibility of additional terms and conditions being added to any new or replacement financing arrangements. 

# **_43. Delays or defaults in payments from our customers could result in reduction of our profits._** 

Credit risk is the risk of financial loss that we face if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations. In the ordinary course of business, we provide our customers with certain credit periods as part of our payment terms. While we generally limit the credit we extend to our customers based on their financial condition and payment history, we may still experience losses because of a customer being unable to pay. We are exposed to credit risk from our operating activities, primarily from trade receivables. The average receivable days as of December 31, 2023 was 52 days. As of nine months period ended December 31, 2023 and as at March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021, we had outstanding trade receivables aggregating ₹ 943.23 million, ₹ 1,156.09 million, ₹ 947.71 million and ₹ 897.95 million, respectively, constituting 19.39%, 14.74%, 15.46% and 20.63%, respectively, of our revenue from operations during the respective periods. Further, our trade receivable turnover ratio as of nine months period ended December 31, 2023 and as at March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 was 5.16 times, 6.79 times, 6.47 times and 4.85 times, respectively. Further, as of nine months period ended December 31, 2023 and as at March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021, trade receivables aggregating to ₹8.73 million, ₹ 3.45 million, ₹ 9.64 million and ₹ 10.06 million, were due for more than 6 months. 

Our results of operations and profitability depends on the credit worthiness of our customers. Certain of these customers may have weak credit histories and we cannot assure that these counterparties will always be able to pay us in a timely manner, or at all. Any adverse change in the financial condition of our customers may adversely affect their ability to make payments to us. Further, any increase in our receivable turnover days or write-offs will negatively affect our business. Any default or delays in payment of receivables by our customers may have adverse effect on cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

53 

# **_44. Our contingent liabilities could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The table below sets forth details of contingent liabilities as of the last three Fiscals: 

|**Particulars**|**Nine months**<br>**period ended**<br>**December 31,**<br>**2023**|**As of March 31,**<br>**2023**|**As of March 31,**<br>**2022**|_(in ₹ million)_<br>**As of March**<br>**31, 2021**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Disputed amount of Sales Tax /<br>VAT|16.61|16.61|7.63|8.58|
|Entry Tax|0.87|36.91|36.91|36.91|
|Total|**17.48**|**53.52 **|**44.54 **|**45.49**|



While most of these contingent liabilities have been incurred in the normal course of business, if these were to fully materialize or materialize at a level higher than we expect, it may materially and adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. For further details, please see section titled “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Note no. 39- Contingent Liabilities_ ” on page 278. Further, we cannot assure you that we will not incur similar or increased levels of contingent liabilities in the future. 

# **_45. Fraud, theft, employee negligence or similar incidents may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our operations may be subject to incidents of theft or damage to inventory in transit and prior to or during warehouse stocking. While we have not experienced any instance of theft, fraud, employee negligence and resultant loss in the past, the business may encounter some inventory loss on account of employee theft, vendor fraud and general administrative error, in the future. While we have obtained the burglary insurance policy, we cannot assure you that we will not experience any fraud, theft, employee negligence, security lapse, loss in transit or similar incidents in the future, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition and that the current insurance will be sufficient to cover the losses. Additionally, losses due to theft, fire, breakage or damage caused by other casualties, theft of confidential information such as manufacturing processes, customers and product formulations, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, we closely monitor our employees to check any misconduct, including acts of bribery, corruption or fraud by employees or executives, but such acts could include binding us to transactions that exceed authorized limits or present unacceptable risks, or they may hide unauthorized or unlawful activities from us, which may result in substantial financial losses and damage to our reputation and loss of business from our customers. Employee or executive misconduct could also involve the improper use or disclosure of confidential information, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious reputational or financial harm, including harm to our brand. It is not always possible to deter employee or executive misconduct and the precautions taken and systems put in place to prevent and detect such activities may not be effective in all cases. Any instances of such misconduct could adversely affect our business and our reputation. 

# **_46. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the Shareholders._** 

We have in the course of our business entered into, and will continue to enter into, several transactions with our related parties. For further details, please see section titled “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Information- Note no. 38- Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 274. 

While all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, in compliance with Companies Act, 2013 and other applicable laws, we cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. The transactions we have entered into and any further transactions that we may enter into with our related parties could potentially involve conflicts of interest which may be detrimental to us. Although all related party transactions that we may enter into post-listing, will be subject to board or shareholder approval, as necessary under the Companies Act, 2013, as amended and the SEBI Listing Regulations, we cannot assure you that such transactions in the future, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

54 

**_47. We have a high working capital requirement and if we are unable to raise sufficient working capital our operations will be adversely affected._** 

Our business operations are subject to high working capital requirements. Currently, we meet our working capital requirements through a mix of internal accruals and working capital facilities from scheduled commercial banks. As on January 31, 2024, we had sanctioned working capital facilities aggregating ₹ 1,486.00 million of which ₹ 330.50 million is outstanding. While we believe that our internal accruals and working capital facilities availed from our lenders will be sufficient to address our working capital requirements, we cannot assure you that we will continue to generate sufficient internal accruals and / or be able to raise adequate working capital from lenders to address our future needs. Our inability to meet our present or enhanced working capital requirements will have an adverse impact on our results of operation, business and financial condition. For further details pertaining to our present working capital position, please see sections titled “ _Financial Indebtedness”_ and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation”_ beginning on pages 328 and 296, respectively. 

**_48. Our insurance coverage may not adequately protect us against all losses or the insurance cover may not be available for all the losses as per the insurance policy, which could adversely affect business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our operations are subject to various risks inherent to the chemicals industry and to the sale and maintaining inventory of products, as well as other risks such as theft, robbery, acts of terrorism and other force majeure events. As of nine months period ended December 31, 2023 and Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021, we carried an insurance coverage of ₹1,563.09 million, ₹ 1,499.06 million, ₹ 1,396.68 million and ₹1,005.23 million, respectively with coverage ratio of 1.33, 1.07, 1.18 and 1.41 times, respectively of the net assets of our Company. 

While we believe that the insurance coverage which we maintain would be reasonably adequate to cover the normal risks associated with the operation of our business, to the extent that we suffer loss or damage, for which we have not obtained or maintained insurance, or which is not covered by insurance, which exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. In addition, our insurance policies expire from time to time and we may not be able to renew our policies in a timely manner, or at acceptable cost or at all. In case any uninsured loss occurs, we could lose our investment in, as well as anticipated profits and cash flows from the asset. In addition, even if any such loss is insured, there may be a significant deductible on any claim for recovery prior to our insurer being obligated to reimburse us for the loss, or the amount of the loss may exceed our coverage for the loss. 

We cannot assure you that, in the future, any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. Further, an insurance claim once made could lead to an increase in our insurance premium, result in higher deductibles and also require us to spend towards addressing certain covenants specified by the insurance companies. 

**_49. Information relating to the installed manufacturing capacity of our manufacturing facility included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates and future production and capacity may vary._** 

Information relating to the historical installed capacity of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus is based on various assumptions and estimates of our management, sanctioned capacities approved by the state pollution control board and certificate issued by Jayam Consultants Private Limited, Independent Chartered Engineer. Actual production volumes and capacity utilisation rates may differ significantly from the estimated production capacities and capacity utilisation of our manufacturing facilities. Investors should therefore not place undue reliance on our installed capacity information for our existing manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

For details of certain information relating to our capacity utilisation of all our manufacturing facilities, calculated on the basis of total installed production capacity and actual production as of/ for the periods, please see section titled “ _Our Business – Capacity and Capacity Utilisation_ ” on page 190. 

**_50. Our manufacturing facilities are dependent on adequate and uninterrupted supply of electricity, water and fuel. Any shortage or non-availability of such essential utilities could lead to disruption in operations, higher operating cost and consequent decline in our operating margins._** 

55 

Our Company is heavily dependent on continuous supply of electricity, other fuel and water which are critical to our manufacturing operations. During the nine months period ended December 31, 2023 and Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021, the cost of power and fuel was ₹ 184.25 million, ₹ 258.08 million, ₹ 195.82 million and ₹ 129.63 million, for each respective period which accounted for 3.79%, 3.29%, 3.20% and 2.98% of our revenue from operations, respectively. While we have entered into agreements with local electricity distribution companies for the supply of electricity and maintain diesel-generator sets, we cannot assure you that these will be sufficient and, or, that we will not face a shortage of electricity despite these arrangements. Any shortage or non-availability of essential utilities could result in temporary shut-down of a part, or all, of our operations at the location experiencing such shortage. Such shut-downs could, particularly if they are for prolonged periods, have an adverse effect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, if we are required to operate for extended periods of time on diesel generator sets or if we are required to source water from third parties, our cost of operations would be higher during such period which could have an adverse impact on our profitability. Further, we currently source our water from local water supply body and there can be no assurance that such supply will not be adversely impacted in the future. Any failure on our part to obtain alternate sources of electricity, fuel, or water, in a timely manner, and at an acceptable cost, may cause a slowdown or interruption to our production process and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, the recent increase in the prices of fuel and electricity may result in an increase in our electricity and fuel expenses which may have increase our operating cost in general and may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_51. Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus contain information from CARE Report, which has been commissioned and paid for by our Company and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in the Offer is subject to inherent risks._** 

Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus include information based on, or derived from, the CARE Report or extracts of the CARE Report prepared by CARE Analytics and Advisory Private Limited, which is not related to our Company, Directors or Promoters. We commissioned and paid for this report for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with the Offer. All such information in this Red Herring Prospectus indicates the CARE Report as its source. Accordingly, any information in this Red Herring Prospectus derived from, or based on, the CARE Report should be read taking into consideration the foregoing. 

Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Further, the CARE Report is not a recommendation to invest / disinvest in any company covered in the CARE Report. Accordingly, prospective investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on this information. 

In view of the foregoing, you may not be able to seek legal recourse for any losses resulting from undertaking any investment in the Offer pursuant to reliance on the information in this Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the CARE Report. You should consult your own advisors and undertake an independent assessment of information in this Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the CARE Report before making any investment decision regarding the Offer. Please see section titled “ _Industry Overview_ ” on page 133. For the disclaimers associated with the CARE Report, please see section titled “ _Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information and Market Data and Currency of Presentation – Industry and Market Data_ ” on page 17. 

**_52. We have included certain financial and operational performance indicators, non-GAAP measures and certain other industry measures related to our operations and financial performance. These operational metrics, nonGAAP measures and industry measures may not be comparable with financial or industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other peer companies._** 

We have included certain financial and operational performance indicators, including EBITDA, EBITDA Margin, PAT, PAT Margin, Net Worth, Net Debt, Debt Equity Ratio, Return on Equity and Return on Capital Employed (collectively, the “ **Key Performance Indicators** ” or “ **KPI** ”) in this Red Herring Prospectus. The KPIs are supplemental measures of our operations and financial performance and are not required by, or presented in accordance with, Ind AS, Indian GAAP, IFRS or U.S. GAAP, and are prepared with internal systems and tools that are not independently verified by any third party and which may differ from estimates or similar metrics published by third parties due to differences in sources, methodologies, or the assumptions on which we rely. Our internal systems and tools have a number of limitations and our methodologies for tracking these metrics may change over time, which could result in unexpected changes to our metrics, including the metrics we publicly disclose. If the internal systems and tools we use to track these metrics under count or over count performance or 

56 

contain algorithmic or other technical errors, the data we report may not be accurate. While these numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable estimates of our measures for the applicable period of measurement. Limitations or errors with respect to how we measure data or with respect to the data that we measure may affect our understanding of certain details of our business and financial operations. Also, please see section titled “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Key Performance Indicators_ ” and “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on pages 301 and 122. 

Further, the KPI are not a measurement of our operations and financial performance under Ind AS or IFRS and should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to cash flows, profit/ (loss) for the year/ period or any other measure of financial performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity, profitability or cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities derived in accordance with Ind AS or IFRS, as reported in our Restated Consolidated Financial Information. Although such KPI are not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with applicable accounting standards, our Company’s management believes that they are useful to an investor in evaluating us as they are widely used measures to evaluate a company’s operating performance. The KPI may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to financial measures of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other companies and are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by Ind AS and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies and has limited usefulness as a comparative measure. 

# **_53. Our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of Net Proceeds have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution or any other independent agency and are based on management estimates._** 

Our funding requirements set out in the section titled ‘ _Objects of the Offer’_ beginning on page 104 are based on management estimates and have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution or any other independent agency. Our funding requirements are based on our current business plan and may vary based on various factors including macro-economic and other changes. In view of the dynamic nature of the industry in which we operate, we may have to revise our business plan from time to time and, consequently, the funding requirement and the utilisation of proceeds from the Offer may also change. This may also include rescheduling the proposed utilisation of Net Proceeds at the discretion of our management. Moreover, we have also not entered into definitive agreements to utilise the proceeds from the Offer for certain objects of the Offer. We may make necessary changes to utilisation of Net Proceeds in compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act. In the event of any variation in actual utilisation of the Net Proceeds, any increased fund deployment for a particular activity may be met from funds earmarked from any other activity and/or from our internal accruals. Further, any such revision in the estimates may require us to revise our projected expenditure which may have a bearing on our profitability. 

# **_54. Any variation in the utilisation of our Net Proceeds would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior Shareholders’ approval._** 

We propose to utilise the Net Proceeds towards repayment/ prepayment, in full or part, of certain borrowings availed of by our Material Subsidiary, funding capital expenditure requirements for setting-up R&D centre, funding long-term working capital requirements of our Material Subsidiary, funding long-term working capital requirements of our Company and general corporate purposes. For further details of the proposed objects of the Offer, please see section titled “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 104. We cannot determine with any certainty if we would require the Net Proceeds to meet any other expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of the competitive environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. However, we have not entered into any definitive agreements and do not have any definite and specific commitments towards the aforementioned purposes for which our Company intends to use the Net Proceeds. Further, the Net Proceeds are intended to be utilised by the Company only and none of the members of our Promoter Group or Group Companies will receive any portion of the Net Proceeds. The planned use of the Net Proceeds is based on current conditions and is subject to changes in external circumstances, costs, other financial conditions or business strategies. Any variation in the planned use of the Net Proceeds would require Shareholders’ approval by passing a special resolution and our Promoters will be required to provide an exit opportunity to the Shareholders who do not agree to such proposal to vary the objects and may involve considerable time or cost overrun and in such an eventuality it may adversely affect our operations or business. 

57 

**_55. We intend to utilise a portion of the Net Proceeds for funding our capital expenditure requirements for settingup a research and development centre at our Naidupeta Facility, Andhra Pradesh and if the costs of setting up and the risk of unanticipated delays in implementation and cost overruns related to the said upgradation are higher than expected, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects._** 

We intend to utilise a portion of the Net Proceeds for funding our capital expenditure requirements for setting up a research and development centre situated within the premises of our manufacturing facility in Naidupeta, Andhra Pradesh. We have estimated the total cost of such capital expenditure to be ₹ 60.58 million. For further details of the proposed objects of the Offer, please see section titled “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 104. Further, we have not entered into any definitive agreements to utilise the Net Proceeds for this object of the Offer and have relied on the quotations received from third parties for estimation of the cost. 

The upgradation of our research and development centre is based on management estimates and current conditions and is subject to change, owing to prospective changes in external circumstances, costs, and other financial conditions. There could be delays in the said upgradation as a result of, among other things, requirement of obtaining approvals from statutory or regulatory authorities, contractors’ or external agencies’ failure to perform in a timely manner or at all, exchange rate fluctuations, unforeseen engineering problems, disputes with workers, increase in input costs of construction materials and labour costs, incremental preoperative expenses, taxes and duties, interest and finance charges, cost escalation and/or force majeure events (including the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic), any of which could give rise to cost overruns and delays in our implementation schedules. If our actual capital expenditures on this significantly exceed our budgets, or even if our budgets were sufficient to cover this project, we may not be able to achieve the intended economic benefits of such R&D centre, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. We cannot assure you that we will be able to complete the upgradation of the R&D centre in accordance with the proposed schedule of implementation and any delay could have an adverse impact on our growth, prospects, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_56. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked instruments by us may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering of Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares including through exercise of employee stock options, may lead to the dilution of investors shareholdings in our Company. 

Any future equity issuances by us or sales of our Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will not issue Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares or that our shareholders will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

# **_57. The requirements of being a publicly listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a publicly listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the compliance requirement or the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the SEBI Listing Regulations, which will require us to file audited annual and limited reviewed quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition, in addition to various other compliances which will entail incurring costs. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. 

Further, as a publicly listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal 

58 

and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

**_58. We cannot assure payment of dividends on the Equity Shares in the future. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon our earnings, financial condition, cash flows and capital requirements._** 

Our ability to pay dividends depends on our earnings, financial condition, cash flows, capital requirements, applicable Indian legal restrictions and other factors. We may decide to retain all of our earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business and, therefore, may not declare dividends on our Equity Shares. We may, in the future, be restricted by the terms of our loan agreements, from making any dividend payments, unless otherwise agreed upon by our lenders. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. For further details on our dividend policy and dividends paid, please see section titled “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 240. Additionally, the Finance Act, 2020 provides, among other things, a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime, including, without limitation, a simplified alternate direct tax regime and that dividend distribution tax, will not be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident and are likely be subject to tax deduction at source. Our Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source from such dividend. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. 

**_59. We will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. The Selling Shareholders will receive the net proceeds from the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer consists of a Fresh Issue and an Offer for Sale. The Selling Shareholders shall be entitled to the net proceeds from the Offer for Sale, which comprises proceeds from the Offer for Sale net of Offer expenses shared by the Selling Shareholders, and we will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. For further details, please see section titled “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” and “ _Capital Structure_ ” on pages 104 and 89, respectively. 

**_60. The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by our Selling Shareholders could be lower than the floor price._** 

Our Selling Shareholders’ average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares in our Company may be lower than the Floor Price of the Price Band as may be decided by the Company in consultation with the BRLMs. For further details regarding average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by our Selling Shareholders in our Company and built-up of Equity Shares by our Selling Shareholders in our Company, please see section titled “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 89. 

# **External Risk Factors** 

# **_61. We are subject to regulatory, economic, social and political uncertainties and other factors beyond our control._** 

We are incorporated in India and we conduct our corporate affairs and manufacturing activities in India. Our Equity Shares are proposed to be listed and traded on BSE and NSE. Consequently, our business, operations, financial performance and the market price of our Equity Shares will be affected by the following external risks, should any of them materialize: 

- changes in exchange rates and controls; 

- macroeconomic factors and central bank regulation, including in relation to interest rates movements which may in turn adversely impact our access to capital and increase our borrowing costs; 

- decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves which may affect liquidity in the Indian economy; 

- downgrading of India’s sovereign debt rating by rating agencies; 

- political instability, resulting from a change in government or in economic and fiscal policies; 

- civil unrest, acts of violence, regional conflicts or situations or war may adversely affect the financial markets; 

- any scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse effect on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing for our expansions; or 

- natural calamities and force majeure events. 

The Government of India has exercised and continues to exercise significant influence over many aspects of the Indian economy. Indian governments have generally pursued policies of economic liberalization and financial 

59 

sector reforms, including by relaxing restrictions on the private sector. Nevertheless, the role of the Indian central and state governments in the Indian economy as producers, consumers and regulators has remained significant and we cannot assure you that such liberalization policies will continue. A significant change in India’s policy of economic liberalization and deregulation or any social or political uncertainties could adversely affect business and economic conditions in India generally and our business and prospects. 

# **_62. A slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer._** 

Our performance and the growth of our business are necessarily dependent on the health of the overall Indian economy. Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy or future volatility in global commodity prices could adversely affect our business. Additionally, an increase in trade deficit, a downgrading in India’s sovereign debt rating or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively affect interest rates and liquidity, which could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business. In particular, the COVID-19 pandemic caused an economic downturn in India and globally. The second wave of COVID-19 infections impacted India in April, May and June 2021. Any downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India could also adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

India’s economy could be adversely affected by a general rise in interest rates or inflation, adverse weather conditions affecting agriculture, commodity and energy prices as well as various other factors. A slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect the policy of the GoI towards our industry, which may in turn adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to implement our business strategy. 

The Indian economy is also influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market conditions in Asia. A decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves and exchange rate fluctuations may also affect liquidity and interest rates in the Indian economy, which could adversely impact our financial condition. A loss of investor confidence in other emerging market economies or any worldwide financial instability may adversely affect the Indian economy, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Further, other factors which may adversely affect the Indian economy are scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing of our expansions; volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies, like application of GST; political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; occurrence of natural or man-made disasters; infectious disease outbreaks or other serious public health concerns; prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; and other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India or its financial services sectors. 

# **_63. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia, Russia and elsewhere in the world in recent years has adversely affected the Indian economy. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. Significant political, regulatory and economic uncertainty remains about how the precise terms of the relationship between the parties will differ from the terms before withdrawal, and more generally, as to the impact of Brexit on the general economic conditions in the United Kingdom and the European economies and any consequential impact on global financial markets. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby negatively affect the Indian economy. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term effect of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. Further, prolonged Russia-Ukraine conflict that is currently impacting, inter alia, global trade, prices of oil and gas and could have an inflationary impact on the Indian economy. 

Any significant financial disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a 

60 

possible slowdown in the Chinese economy as well as a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. 

We could also be affected by the introduction of or increase in the levy of import tariffs in India, or in the countries to which we export our products, or changes in trade agreements between countries. For instance, the government of India has imposed additional tariffs in the nature of countervailing duty and anti-dumping duty on a number of items imported from China. Any such measure which affects our raw material supply or reciprocal duties imposed on Indian products by China or other countries may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

These developments, or the perception that any related developments could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_64. Changing regulations in India could lead to new compliance requirements that are uncertain._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and is subject to change. The GoI may implement new laws or other regulations and policies that could affect our business in general, which could lead to new compliance requirements, including requiring us to obtain approvals and licenses from the Government and other regulatory bodies, or impose onerous requirements. 

For instance, the GoI has recently introduced (a) the Code on Wages, 2019; (b) the Code on Social Security, 2020; (c) the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020; and (d) the Industrial Relations Code, 2020 which consolidate, subsume and replace numerous existing central labour legislations. While the GoI has already finalised the rules under these codes and now states are framing regulations on their part as labour is a concurrent subject, we are yet to determine the impact of all or some of such laws on our business and operations which may restrict our ability to grow our business in the future and increase our expenses. In the absence of any precedents on the subject, the application of these provisions is uncertain and may or may not have an adverse tax impact on us. 

Similarly, changes in other laws may require additional compliances and/or result in us incurring additional expenditure. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. For instance, the Supreme Court of India has in a decision clarified the components of basic wages which need to be considered by companies while making provident fund payments, which resulted in an increase in the provident fund payments to be made by companies. Further, as of December 31, 2023, we had a total of112 permanent employees. Our permanent employees are employed by us and are entitled to statutory employment benefits, such as defined benefit gratuity plan, among others. In addition to our full-time employees, we empanel agencies for our outsourcing requirements and also engage persons on a contractual basis. We are subject to various labor laws and regulations governing our relationships with our employees and contractors, including in relation to minimum wages, working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and terminating the contracts of employees and contractors, contract labor and work permits. 

Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. 

61 

**_65. Natural calamities, climate change and health epidemics and pandemics such as COVID-19 could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

India has experienced natural calamities, such as earthquakes, tsunamis and floods in recent years. Natural calamities could have an adverse impact on the Indian economy which, in turn, could adversely affect our business, and may damage or destroy our manufacturing and R&D facilities or other assets. Any of these natural calamities could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

A number of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to contagious diseases and, for example, have had confirmed cases of the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and monkey pox. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic, has caused a worldwide health crisis and economic downturn. Any future outbreak of health epidemics may restrict the level of business activity in affected areas, which may, in turn, adversely affect our business. Please see section titled “ _Risk Factors_ - _The extent to which the outbreak of COVID – 19 could have an impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted_ ” on page 40. 

Our operations at our manufacturing facilities may be damaged or disrupted as a result of natural calamities. Such events may lead to the disruption of information systems and telecommunication services for sustained periods. They also may make it difficult or impossible for employees to reach our business locations. Damage or destruction that interrupts our provision of services could adversely affect our reputation, our relationships with our customers, our Senior Management team’s ability to administer and supervise our business or it may cause us to incur substantial additional expenditure to repair or replace damaged equipment or rebuild parts of our facilities. Any of the above factors may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. India has from time-to-time experienced instances of social, religious and civil unrest and hostilities between neighbouring countries. In case there are mass protests leading to civil unrest, such incidents could impact both our operations and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Military activity or terrorist attacks in the future could influence the Indian economy by disrupting communications and making travel more difficult and such political tensions could create a greater perception that investments in Indian companies involve higher degrees of risk. Events of this nature in the future, as well as social and civil unrest within other countries in Asia, could influence the Indian economy and could have a material adverse effect on the market for securities of Indian companies. 

# **_66. Inflation in India could have an adverse effect on our profitability and if significant, on our financial condition._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of transportation, wages, raw materials and other expenses relevant to our business. High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our customer, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or increase the price of our products to pass the increase in costs on to our customers. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Further, the GoI has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. We cannot assure you that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

# **_67. Significant differences exist between Ind-AS and other accounting principles, such as U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which may be material to the financial statements prepared and presented in accordance with Ind-AS contained in this Red Herring Prospectus._** 

Our Restated Consolidated Financial Information for the nine months period ended December 31, 2023 and financial years ended, March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 have been prepared and presented in accordance with IndAS. Ind-AS differs from accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries, such as U.S. GAAP and IFRS. Significant differences exist between Ind-AS, U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which may be material to the financial statements prepared and presented in accordance with Ind-AS contained 

62 

in this Red Herring Prospectus. Accordingly, the degree to which the financial information included in this Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is dependent on the prospective investor’s familiarity with Ind-AS and the Companies Act. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Ind-AS on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited. 

# **_68. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for more than 12 months may be subject to long-term capital gains tax in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as STT paid, the quantum of gains and any available treaty exemptions. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long-term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of STT, on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. Further, any gain realized on the sale of Equity Shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold other than on a recognized stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, will be subject to higher long term capital gains tax in India. While non-residents may claim tax treaty benefits in relation to such capital gains income, generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s right to impose tax on capital gains arising from the sale of shares of an Indian company. 

The Finance Act, 2020 (“ **Finance Act 2020** ”) had stipulated that the sale, transfer and issue of certain securities through exchanges, depositories or otherwise to be charged with stamp duty. The Finance Act 2020 also clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of certain securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of certain securities, other than debentures, on a delivery basis is currently specified under the Finance Act 2020 at 0.015% and on a nondelivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. These amendments have come into effect from July 1, 2020. Under the Finance Act 2020, any dividends paid by an Indian company is subject to tax in the hands of the shareholders at applicable rates. Such taxes are to be withheld by the Indian company paying dividends. Further, the Finance Act, 2020, which followed, removed the requirement for DDT to be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. The Bank may grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source pursuant to any corporate action including dividends subject to appropriate documentation provided by such non-resident shareholder. Investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors and to carefully consider the potential tax consequences of owning Equity Shares. 

Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. 

Further, we cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_69. Any adverse change in India’s credit rating by an international rating agency could materially adversely affect our business and profitability._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. India’s sovereign rating improved from Baa3 with a “negative” outlook to Baa3 with a “stable” outlook by Moody’s in October, 2021 and from BBB with a “stable” outlook to BBB- with a “stable” outlook by Fitch in June, 2022; and decreased from BBB to BBB “low” by DBRS in May, 2020. India’s sovereign rating from S&P is BBB- with a “stable” outlook in May 2021. India’s sovereign rating could be downgraded due to various factors, including changes in tax or fiscal policy or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves, which are outside our Company’s control. Any adverse change in India’s credit ratings by international rating agencies may adversely impact the Indian economy and consequently our ability to raise additional financing in a timely manner or at all, as well as the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing is available. This could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance, ability to obtain financing for capital expenditures and the price of the Equity Shares. 

63 

# **_70. Any volatility in exchange rates may lead to a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves and may affect liquidity and interest rates in the Indian economy, which could adversely impact us._** 

Foreign inflows into India have remained extremely volatile responding to concerns about the domestic macroeconomic landscape and changes in the global risk environment. The widening current account deficit has been attributed largely to the surge in gold and oil imports. The Indian rupee also faces challenges due to the volatile swings in capital flows. Further, there remains a possibility of intervention in the foreign exchange market to control volatility of the exchange rate. The need to intervene may result in a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves and subsequently reduce the amount of liquidity in the domestic financial system. This in turn could cause domestic interest rates to rise. Further, increased volatility in foreign flows may also affect monetary policy decision making. For instance, a period of net capital outflows might force the RBI to keep monetary policy tighter than optimal to guard against any abnormal currency depreciation. 

**_71. It may not be possible for investors outside India to enforce any judgment obtained outside India against our Company or our management or any of our associates or affiliates in India, except by way of a suit in India._** 

Our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and all our Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management reside in India. Further, significant portion of our assets, and the assets of our Key Managerial Personnel and Directors, are located in India. Where investors wish to enforce foreign judgments in India, they may face difficulties in enforcing such judgments. India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with only a limited number of jurisdictions, which includes the United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong. In order to be enforceable, a judgment from a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 (“ **Civil Code** ”). The Civil Code only permits the enforcement of monetary decrees, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or Directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. However, the party in whose favour such final judgment is rendered may bring a fresh suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in a non-reciprocating territory within three years of obtaining such final judgment. Further, there are considerable delays in the disposal of suits by Indian courts. It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis or to the same extent as was awarded in a final judgment rendered by a court in another jurisdiction if the Indian court believed that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy in India. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered pursuant to the execution of the judgment. 

**_72. A third party could be prevented from acquiring control of our Company because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian law._** 

There are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company, even if a change in control would result in the purchase of your Equity Shares at a premium to the market price or would otherwise be beneficial to you. Such provisions may discourage or prevent certain types of transactions involving actual or threatened change in control of our Company. Under the Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to its stakeholders, it is possible that such a takeover would not be attempted or consummated because of the Indian takeover regulations. 

**_73. After the Offer, the Equity Shares experience price and volume fluctuations, and active trading market for Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

An active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares shall be determined through a book- 

64 

building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results of our Company, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

# **_74. The Issue Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Issue._** 

The Issue Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company in consultation with the BRLMs through the Book Building Process and may not be indicative of prices that will prevail in the open market following the Issue. The market price of the Equity Shares may be influenced by many factors, which are beyond our control. As a result of these factors, we cannot assure you that the investors may not be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price. In addition, the stock market often experiences price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of a particular company. These broad market fluctuations and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of the Equity Shares, regardless of our Company’s performance. 

# **_75. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will be listed on the BSE and NSE in a timely manner or at all._** 

In accordance with Indian law and practice, permission for listing and trading of our Equity Shares will not be granted until after certain actions have been completed in relation to this Offer and until Allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to this Offer. In accordance with current regulations and circulars issued by SEBI, our Equity Shares are required to be listed on the BSE and NSE within such time as mandated under UPI Circulars, subject to any change in the prescribed timeline in this regard. However, we cannot assure you that the trading in our Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner or at all. Any failure or delay in obtaining final listing and trading approvals may restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares. 

# **_76. Investors may not be able to immediately sell any of the Equity Shares you subscribe to in this Offer on an Indian Stock Exchange._** 

The Equity Shares are proposed to be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to Indian regulations, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and commence trading, including the crediting of the Investors’ “demat” accounts within the timeline specified under applicable law. Furthermore, in accordance with Indian law, permission for listing of the Equity Shares will not be granted until after the Equity Shares in this Offer have been Allotted and submission of all other relevant documents authorising the issuing of the Equity Shares. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant and listing is expected to commence within the period as may be prescribed under applicable law. There could be failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approvals or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the prescribed time periods or at all which could restrict your ability to dispose of the Equity Shares. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

# **_77. Rights of shareholders under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors' fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders' rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders' rights under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders' rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

# **_78. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations which are currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the valuation and reporting 

65 

requirements specified under applicable law. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and does not fall under any of the exceptions, then prior approval of the relevant regulatory authority is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained with or without any particular terms or conditions. 

In terms of Press Note 3 of 2020, dated April 17, 2020, issued by the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (“ **DPIIT** ”), the FDI Policy has been recently modified to state that all investments under the foreign direct investment route by entities of a country which shares land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country will require prior approval of the GoI. Further, in the event of transfer of ownership of any existing or future foreign direct investment in an entity in India, directly or indirectly, resulting in the beneficial ownership falling within the aforesaid restriction/ purview, such subsequent change in the beneficial ownership will also require approval of the GoI. Furthermore, on April 22, 2020, the Ministry of Finance, GoI has also made similar amendment to the FEMA Rules. While the term “beneficial owner” is defined under the Prevention of Money-Laundering (Maintenance of Records) Rules, 2005 and the General Financial Rules, 2017, neither the foreign direct investment policy nor the FEMA Rules provide a definition of the term “beneficial owner”. The interpretation of “beneficial owner” and enforcement of this regulatory change involves certain uncertainties, which may have an adverse effect on our ability to raise foreign capital. Further, there is uncertainty regarding the timeline within which the said approval from the GoI may be obtained, if at all. For further details, please see section titled “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 389. 

**_79. Holders of Equity Shares could be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and could thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company incorporated in India must offer holders of its equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares who have voted on such resolution. However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without us filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. We may elect not to file a registration statement in relation to pre-emptive rights otherwise available by Indian law to you. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares, you may suffer future dilution of your ownership position and your proportional interests in us would be reduced. 

**_80. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid and Retail Individual Bidders are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after Bid/ Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. RIBs can revise or withdraw their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within such period as may be prescribed under applicable law, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

66 

