# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in the Equity Shares involves significant risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment decision in the Equity Shares. If any of the following risks or any of the other risks and uncertainties actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects could be impacted, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose significant part of your investment. These risks and uncertainties are not the only ones that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial, may in the future have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. This section should be read together with the sections titled “_ **_Our Business_** _” and “_ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_** _” on pages 165 and 319, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of details shared by us and the terms of this Offer, including the merits and risks involved and consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about particular consequences to them, of an investment in the Equity Shares._ 

_Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. See “_ **_Forward-Looking Statements_** _” on page 16._ 

_In this section, unless the context requires otherwise, any reference to the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refers to our Company, our Subsidiaries and our Associate. Unless otherwise stated, the financial information of our Company used in this section is derived from our Restated Financial Statements._ 

# **INTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

- **1** **_We are highly dependent on our healthcare professionals, including doctors that we engage on a consultancy basis, and our business and financial results could be impacted if we are not able to attract and retain such healthcare professionals._** 

Our operations depend on the efforts, ability and experience of our healthcare professionals, including our doctors, nurses, consultants and other medical staff at our hospitals. A majority of our doctors are not our employees. As of March 31, 2021, we had 1,137 doctors, of whom 647 were engaged on a consultancy basis and 230 were doctors under the DNB and post-doctoral fellowship student program. Some of our doctors do not work exclusively with us and are permitted to engage in private practice outside of our business and to work at hospitals that compete with us. The attrition rate for our healthcare professionals, which includes resident doctors (including DNB students), consultant doctors, nursing staff (including interns) and paramedical personnel, for Fiscal Years 2019, 2020 and 2021 was 39.7%, 39.0% and 51.6%, respectively. The higher attrition rate in Fiscal Year 2021 was primarily due to higher attrition in nursing staff. 

Our performance and the execution of our business strategies depend substantially on our ability to attract, recruit and retain leading healthcare professionals in a particular specialty or in a region relevant to our growth plans. We compete with other healthcare services providers in recruiting and retaining trained healthcare professionals, which are in shortage in the market. 

Factors that healthcare professionals consider important before deciding where they will work include emoluments and incentives, reputation of the healthcare establishment, quality of the facilities, academic and research opportunities, and a sufficient number of patients and surgeries made available to them. There can be no assurance that healthcare professionals will conclude that we compare favorably with other healthcare service providers on these factors. We seek to attract healthcare professionals who are well-known personalities in their fields and regions with large patient bases and referral networks, and it may be difficult to negotiate favorable terms and arrangements with these professionals. We typically agree to pay our specialist physicians a professional fee based on the services they provide. Depending on market conditions and scarcity of the trained professionals, we may have to increase the fees and salaries (as applicable) paid to our healthcare professionals and consultants, and there would be no assurance that we will be able to control such expenses completely as planned. If we are unable to make payments to these consultants or other healthcare professionals on time, or if our relationship with them deteriorates, or these professionals receive better opportunities with other healthcare service providers, we may be unable to retain them. 

Failure to attract and retain sufficient qualified healthcare professionals for our hospitals could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. Certain patients choose our hospitals because of the reputation of some of our individual doctors. If we fail to retain these key doctors, we may not be able to attract such patients, which may have an adverse impact on the patient volume and our profitability at such locations. Although we have entered into binding agreements with our doctors, including those working on a consultancy basis, we cannot assure you that our doctors will not prematurely terminate such agreements. 

28 

There is no assurance that our consultant doctors will continue to provide services to us or devote the whole of their time to our hospitals. We may, as a result, be unable to effectively utilize their time and expertise in providing services to our patients. These arrangements may also give rise to conflicts of interest, including with regard to how these doctors allocate their time and other resources between our hospitals and other clinics or hospitals at which they work and where doctors refer patients. Such conflicts may prevent us from providing a high quality of service at our hospitals and adversely affect the level of our patient intake which may have an impact on our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our performance also depends on our ability to identify, attract and retain other healthcare professionals, including nurses. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience pressure to increase wages and other benefits, due to a general shortage of qualified nurses and paramedical staff in India. We may also be required to hire more expensive temporary or contract personnel to address short-term needs. 

As a multi-specialty hospital operator, we must attract and retain qualified healthcare professionals in a wide range of specialty areas, and there may be fewer qualified professionals and competition for these individuals in a particular specialty area at the time when our staffing needs arise. We may also face heightened challenges in attracting sophisticated and efficient healthcare professionals at peripheral units, as healthcare professionals usually prefer to settle down in major cities and metropolitan areas. We may experience a slower-than-usual growth rate in peripheral units due to the lack of qualified healthcare professionals. 

If we are unable to attract or retain healthcare professionals as required, we may not be able to maintain the quality of our services and we may have to admit fewer patients to our hospitals, thereby having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. We may also be required to incur increased costs to retain and recruit medical personnel, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

# **2** **_The COVID-19 pandemic has affected our regular business operations and may continue to do so, depending on the severity and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic._** 

An outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus disease 19 (“ **COVID-19** ”), was recognized as a pandemic by the World Health Organization, on March 11, 2020. On March 14, 2020, India declared COVID-19 as a “notified disaster” and imposed a nationwide lockdown beginning March 25, 2020. The lockdown lasted until May 31, 2020, and has been extended periodically by varying degrees by state governments and local administrations. In response to the COVID-19 outbreak, the governments of India and many other countries have taken preventive and protective actions, such as imposing countrywide lockdowns, restrictions on travel and business operations and advising or requiring individuals to limit their time outside their homes. Temporary closures of businesses had been ordered and numerous other businesses have been temporarily closed voluntarily. We have monitored and considered the impact of known events arising from the COVID19 pandemic including with respect to our liquidity and going concern, recoverable values of property, plant and equipment, goodwill, intangible assets, trade receivables and the net realisable value of other assets. As the outbreak continues to evolve, we will continue to closely monitor the impact that COVID-19 may have on our Company, including any material changes to future economic condition, liquidity and result of operations of our business and prospects. While there have been progressive relaxations and calibrated easing of lockdown measures by the Government, the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is still unknown and difficult to predict. Possible additional “waves” or resurgences of COVID-19 cases may result in slower economic recovery, further disruptions to businesses and the imposition of stricter or extended government lockdown policies. 

Beginning in March 2020 and, in particular in April 2020, we experienced a substantial reduction in inpatient and outpatient volumes due to the nationwide lockdown implemented on March 25, 2020, quarantines, stay-at-home and shelter-in-place orders, the promotion of social distancing, and other travel related restrictions. There was also a reluctance or unwillingness of some patients to seek healthcare services in hospitals due to their perception of an increased risk of infection when traveling to hospitals and coming into close contact with healthcare professionals. Medical tourism has also slowed. As a result, our monthly inpatient volume decreased in each month from February to April 2020, reaching 5,460 in April 2020, as compared to 11,653 in January, 2020, a decrease of 53.15%. 

We may encounter additional COVID-19 related difficulties and experience, including but not limited to: 

- directives or actions by governments, government authorities, local agencies and courts that affect our ability to operate our hospitals and/or the manner in which we operate our hospitals. For example, directives or actions to regulate various aspects of our operations (such as, amongst other things, prices, and mandatory bed allocation) and/or to oversee, manage or administer the provision of healthcare to COVID-19 patients; 

- reluctance or unwillingness of some patients to seek healthcare services in hospitals due to their perception of an increased risk of infection when traveling to hospitals and coming into close contact with healthcare professionals; 

- slowed medical tourism, particularly from international patients due to international travel restrictions; 

29 

- delay in renewing or obtaining necessary registrations, approvals, licenses and permits from statutory and regulatory bodies; 

- heightened risk of COVID-19 infection to doctors, nurses and other healthcare professionals at our hospitals, which may lead to a shortage of manpower and additional labor and employment expenses; 

- possible delay in our existing or planned projects, which may adversely impact our ability to comply with the financial covenants; and 

- increased costs to ensure the safety of our workforce and continuity of operations while conforming to the measures implemented by various governments. 

In order to reduce the impact of COVID-19 on our operations, we have taken various steps to manage our expenses and liquidity, including making adjustments to the professional fees paid to our doctors and other healthcare professionals, reducing the lease amount for one building at KIMS Kondapur and reducing costs related to marketing, branding and travel. We have also obtained and drew down approximately ₹ 687.50 million from three credit facilities to reinforce our available working capital and maintain higher liquidity levels to meet unforeseen events. While revenue derived from our COVID19 patients have helped to offset the decline in patient volumes in fiscal year 2021, there is no assurance that our business will not be adversely affected if the COVID-19 pandemic were to worsen or last for an extended period of time. Our trade receivables as of March 31, 2021 and 2020 amounted to ₹ 1,098.19 million and ₹ 1,322.68 million, respectively. In fiscal year 2021, we experienced a decrease in the turnover days of our receivables as compared to fiscal year 2020, primarily due to an increase in revenue from out-of-pocket payments and insurance programs as a percentage of our total revenue due to COVID-19. Further, as a response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the government and insurance companies also undertook to facilitate a faster settlement and payment process for healthcare institutions, which also contributed to reducing our receivable turnover days. For details regarding the impact of COVID-19 on our ALOS and hospital revenue information, please see “ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results Of Operations - Factors Affecting Results Of Our Operations - Occupancy Rate_** ” and “ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Business Update Regarding COVID-19_** ” on page 320 and page 323, respectively. 

We have implemented safety protocols to ensure the safety and wellbeing of our healthcare professionals during the COVID-19 pandemic. We adopted digital consultation and telephone consultation as alternatives to physical visits in accordance with applicable laws and our confidentiality obligations. We provided PPE kits to healthcare team and supporting staff, distributed suitable face masks, face shields, and set up a screening team to check the body temperature and other symptoms of individuals entering our hospitals. However, we may not be able to fully mitigate the risks of our healthcare professionals contracting COVID-19 due to the fact that they are in close contact with patients on a daily basis, and we have, in the past, occasionally been required to quarantine our healthcare professionals suspected of contracting the virus. An outbreak of COVID-19 among a concentrated group of our healthcare professionals could disrupt our business and operations in the affected facilities or areas. 

The duration of the COVID-19 outbreak and its ultimate impact on us and the general economy cannot be predicted. The COVID-19 pandemic and its effects may last for an extended period of time, and could result in significant and continued market volatility, exchange trading suspensions and closures, declines in global and Indian financial markets, higher default rates, and a substantial economic downturn or recession. The foregoing could disrupt our operations, adversely affect our ability to establish and implement business development plans, and negatively impact our financial performance. In addition, if we do not respond appropriately to the pandemic, or if patients perceive our response to be inadequate, we could suffer damage to our reputation and our brand, which could adversely affect our business in the future. 

Our hospitals require authorization from the relevant state government in order to treat COVID-19 patients. The governments of AP and Telangana have issued multiple orders, which, among others things, set the ceiling rate chargeable by private hospitals and laboratories for treatment and testing of COVID-19 patients. If these orders remain in place for an extended period of time or the number of patients that we treat under these orders increases, our results of operations, financial position, cash flows and profitability may be adversely affected. Private hospitals in India have come under public scrutiny for allegations of charging COVID-19 treatment rates in excess of those prescribed by the government and for general mismanagement of COVID-19 cases, including the states of AP and Telangana where we operate our hospitals. In response to these allegations, the government of Telangana issued orders directing certain private hospitals to cease treatment of COVID-19 patients. On May 26, 2021, the Office of the Director of Public Health and Family Welfare, Government of Telangana (“Health and Welfare Department”) issued a show cause notice to KIMS Secunderabad alleging excess billing rates and mismanaged treatment of a COVID-19 patient, pursuant to a complaint received by the Health and Welfare Department. A reply denying these allegations was submitted by KIMS Secunderabad to the Health and Welfare Department along with the compliant withdrawal letter from the respective COVID-19 patient on May 29, 2021. A direction was issued by the Health and Welfare Department to KIMS Secunderabad on June 1, 2021 not to treat any new COVID19 patients until further notice. On June 5, 2021, the Health and Welfare Department revoked its direction and restored KIMS Secunderabad’s permission to provide COVID-19 treatment and deferred action on the allegation, and the Health 

30 

**3** 

and Welfare Department also directed us to take immediate steps to settle the outstanding grievances and provide refunds of any excess charges. While we intend to comply fully with the government’s orders, there can be no assurance that the government will not take further action against us in the future. In addition, it is likely that COVID-19 treatment at our hospitals will continue to be closely scrutinized by the government and the public, and we may be the subject of similar allegations and government inquiries in the future. We may incur additional costs and devote significant management attention to defend against such allegations and respond to such inquiries. If such allegations or inquiries are resolved against us, it may result in a revocation of our permission to treat COVID-19 patients and require us to pay fines or refunds. In addition, such allegations or inquiries, even if resolved in our favor, may adversely affect our reputation and prospects. Further, a public interest litigation suit has been filed by an individual before the Supreme Court of India directing the Central Government to (i) regulate the cost of treatment of COVID-19 at private hospitals across the country and (ii) mandate private hospitals operating on public land or as charitable institutions to treat COVID-19 patients either on a pro bono or non-profit basis. In addition, in May 2021, news outlets reported that the Andhra Pradesh High Court has asked the state government to consider taking control of private hospitals in the state for treating COVID-19 patients. 

The COVID-19 pandemic could also exacerbate the risks identified in this “Risk Factors” section. Therefore, its impact, as well as the impact of any other infectious illness outbreaks that may arise in the future, could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows in ways that cannot necessarily be foreseen. 

**_Our revenues are highly dependent on our hospitals in Hyderabad (Telangana). We are also significantly dependent on certain specialties for a majority of our revenues. Any impact on the revenues from these hospitals or earnings from our top specialties could materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

A significant percentage of our patients were served by our hospitals in Hyderabad: KIMS Secunderabad and KIMS Kondapur. The following table sets forth selected operating and financial data for these two hospitals for the years indicated: 

|||**As of and for the year ended Marc**<br>|**h 31,**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|
||**2019**|**2020**|**2021**|
|**% of group revenue**|68.05%|62.98%|64.09%|
|**% of group inpatient volume**|47.85%|40.74%|38.67%|
|**% of group outpatient volume**|50.37%|43.85%|39.95%|



Our hospital at Secunderabad (Telangana) also has contributed more to our revenue from operations due to high-end specialised procedures and services being provided, given its location and the profile of patients that it caters to. In Fiscal Years 2020 and 2021, our seven main specialty departments (cardiac sciences, oncology, neurosciences, gastric sciences, orthopaedics, renal sciences and mother & child care) accounted for 80.80% and 76.51% of our inpatient volumes, respectively. Any material impact on our revenues from our hospitals at Secunderabad and Kondapur in Telangana or from such specialties, including by reason of reduction in patient footfall, reputational harm, liabilities on account of medical negligence or natural calamities and increased competition, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

In addition, our concentration in AP and Telangana exposes us to adverse economic or political circumstances that affect demand for healthcare services in the region. Any political unrest, disruption, disturbance or sustained downturn in the economy of AP and Telangana and other states in southern India could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_We have ceased operations at some of our facilities in the past, and we may continue to do so in the future._** 

We have, in the past, shut down certain facilities. In Fiscal Year 2015, we ceased operations at one facility at Vijayawada, AP due to non-renewal of the lease (renewable in three years) by the lessor. See also **_“—Certain lands on which our hospital buildings are operating are not owned by us and not leased on a perpetual basis_** ” on page 32. Further, the leases of two of our leased properties at KIMS Rajahmundry in Andhra Pradesh will expire in the next two years. One of these properties is currently used for out-patient consultations and the other is used for dialysis patients under the Aarogyasri Scheme. The total revenue from KIMS Rajahmundry in Andhra Pradesh accounted for less than 10.00% of our total revenue in fiscal year 2021. Any adverse impact on the title or ownership rights of the owner or breach of the terms or nonrenewal of the license agreement may lead to disruptions and affect our business operations. We closed our subsidiary, KIMS Sahariah Healthcare Private Limited, in 2019 and we are in the process of closing our subsidiary, KIMS Cuddles Private Limited for which we have filed necessary documents with the RoC. We had write-offs of ₹ 0.10 million and  ₹ 0.10 million in Fiscal Years 2019 and 2021, respectively, in relation to the closure of these two subsidiaries. These and similar actions may require us to record write-offs, which may be substantial, and may reduce the likelihood that we are able to recover our investments in these facilities. As we rely on our network of facilities to build brand recognition among potential patients and bring in revenues, any discontinued operations may also adversely impact our result of operations and business prospects. 

**_One of our hospital buildings taken on lease, KIMS Kondapur, does not possess the requisite occupancy certificate from the relevant municipal authority and fire NoC from Telangana State Disaster Response and Fire Services Department._** 

**4** 

**5** 

31 

**6** 

# **_We may be subject to adverse regulatory action and may be required to vacate this facility, which may materially and adversely affect our business, reputation and financial condition._** 

KIMS Kondapur does not possess the occupancy certificate (“ **OC** ”) for one of its leased buildings (“ **Block I** ”) and the fire NoC from the Telangana State Disaster Response and Fire Services Department (“ **Fire Services Department** ”) for the entire premises. The building owner of Block I had submitted an application for renewal of the fire NoC in the year 2015 and subsequently in the year 2019. The application for renewal of the fire NoC has been recently rejected by the Fire Services Department (“ **Rejection Letter** ”) due to, amongst others, deficits in the open spaces and construction of an extra block and walkways, with a direction to re-file an application for fire NoC after rectifying the lapses highlighted in the Rejection Letter and payment of requisite statutory fees. The building owner of the Block II building of KIMS Kondapur (“ **Block II** ”) has submitted an application to renew the fire NoC in 2020, and the application is currently pending. 

The building owner of KIMS Kondapur hospital building (Block I), from whom we have leased the premises, has applied to obtain the OC from Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (“ **GHMC** ”) under the Building Regularisation Scheme, 2015 (“ **BRS** ”) in the year 2016, which is currently pending. The building owner of Block I has been regularly paying property tax to GHMC as per applicable laws. However, in the past, a penalty had been levied on the building owner of Block I by Southern Power Distribution Company of Telangana Limited (“ **SPDC** ”), due to failure in submission of the OC with SPDC. The building owner of Block I had challenged the penalty by a writ petition before the High Court of Judicature, Hyderabad. An interim stay order was passed in favour of the building owner of Block I, and the matter was closed in 2014. However, recently, SPDC issued another notice to the building owner of Block I, requesting submission of the OC for Block I within three months and alleging to disconnect the power supply in the event of non-compliance (“ **Disconnection Letter** ”). The building owner of Block I has requested the SPDC to waive its requirement of submitting the OC within a period of three months as the application for OC is pending before GHMC under the BRS and has also requested the SPDC to not to take any adverse actions. Further, the building owner of Block I has also filed a writ petition in May 2021, before the High Court of Judicature, Hyderabad challenging the Disconnection Letter and had also sought for interim relief to restrict SPDC from disconnecting the power supply of Block I. Pursuant to an interim order dated May 13, 2021, passed by the High Court of Judicature, Hyderabad, in favour of the building owner, SPDC has been restricted from disconnecting the power supply of Block I of KIMS Kondapur. 

Failure to obtain the OC and the fire NoC may subject the building owner to penalties or charges. Further, if the applications are rejected, the building may be disposed of or demolished by the relevant authorities, for which we may have no effective remedy. While we are not impleaded or addressed in this matter, we cannot assure you that in the future, SPDC or any other regulatory authority will not take any adverse action against the building owner, which may require us to vacate or may impact our business operations at KIMS Kondapur. We may not be able to effectively re-locate our operations and, even if we are able to re-locate, there is no assurance that we would resume the same level of operation or revenue contribution after such relocation. Our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be impacted significantly as a result of any such action. See also, **_“- Failure to obtain or renew approvals, licenses, registrations and permits to operate our business in a timely manner, or at all, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows_** ” on page 47. 

**_We have not been able to obtain certain records of educational qualifications and past work experience of one of our Promoters and Directors, and have relied on certificates and affidavits furnished by them for such details of their profile, included in this Red Herring Prospectus._** 

One of our Promoters, Rajyasri Bollineni, has been unable to trace copies of documents pertaining to her educational qualification, namely her bachelor’s degree in commerce from Reddy College, Hyderabad. Further, one of our Independent Directors, Venkata Ramudu Jasthi, has been unable to trace copies of documents pertaining to his past work experience with the Indian Revenue Services (Income Tax) from 1979 to 1981. Accordingly, reliance has been placed on certificates and affidavits furnished by such Promoter and Director to us and the BRLMs to disclose details of their respective educational qualifications and past work experience, in this Red Herring Prospectus. We and the BRLMs have been unable to independently verify these details prior to inclusion in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, there can be no assurances that such Promoter and Director will be able to trace the relevant documents pertaining to their respective educational qualifications and past work experience in future, or at all. 

# **7** **_Certain lands on which our hospital buildings and ancillary facilities are operating are not owned by us and not leased on a perpetual basis. Any adverse impact on the title or ownership rights of the owner or breach of the terms or nonrenewal of the license agreement may lead to disruptions and affect our business operations._** 

Our hospitals at Vizag (AP), Kondapur (Telangana) and Nellore (AP) (partially leased) are situated on land that is leased on a non-perpetual basis with terms ranging from 2 years to 30 years, renewable upon expiration on mutually agreed terms. Our Company and certain of our Subsidiaries, namely KIMS Kondapur, KIMS Vizag, KIMS Kurnool, KIMS Saveera and AHPL Srikakulam, have entered into lease deeds with various vendors for, amongst others, staff accommodation, and nursing hostels. Terms of such leases vary from vendor to vendor ranging from 11 months to 10 years. For details, please see “ **_Our Business – Properties_** ” on page 189. Any use of the leased land pursuant to the lease deeds will have to be in 

32 

compliance with the terms and conditions contained in such lease deeds. The lessors may terminate the leases in the event of a breach of the terms of the lease deeds, including delay in payment or non-payment of rent, usage of the property other than for the purposes for which it has been leased, or on the transfer, assignment or mortgage of the land or the clinical establishments situated thereon in breach of the terms of the lease deeds. There is no assurance that we will be able to renew these leases on commercially acceptable terms, or at all. We may not be able to effectively re-locate our operations and, even if we are able to re-locate, there is no assurance that we can resume the same level of operation or revenue contribution after such relocation. Also see, “ **-** **_We may not be able to successfully implement all our growth strategies, including due to failure to manage our Subsidiaries which run certain of our hospitals, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows_** ”. 

Furthermore, certain of our leases such as leases that may relate to staff accommodation, nursing hostel, canteen and staff parking, may not be adequately stamped or registered. Failure to stamp a document does not affect the validity of the underlying transaction but renders the document inadmissible as evidence in court in India (unless stamped prior to enforcement with payment of requisite penalties, which may be up to 10 times the stamp duty payable, and other such fees that may be levied by the authorities). Further, documents which are insufficiently stamped are capable of being impounded by a public officer. Consequently, should any dispute arise in relation to our use of the relevant properties, we may be unable to, or may incur additional expenses to, enforce our rights in relation to such properties. 

Any non-renewal of such arrangements or the renewal of any such arrangements on unfavorable terms could lead to disruptions to our business and have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 

# **8** **_Our indebtedness and the conditions and restrictions imposed by our financing arrangements may limit our ability to grow our business and adversely impact our business._** 

As of March 31, 2021, our short term borrowings and long term borrowings (including current maturity of long term debt) amounted to ₹ 2,704.68 million on a consolidated basis. As of March 31, 2021, 99.89% of our short term and long term borrowings (including current maturity of long term debt) entailed interest payments at variable rates, and our Company has issued corporate guarantees to HDFC Bank and the Federal Bank for term loan of ₹ 1,023.91 million for loans taken by our Subsidiaries. 

There are restrictive covenants in agreements entered into by our Company and Subsidiaries with certain banks and financial institutions for short-term loans and long-term borrowings. These restrictive covenants require us to seek the prior consent of these banks and financial institutions for various activities, including effecting any changes to our capital structure or shareholding pattern, raising fresh capital or any term loans or debentures; undertaking any merger, amalgamation or restructuring, utilizing loans for purposes other than those set out in the financing agreement, implementing any scheme of expansion, diversification or modification (other than incurring routine capital expenditure), disposing of any assets; taking actions that result in a change of control over us, declaring or paying dividends, making investments in other concerns and effecting any amendments in our memorandum and articles of association. 

While we have obtained consents from our lenders in terms of our respective financing facilities for the purposes of the Offer, one such lender consent obtained from NIIF is subject to: (a) our Promoters retaining management control during the tenure of such financing facility; and (b) our Promoters and Promoter Group continuing to hold 30.00% of the equity share capital of our Company during the tenure of such facility. We cannot assure you that our Promoters and Promoter Group will continue to comply with such conditions during the tenure of such facility, in which event we may be required to obtain the necessary waivers or repay this loan and enter into other financing arrangements as may be negotiated at that time. For further details in respect of the loan obtained from the NIIF, please see “ **_Objects of the Offer – Details of the Objects of the Fresh Issue_** ” on page 101 of this RHP. 

Under our financing arrangements, certain of our lenders also have the right to appoint nominee directors on our Board of Directors in the event of our default. We cannot assure investors that we will receive necessary approvals in a timely manner or at all. In the event our lenders refuse to grant the requisite approvals, or impose onerous conditions in the approvals granted, our business or corporate strategies may be adversely impacted. 

Certain financing agreements also require us to maintain specified financial ratios, which may limit our operational flexibility or ability raise capital on our preferred terms. As of the date of this RHP, there has not been any breaches of such requirements on financial ratios, nor have we received any notice of default or non-compliance from any of our existing lenders . However, in the event of receipt of such notice or upon any breach of any covenant contained in these financing agreements, we may be required to immediately repay our borrowings either in whole or in part, together with any related costs and penalties, and we may be subject to enforcement actions against the security we provided. In addition, we are required to create a mortgage over our immovable properties by depositing original title deeds. These restrictions may limit our flexibility in responding to business opportunities, competitive developments and adverse economic or industry conditions. Furthermore, certain of our financing arrangements also contain cross default provisions, which would be automatically triggered by defaults under other financing arrangements, as well as equity conversion provision, which 

33 

provide the banks and financial institutions with the right to convert amounts due into equity in the case of default. For further details on our financing agreements, see “ **_Financial Indebtedness_** ” on page 315. 

We are susceptible to changes in interest rates and the risks arising therefrom. Our financing agreements entail interest at variable rates with a provision for the periodic reset of interest rates. See “ **_Financial Indebtedness_** ” on page 315 for a description of interest typically payable under our financing agreements. If the interest rates for our existing or future borrowings increase, our cost of servicing our borrowings may increase which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Any additional financing that we require to fund our expenditure, if met by way of additional debt financing, may place restrictions on us which may, among other things, limit our ability to pursue our growth plans, require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make payments on our debt, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund capital expenditures, meet working capital requirements and use for other general corporate purposes, limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to changes in our business and our industry, either through the imposition of restrictive financial or operational covenants or otherwise. Currently, we have a credit rating of AA- for long-term facilities and A1+ for short-term facilities. We have not experienced any downgrade in our credit rating in the past 3 years. However, there is no guarantee that we will be able to maintain such ratings in the future. 

# **9** **_We operate in a highly regulated industry, and compliance with applicable safety, health, environmental and other governmental regulations and any violations of existing regulations may adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows._** 

The healthcare industry is subject to laws, rules and regulations in the regions where we conduct our business or in which we intend to expand our operations. For a description of the regulations to which we are subject, see “ **_Key Industry Regulations and Policies_** ” on page 190. Given our hospitals are situated at multiple locations, we are subject to various and extensive local laws, rules and regulations relating to, among other things, the establishment and operation of private medical care establishments. 

Health and safety laws and regulations in India have become increasingly stringent over time, and it is possible that they will become more stringent in the future. For instance, the Bio-Medical Waste Rules, 2016 require mandatory authorization and annual reporting requirements for all establishments handling bio-medical waste. In the fertility business, the proposed Assisted Reproductive Technology (Regulation) Bill of 2020 prescribes registration requirements for clinics providing assisted reproductive services, imposes additional obligations on fertility clinics which provides counseling to individuals opting for such procedures, specifies duties for clinics using human gametes and embryos, and mandates record keeping obligations and stricter compliance norms with respect to procedures being carried out. The Assisted Reproductive Technology (Regulation) Bill of 2020 also prescribes penalties, both in the form of fine and imprisonment which may be levied on our doctors and our Company. In the past, our Company and some of its Subsidiaries have received show cause and/or demand notices from the Employee State Insurance Corporation for damages and interest payments arising out of our failure to pay employees’ contribution within the timelines stipulated in the Employees’ State Insurance Act, 1948 (“ **ESI Act** ”). In the last three years, our Subsidiary, KHKPL, has received certain demand notices from the Employee State Insurance Corporation for its failure to pay for employees’ contribution in accordance with the ESI Act. Further, under the terms of various orders issued by the Government of Telangana, a ceiling has been placed on the rates chargeable by private healthcare providers for providing testing and treatment services to COVID-19 patients. These price caps are inclusive of certain facilities and services, such as ECG, drugs and consultations and exclude facilities and services like PPE kits, central line insertion and certain high end investigations. If these orders remain in place for an extended period of time or the number of patients that we treat under these government orders increase, our results of operations, financial position, cash flows and profitability may be adversely affected. While we were not subject to any regulatory actions for any noncompliance of laws in the past 3 years, there is no assurance that we will not be subject to such actions in the future, which could materially and adversely affect our business and reputation. 

The laws, regulations, policies, guidelines and licensing and accreditation requirements that we are subject to cover many aspects of our business. We may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future laws, rules and regulations, and we may not be able to maintain, at all times, full compliance with such laws, regulations, policies and guidelines. These current or future laws, rules and regulations may also impede our operations. Any non-compliance with the applicable laws, rules and regulations may subject us to regulatory action, including penalties and other civil or criminal proceedings, which may materially and adversely affect our business, prospects and reputation. 

The qualification and practicing activities of our healthcare professionals are strictly regulated by applicable laws, regulations, policies and guidelines, as well as by applicable codes of professional conduct or ethics. If our health professionals fail to comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies or guidelines, including professional licensing requirements, we may be subject to penalties including fines, loss of licenses or restrictions on our healthcare facilities and operations, which could materially and adversely affect our business and reputation. 

34 

We are also subject to laws and regulations governing relationships with our employees, in areas such as minimum wage and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and terminating of employees. There is a risk that we may fail to comply with such regulations, which could lead to enforced shutdowns and other sanctions imposed by the relevant authorities. If labor laws become more stringent, it may become difficult for us to maintain flexible human resource policies, discharge employees, or downsize, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **10** **_Our ability to provide affordable healthcare to our patients is dependent our ability to effectively estimate, price and manage our healthcare costs._** 

Our ability to provide affordable healthcare depends on our ability to effectively manage and predict our costs. We have entered into several agreements under which we are required to provide medical services at rates fixed by, among others: (i) Central Government Health Scheme, (ii) Aaroyasari Scheme, and (iii) AP Employee Health Scheme. In addition, KIMS Vizag is required to reserve 100 beds for and provide medical services at subsidized rates to certain classes of patients pursuant to the service agreement entered into among us, IIMSL and Milk Producers and Employees Educational Health and Medical Trust. We face the pressures of rising business costs, including increased, employee compensation and outsourced staff cost relating to housekeeping and security, increased cost of medical technology and prescription drugs, government-mandated benefits and other regulatory changes to provide such services. While we seek to manage our pricing model in light of these costs, we may not always be able to do so, including due to our fee arrangements and existing contracts, as well as regulatory restrictions. We are also subject to risks relating to fluctuations in market interest rates. For details, see “ **_– Our indebtedness and the conditions and restrictions imposed by our financing arrangements may limit our ability to grow our business and adversely impact our business_** ” on page 33. 

# **11** 

# **_Our business depends on the strength of our brand and reputation. Failure to maintain and enhance our brand and reputation, and any negative publicity and allegations in the media against us, may materially and adversely affect the level of market recognition of, and trust in, our services, which could result in a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

We believe that our brand and reputation are critical to our success. Many factors, some of which are beyond our control, are important to maintaining and enhancing our brand and may negatively impact our brand and reputation if not properly managed, such as: 

- our ability to maintain a convenient, standardized and reliable customer experience as customer preferences evolve and as we expand our service categories and develop new business lines; 

- our ability to increase brand awareness among existing and potential clients through various means of marketing and promotional activities; 

- our ability to adopt new technologies or adapt our technology and systems, including our websites and user portals, to user requirements or emerging industry standards in order to maintain our customer experience; 

- our ability to effectively control the quality of service in our hospitals, and to monitor their performance as we continue to expand our network; and 

- our ability to maintain and renew existing accreditations or to apply for additional accreditations as we expand our network. 

Despite our effort to manage and supervise healthcare professionals in our network, they may fail to meet our requirements and their contractual obligations with us. They may not possess the permits or qualifications required by the relevant laws and regulations at all times, or they may fail to meet other regulatory requirements for their operations. Our brand and reputation may be adversely impacted if our healthcare professionals provide inferior service, engage in medical malpractice, violate laws or regulations, commit fraud or misappropriate funds, harm a patient or mishandle personal healthcare information, in addition to any impact that such development would have on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We face heightened risks of noncompliance with respect to healthcare professionals who do not operate fully under our management and over whom we have limited control. 

‘KIMS’ is used by various institutions including two other hospitals in the states of Kerala and Karnataka. Certain of these institutions have also initiated opposition applications against our trademark applications. For details, see **“-** **_We may fail to protect our intellectual property rights and may be exposed to misappropriation and infringement claims by third parties, either of which may have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation_** ” on page 38 and “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Outstanding material civil litigation involving our Company_** ” on page 352. Therefore, negative publicity due to any negative impact on these hospitals or any other hospitals and institutes using the name KIMS can significantly impact our brand, public image and reputation, regardless of their veracity. Further, our brand promotion efforts may be expensive and may fail to effectively promote our brand or generate additional sales. Our failure 

35 

**12** **_We face intense competition from other healthcare service providers. If we are unable to compete effectively, our business, results of operations and cash flows may be materially and adversely affected._** 

to maintain and enhance our brand and reputation may materially and adversely affect the level of market recognition of, and trust in, our services. This could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We operate in a competitive environment. In most markets, we compete with hospitals, clinics, diagnostic chains and dispensaries of varying sizes with different specialties. We compete on the basis of factors such as our specialty and other service offerings, quality and selection of healthcare professionals, affordability, quality of care, technology, quality of facilities, patient satisfaction, brand and reputation. Our most significant competitors in the country are as follows: 

1. Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Limited; 

2. Fortis Healthcare Limited; 

3. HealthCare Global Enterprises Limited; 

4. Manipal Health Enterprises Private Limited; and 

5. Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited. 

Additionally, our most significant competitors in Hyderabad are: 

1. Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Limited; 

2. Quality CARE India Limited 

3. Yashoda Healthcare Services Private Limited; 

4. Sarvejana Healthcare Private Limited; and 

5. Asian Institute of Gastroenterology Private Limited. 

Our pharmacies in our hospitals compete on factors such as price and product offerings. Some of our multi-specialty competitors offer services that we do not offer. Some of our competitors are owned or operated by governmental bodies or by private not-for-profit entities supported by endowments and charitable contributions, which can finance capital expenditures without incurring significant tax obligations. We may also face competition from new market entrants, such as established foreign healthcare companies which may enter the Indian market in the future. We are required to evaluate and increase our competitive position in each of our markets for example by offering competitive compensation to healthcare professionals and quality services with competitive rates to our patients. As a result, we may experience lower profitability as we strive to compete with our competitors on all fronts. 

It is also possible that there will be significant consolidation in the medical industry. Our competitors may develop alliances, and these alliances may acquire significant market share. Concentration within the sector, or other potential moves by our competitors, could improve their competitive position and market share and may exert further pricing and recruiting pressure on us. 

Existing or new competitors may try to compete for patients by exerting pricing pressures on some or all of our services by pricing their services at a significant discount to ours or offering services with greater convenience or better quality. Further, our competitors may expand their healthcare networks, which may exert further pricing and recruiting pressure on us. If we are unable to compete effectively with our competitors, our market share, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 

# **13** **_If we are unable to maintain bed occupancy rates at sufficient levels, we may not be able to generate adequate returns on our capital expenditure, which could materially and adversely affect our operating efficiencies and our profitability_** 

We generated a substantial portion of revenue from our services to inpatients. We have invested, and expect to continue to invest, significant amounts to establish or acquire new hospitals and to add bed capacity, modernize infrastructure at our existing hospitals, introduce new technologies and expand our range of services. Our ability to sustain current levels of profitability and operating efficiencies depends on our ability to maintain and increase bed occupancy rates, which in turn depends on factors such as brand recognition in the communities in which we operate, our ability to attract and retain quality healthcare professionals, our ability to develop super-specialty practices and our ability to compete effectively with other hospitals and clinics. Our average bed occupancy rate was 80.49% in Fiscal Year 2020. Our bed occupancy rate was 78.60% in Fiscal Year 2021, largely due to the impact of COVID-19. If we fail to maintain or improve our occupancy rates 

36 

while we continue to incur significant capital expenditure, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. 

# **14** **_If we are unable to keep pace with technological changes, new equipment and service introductions, changes in patients' needs and evolving industry standards, our business and financial condition may be adversely affected._** 

The healthcare services industry is characterized by periodic technological changes, new equipment and service introductions, changes in patients’ needs and evolving industry standards, including, for example, changes associated with diagnosis process, treatments and patient-doctor interactions in telemedicine offerings. Our continued success depends on our ability to anticipate industry trends and identify, develop and market new value-added services that meet client demands, to continually enhance our equipment and technologies in a timely and cost-effective manner. 

Developing new services and tools in a timely and cost-effective manner may be difficult, particularly as market preferences can change rapidly. Our assessment of the market and evolving customer preferences may not lead to new services that are commercially successful. We may also experience delays or failures in any stage of our service development, introduction or implementation. Our competitors may be more efficient at developing new services and may introduce those services to the market before us. The introduction of new or similar services by our competitors may result in reductions in our prices, profit margins, and market share. Further, as industry standards evolve, we may be required to enhance and develop our internal processes and procedures, as well as equipment and technologies, to comply with such standards and maintain the accreditations that we have received. The research, design and development of new services may also require significant resources, including financial and management time and attention. If we are unable to develop new services in a timely manner to meet market demand, or if there is insufficient demand for our services, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. 

Rapid changes in the medical and healthcare industry require sourcing for and investing in new medical equipment and technology. We may not be able to continually invest in, procure and integrate the latest equipment and technologies at commercially suitable terms and in a timely manner. We may not be able to recover the financial outlay for the medical equipment and systems that we invest in. We may incur significant costs in replacing or modifying equipment in which we have already made a substantial investment. New equipment and services based on new or improved technologies or new industry standards can lead to earlier than planned redundancy of our medical equipment and result in asset impairment charges in the future. Although we sometimes sell obsolete equipment back to the suppliers of such equipment, there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to do so on financially viable terms. We may experience short-term disruptions to our operations if our equipment is damaged or breaks down. Extended downtime of our medical equipment, and repair or replacement costs of such equipment, could result in loss of revenue, client dissatisfaction, and damage to our reputation. Injuries caused by medical equipment in our healthcare facilities due to equipment defects, improper maintenance or improper operation could also subject us to liability claims, which may not be insured completely or at all. Regardless of their merit or eventual outcome, such liability claims could result in significant legal defense costs for us, damage to our reputation, and a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 

Our operations are also subject to risks inherent in the use of complex medical equipment. Some equipment we use in our hospital involves radioactive substances. Failures, accidents, defects, improper use or lack of maintenance of our equipment may lead to injury of our patients and healthcare professionals. We may incur significant repair and maintenance costs and may experience disruptions in our operations in the event of any material malfunction or breakdown of our equipment in the future. In Fiscal Years 2021, 2020 and 2019, our expenses relating to repairs and maintenance of medical equipment were ₹ 242.33 million, ₹ 194.73 million and ₹ 175.27 million, respectively. In addition, we may not be able to respond to such failures or malfunctions in a timely manner or with acceptable cost, which could adversely impact our ability to provide patients with necessary treatments and quality services, result in injury of our healthcare professionals, and damage our reputation. 

# **15** **_In the past, certain of our Promoters and Directors have been involved with companies that have had some historical non-compliances_** 

Three of our Promoters namely, Dr. Bhaskara Rao Bollineni, Dr. Abhinay Bollineni and Adwik Bollineni were promoters of Aishu Projects Limited (“ **APL** ”), two of our Promoter Group members namely, Krishnaiah Bollineni and Seenaiah Bollineni are promoters of APL, two of our Promoter Group members namely, Lalitamma Tallaru and Aishwarya Bollineni and one of our Directors namely Anitha Dandamudi are shareholders of APL, which was previously listed on HSEL and MSEL, erstwhile stock exchanges that were de-recognized as a stock exchange by the Central Government pursuant to a notification dated September 19, 2007 and by SEBI pursuant to its order dated May 14, 2015, respectively. Accordingly, APL was identified as an exclusively listed company and was placed on the dissemination board of NSE. While APL was on the dissemination board, pursuant to the SEBI 2016 Circular and the SEBI 2017 Circular, NSE issued a public notice dated June 22, 2018, stating that in accordance with the SEBI 2017 Circular pertaining to action against exclusively listed companies and its promoters and directors, it was decided to freeze the demat accounts of the directors and promoters of, amongst other companies, APL with effect from June 22, 2018. Further, all promoters and directors of such companies were debarred from accessing the capital markets for raising capital, and were not eligible to become directors of any listed 

37 

company until the exit option was granted to the public shareholders of these companies. Subsequently, APL vide a letter dated July 20, 2018, had submitted its plan of action to NSE by opting to provide exit opportunity to its public shareholders. Thereafter, APL was removed from the dissemination board of NSE with effect from September 18, 2018 vide a notice dated September 12, 2018, issued by NSE in accordance with the SEBI 2016 Circular and the SEBI 2017 Circular and the demat accounts of our Promoters, Dr. Bhaskara Rao Bollineni, Dr. Abhinay Bollineni and Adwik Bollineni and our Promoter Group members, Krishnaiah Bollineni and Seenaiah Bollineni were unfrozen. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there are no actions pending against our Promoters, Dr. Bhaskara Rao Bollineni, Dr. Abhinay Bollineni and Adwik Bollineni and our Promoter Group members, Krishnaiah Bollineni and Seenaiah Bollineni in respect of their association with APL. 

Further, Dr. Abhinay Bollineni, one of our Promoters, and our executive Director and CEO is currently appearing in the list of disqualified directors published by the MCA and the RoC due to his erstwhile directorship in Pulse Nano Surgical Equipments Private Limited, which had failed to file its financial statements and annual returns for a continuous period of three years. Thereafter, pursuant to General Circular No. 16/2017 issued by the MCA, relating to the Condonation of Delay Scheme, 2018 (“ **Condonation Scheme** ”), the MCA provided defaulting companies and their directors with a window until March 31, 2018 to comply with the applicable rules and regulations. In furtherance of the Condonation Scheme, Pulse Nano Surgical Equipments Private Limited filed its Form-e-CODS 2018 and Dr. Abhinay Bollineni’s DIN was re-activated. However, post filing of the aforementioned form, the MCA and the RoC have not removed the aforementioned list of disqualified directors from their website nor have they issued a revised list of disqualified directors. 

There can be no assurance that, in the future and no legal proceedings or regulatory action will be initiated against our Promoters in this regard, which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and reputation. There can be no assurance that we will not be subject to penalty or liabilities with respect to such non-compliances in the future. 

# **16** **_If we do not receive payments on time from our payers, our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected._** 

Our patients pay for our inpatient and outpatient services through a mix of cash on-site and credit arrangements, including through third-party payers such as private and public insurers and public sector undertakings. For further details of our payers, see “ **_Our Business – Payment for our Services_** ” on page 182. As of March 31, 2021, we had trade receivables (at amortised cost) of ₹ 1,098.19 million, net of trade receivable - credit impaired of ₹ 411.87 million. For disclosure of trade receivables and impairment allowance as at March 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 as per Schedule III of Companies Act 2013, see “ **_Annexure VI – Notes to Restated IND AS Consolidated Summary Statement - 6 Trade Receivables (at amortised cost)_** ” on page 273. For patients who partially pay their bills during their stay at our hospitals, we may not be able to collect their remaining payments in a timely manner, or at all. Our agreements with third party payers are an important source of payments that impacts our revenue. While we enter into long-term arrangements with these third party payers to set out terms and conditions of cashless payments and fees charged to these insurance companies, certain of these agreements can be terminated by the insurance companies without cause as well which may impact our revenue. We, our promoters and our Affiliates, may be involved in disputes with such payers from time to time. For example, United India Assurance Company Limited has filed a complaint against our Promoter in relation to fraudulent medical claim policies in the year 2007, for details, see “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Outstanding criminal litigation involving our Promoters_** ” on page 353. While our third-party payer arrangement with UIACL continues, there is no assurance that such arrangement will continue in the future. If we do not receive payments on a timely basis from our third party payers, including from the Government payers under the Aarogyasri Scheme, our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, any revision in the prices set under the Aarogyasri Scheme, the Central or State Government Health Schemes, Ex-Servicemen Contributory Health Scheme or by the thirdparty administrators may affect the ability of our patients to pay the outstanding dues. 

# **_We may fail to protect our intellectual property rights and may be exposed to misappropriation and infringement claims by third parties, either of which may have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation._** 

We have applied for registration of trademarks for our corporate logo and our word mark with the Registrar of Trademarks and such trademarks and workmarks are yet to be granted in the name of our Company. Maintaining and enhancing our brand and reputation associated with our intellectual property is integral to our success. We have made applications for ‘KIMS HOSPITALS’ ‘KIMS – THE FUTURE OF HEALTH’ , ‘KIMS HOSPITALS’ and ‘KIMS Krishna Institute of Medical Science’ in various classes for the registration of these trademarks, including our corporate logo and word marks. Opposition applications have been filed against (i) four of our trademark applications for “KIMS HOSPITALS”, (ii) two of our applications for ‘KIMS Krishna Institute of Medical Science’, (iii) one of our trademark applications for ‘KIMS The Future of Health’ (logo) and (iv) two of our applications for our logo by certain other institutions that currently hold the trademark registration “KIMS” in certain categories. These opposition applications have been filed on various grounds including, _inter alia,_ deceptive similarity with certain trademarks used by the opposing parties, claiming that grant of registration of trademarks that we applied for could lead to loss of distinctive character and reputation of their trademarks. For details, see “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Outstanding material civil litigation involving our Company_** ” on page 352. Two of our applications for ‘KIMS Krishna Institute of 

**17** 

38 

Medical Science’ have been objected by Trademarks Registry, Chennai. Our failure to register or protect our intellectual property rights may also undermine our brand and result in harm to the growth of our business. If any of our confidential or proprietary information, were to be disclosed or misappropriated, or if a competitor independently developed any such information, our competitive position could be harmed. 

Moreover, even if the applications are approved, third parties may seek to oppose or otherwise challenge these registrations and assert intellectual property claims against us, particularly as we expand our business and the number of healthcare services we offer. 

There are other entities that have similar trade names to ours. The use of “KIMS” or similar trade names by third parties may lead to confusion among patients. Any adverse medical experience of patients with those parties using similar trade names, as well as any consequent negative publicity or perceptions perceived to be associated with us, may adversely affect our reputation and brand and business prospects. 

Our defense of any claim, regardless of its merit, could be expensive and time consuming and could divert management resources. Successful infringement claims against us could result in significant monetary liability. In addition, resolution of claims may require us to cease using those rights altogether. In addition, there is no assurance that steps taken by us to protect our intellectual property rights will be adequate to stop infringement by others, including imitation and misappropriation of our brand. 

Furthermore, we cannot be certain that the equipment suppliers, from whom we purchase equipment (including related software to operate such equipment), have all requisite third party consents and licenses for the intellectual property used in the equipment they manufacture. As a result, we may be exposed to risks associated with intellectual property infringement and misappropriation claims by third parties. Such risks may further increase as we expand our services and the geographic scope of our marketing. 

# **18** **_We may not be successful in expanding our operations to other parts of India which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We operate 9 multi-specialty hospitals under the “KIMS Hospitals” brand in the states of AP and Telangana. We have been growing and expanding since we established our oldest hospital in Nellore in 2000. 

It is our growth strategy to further expand our presence in adjacent markets in the southern, central and eastern India, and we may face risks with respect to our operations in these new geographic areas where we have not operated in the past and may not possess the same level of familiarity with local economic conditions, culture and patient expectations. We also intend to expand in these regions via different models, which include asset-light models or models involving no ownership of assets. For example, we may enter into revenue sharing arrangement and management fee-based arrangements, or expand by acquiring operations and management undertakings from other market players of target hospitals. We have not identified any target hospitals in these regions yet. There is no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable targets or that we will be able to enter into such arrangements with favorable terms. In addition, our competitors may already have established operations in such areas and we may find it difficult to attract patients in such new areas. We may not be able to successfully manage the risks of such an expansion, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **19** **_We are exposed to legal claims and regulatory actions arising from the provision of healthcare services and may be subject to liabilities arising from claims of malpractice and medical negligence which could materially and adversely affect our reputation and prospects._** 

We are exposed to the risk of legal claims and regulatory actions arising out of the medical services provided by us. From time to time, we may be subject to claims alleging, among other things, medical negligence by our healthcare professionals and product liability for medical devices we use, pharmaceuticals we dispense and medical and pharmaceutical products we sell in our pharmacies. We could also be the subject of complaints from patients who are dissatisfied with the quality and cost of healthcare services. 

We may from time to time receive complaints from, or be involved in, disputes with our clients and patients with regard to false positive or false negative checkup results, misdiagnosis, or other acts of medical negligence. The occurrence of false positive or false negative checkup results, misdiagnosis and other acts of medical negligence is a unique risk of the healthcare service industry caused by uncertainties during the medical examination service process. They can be attributed to various factors, such as the negligence of medical personnel, failure of medical equipment, inaccurate results of medical tests conducted by outsourced laboratories, individual patient-specific conditions and disease complications. In addition, people may contract serious communicable diseases during their stay or visit at our facilities, which could result in significant claims for damages against us and, as a result of reports and press coverage, damage our reputation. 

We rely on our healthcare professionals to make proper diagnoses, administer proper treatment and make other clinical decisions. However, we do not have direct control over the clinical activities of our healthcare professionals, as their 

39 

diagnoses and treatments of patients are subject to their professional judgment, and in most cases, must be performed on a real time basis. In addition, some doctors who work for KIMS on a consultancy basis are subject to pending proceedings before TSMC for medical negligence, which may lead to their removal from the register of medical practitioners for a period of time or permanently. Even though we are not a party to such proceedings, our reputation and business may be adversely impacted by their negative outcomes and publicity. Furthermore, our healthcare professionals are susceptible to contracting diseases that we treat in our facilities, and if our healthcare professionals become infected, it may significantly reduce the treatment and care capacity at our medical facilities. 

In addition, medical consumables used in various treatments and other products we sell may be subject to contamination, mislabelling, malicious tampering and other damage such as errors in the dispensing and packaging of pharmaceuticals, which may lead to injury or death to our patients. Current or former patients or their families may commence or threaten litigation for medical negligence or malpractice against us. If such claims succeed, we may become liable for damages and other financial consequences and may even be exposed to criminal liability, which may materially and adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, clinical trials conducted at our facilities may cause unintended adverse consequences including personal injury, sickness or death of patients participating in such trials. We could be held liable and may be required to pay damages for such consequences. 

As litigations and regulatory proceedings are inherently unpredictable, we cannot assure you that any potential claims or disputes will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Although we defend ourselves vigorously against claims and lawsuits, these matters could: 

- require us to pay substantial damages or amounts in judgments or settlements, which individually or in the aggregate could exceed amounts, if any, that may be recovered under our insurance policies where coverage applies and is available; 

- harm our reputation and the goodwill associated with our brand; 

- cause us to incur substantial expenses and/or substantial increases in our insurance premiums; 

- require significant time and attention from our management; and 

- require us to incur debt to finance any damages or amounts in judgment or settlement. 

If any of our future cases are not resolved in our favor, and if our insurance coverage or any applicable indemnity is insufficient to cover the damages awarded, we may be required to make substantial payments or modify or restrict our operations, which could have an adverse impact on our reputation and competitive position, as well as our business and financial results. Also see “ **_- Our insurance coverage may not adequately protect us against certain operating hazards and this may have an adverse effect on our business and revenues_** _”_ below. 

Products that we sell could become subject to contamination, product tampering, mislabelling or other damage. In addition, errors in the dispensing and packaging of pharmaceuticals could lead to serious injury, death or litigation. In addition, our operations involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals, radioactive and nuclear materials. Most of the radiation therapy and diagnostic imaging equipment we use contain radioactive and nuclear materials or emit radiation during operation. Radiation, radioactive materials and nuclear materials are extremely hazardous unless properly managed and contained. We source nuclear and radioactive material from AERB and other authorized suppliers, and we store and dispose of such materials in accordance with the applicable rules and guidelines. Personnel who are engaged in providing radiation therapy wear protective gear and use TLD badges for monitoring of radiation levels. The TLD badges are sent to AERB for periodic monitoring of radiation levels, in accordance with applicable law. However, we cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use of hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties. 

# **20** **_We rely on third party suppliers and manufacturers for our supplies and equipment. Failure of such third parties to meet their obligations could adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We source our equipment and supplies from third party suppliers under various arrangements. Any failure to procure equipment, reagents or drugs on a timely basis, or at all, from such third parties and on commercially suitable terms could affect our ability to provide our services. Certain of our medical and laboratory equipment are also procured under lease agreements. Under some of these agreements, the supplier generally has the discretion to terminate the agreement with a specified period of notice in the event of a breach of any term or condition of the agreement, including but not limited to default in payment of the applicable fee. Any such termination and consequent removal of the installed equipment may adversely affect our operations. In addition, manufacturers may discontinue or recall equipment, reagents or drugs used by us, which could adversely affect our ability to provide our services, and therefore, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

40 

**21** 

**22** 

We also rely on a limited number of equipment suppliers to carry out repairs and maintenance of our equipment. Any failure or negligence by these third parties in performing maintenance on our equipment could result in harm to our healthcare professionals or patients and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, reputation and brand. Our dependence on a limited number of service providers exposes us to risks of delays or inability in carrying out repairs and maintenance of equipment. We may also be unable to find alternative service providers in time, or at all, and at a suitable cost. In some cases, we depend on the original equipment manufacturer or an even more limited pool of “authorized” service providers for equipment repair and maintenance, which exposes us to further risk of delay or higher repair and maintenance costs. Any delay or inability to repair and maintain our equipment could cause disruptions in our operations and adversely affect our business, financial condition and cash flows. 

There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our relationships with our major suppliers. If the business relationship between our Company and our major suppliers were to deteriorate or if any of those suppliers were to terminate their business relationship with our Company or renegotiate our contracts on less favorable terms, our business, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. We could also experience higher costs, network healthcare provider disruptions, less attractive services for our clients and/or difficulty in meeting regulatory or accreditation requirements, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_Our Company had made an allotment of equity shares that was not in compliance with Section 67(3) of the Companies Act, 1956._** 

Our Company had, by way of preferential allotment, allotted 733,535 Equity Shares to 64 persons on September 14, 2005, which was not in compliance with the then applicable laws relating to a private placement of securities (the “ **Stated Allotment** ”). Under the first proviso to Section 67(3) of the Companies Act, 1956, any offer or invitation for subscription of shares made to more than 49 persons was deemed to be a public offer, which triggered compliances under the Companies Act and the framework prescribed in this regard by SEBI. For further details of the Stated Allotment, see “ **_Capital Structure_** ” on page 85. Pursuant to a press release dated November 30, 2015 and circulars dated December 31, 2015 and May 3, 2016 (collectively, the “ **SEBI Circulars** ”), SEBI has provided that companies involved in issuance of securities to more than 49 persons but up to 200 persons in a fiscal year may avoid penal action subject to fulfilment of certain conditions. These conditions include providing an option to the current holders of the equity shares so allotted to surrender such equity shares at an exit price not less than the amount of subscription money paid along with 15% interest per annum or such higher return as promised to investors. Based on the SEBI Circular, in good faith and in the interest of the shareholders of our Company, our Board by a resolution dated March 8, 2017, authorised Dr. Bhaskara Rao Bollineni, our Promoter, to provide an exit offer to all existing shareholders of our Company as of May 5, 2017 (“ **Eligible Shareholders** ” and such offer, the “ **Exit Offer** ”). Subsequently, an invitation was issued through letters dated May 22, 2017 to all the Eligible Shareholders to offer all Equity Shares held by them on the record date for sale to our Promoters at a purchase price calculated in accordance with the SEBI Circulars. Further, in accordance with the SEBI Circulars, our Company has also submitted a certificate obtained from a peer reviewed practicing independent company secretary certifying compliance of the Exit Offer with the SEBI Circulars to SEBI. Our Company along with Dr. Bhaskara Rao Bollineni, Krishnaiah Bollineni and Sambasiva Rao Mayeni ( **“Applicants”** ) had also filed an application dated June 10, 2017 with the Regional Director, South East Region, Hyderabad / National Company Law Tribunal, Hyderabad ( **“NCLT”** ) under Section 621A of the Companies Act, 1956 and section 441 of the Companies Act, 2013, seeking to compound any breach of the Companies Act, 1956, on the ground that the non-compliance of the Companies Act, 1956 was unintentional and inadvertent. The Regional Director, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Hyderabad has compounded the violation and the Applicants have paid the applicable compounding fee of ₹ 5,000 each. For further details, see “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments - Outstanding disciplinary actions including penalty imposed by SEBI or Stock Exchanges against our Promoters in the last five financial years_** ” on page 354. There can be no assurance that the SEBI or any other regulatory authority or court will not take any action or initiate proceedings against our Company, Promoters, Directors and other officers in respect of the Stated Allotments in the future. Any such proceeding or action which may be initiated in the future may divert management time and attention and may subject us to further regulatory consequences, including adjudicatory penalties, criminal sanctions or additional remedial measures, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, finances, results of operations and cash flows, as well as on our reputation. 

# **_We may not be able to grow our business due to a failure in successfully implementing all our growth strategies, including due to a failure in managing our Subsidiaries which run certain of our hospitals, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We propose to grow our business by adopting a series of strategies. For details, see “ **_Our Business – Our Strategies_** ” on page 171. 

Our growth depends on our ability to develop, acquire and manage additional hospitals and to expand and improve our existing hospital facilities. Any failure to effectively manage our Subsidiaries or any future subsidiary or associate under which any new hospital is operated could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, our growth strategies could place significant demand on our management and our administrative, operational and financial resources. Successful implementation of our growth strategies also depends on our access to funds 

41 

and capital, which in part depends on the ability of our hospitals to generate revenues and profits. See also, “– **_Our revenues are highly dependent on our hospitals in Hyderabad (Telangana). We are also significantly dependent on certain specialties for a majority of our revenues. Any impact on the revenues from these hospitals or earnings from our top specialties could materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows_** ” on page 31. 

We are continuously evaluating other projects, including acquisition opportunities. We may not be able to identify suitable greenfield sites for new hospitals, acquisition or hospital management opportunities or opportunities to expand capacity at our existing hospital facilities. The number of attractive expansion opportunities may be limited and may command high valuations. We may be unable to secure the necessary financing or negotiate attractive terms for expansion projects. See also “– **_We may not be able to successfully integrate our acquisitions or investments, which may negatively affect their performance and respective contributions to our results of operations_** ” on page 42. 

Our ability to acquire or build and operate new hospital projects is subject to various risks and uncertainties, many of which may be beyond our control. We may face delays in project execution and significant time and cost overruns, delays or failure to receive government approvals, unavailability of human and capital resources, inability to comply with laws or obtain approvals from relevant authorities or any other risks that we may or may not have been foreseen. For details, see "– **_Risk Factors - We have ceased operations at some of our facilities in the past, and we may continue to do so in the future_** ." below. 

Expansion into new geographic regions, including new regions in India will subject us to various challenges, including those relating to our lack of familiarity with the social, political, economic and cultural conditions of these new regions, language barriers, difficulties in staffing and managing such operations and the lack of brand recognition and reputation in such regions. We may not achieve the operating levels that we expect from future projects and we may not be able to achieve our targeted return on investment on, or intended benefits or operating synergies from, these projects. 

As we operate in a highly competitive industry, we may have to revise our management estimates and even our expansion strategies, from time to time, which may result in significant changes in our funding requirements and may put significant strain on our resources. If we are unable to successfully execute our growth strategies, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 

# **23** **_We may not be able to successfully integrate our acquisitions or investments, which may negatively affect their performance and respective contributions to our results of operations._** 

We have acquired four hospitals since Fiscal Year 2016, and we expect to continue to acquire, build and operate new hospitals as a part of our growth strategy. There is no assurance that we will be able to successfully integrate our acquisitions or anticipate and overcome the challenges arising from our acquisitions and investments. In integrating the healthcare facilities, companies or businesses that we acquire, we may encounter challenges such as legal, regulatory, contractual, or labor issues; difficulties arising from the consolidation of corporate and administrative functions, and difficulties in integrating finance and accounting systems, policies and procedures. Integration of our acquisitions and investments may take significant time and resources and, even if successful, may not yield their expected benefits. 

There is no assurance that we can effectively integrate new facilities with our current operations. We may not be able to transfer skills and experience from one market to another, to recruit, train and retain skilled and qualified management personnel, administrative, sales and marketing personnel, and healthcare professionals or be able to deliver consistent quality of service across the markets we expand into. We have in the past, and will continue to, cooperate and work closely with local doctors in the regions where we set up our hospitals. We cannot assure you that we will be able to identify such doctors or establish mutually beneficial relationship with them on favorable terms, or that such cooperative relationship will benefit us in the anticipated manner, or at all. 

Any business that we acquire may have unknown or contingent liabilities, and we may become liable for the past activities of such businesses. We may be subject to undisclosed risks and liabilities from any historic non-compliances which may exist in relation to such businesses. Although we would typically seek to obtain indemnities and other forms of buyer protections from the sellers of our acquired businesses, assets and companies, these protections may not be adequate or we may not be able to successfully make claims to cover all losses that we may suffer in connection with these liabilities. 

If we are unable to successfully integrate our acquisitions or realize anticipated synergies or economic, operational and other benefits from our acquisitions or investments in a timely manner, we could incur substantial costs and delays or other operational, technical or financial problems, and dilutions to our profit margins. We may also have to dispose of, or wind up, the operating entities that we acquired. 

# **24** **_We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the equity shareholders._** 

We have in the course of our business entered into, and will continue to enter into, several transactions with our related parties, which include loans, advances and guarantees given by our Company on behalf of certain of our loss-making 

42 

**25** 

**26** 

Subsidiaries, namely KHKPL and SIMSPL. For details, see “ **_Other Financial Information - Related Party Transactions_** ” on page 314. We cannot assure you that we will receive similar terms in our related party transactions in the future. While we believe that all such related party transactions that we have entered into are legitimate business transactions conducted on an arms’ length basis, we cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favorable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. Any further transactions with our related parties could involve conflicts of interest. Further, we cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on business and financial results, including because of potential conflicts of interest or otherwise. 

The Companies Act, 2013 has brought into effect significant changes to the Indian company law framework including specific compliance requirements such as obtaining prior approval from the audit committee, board of directors and shareholders for certain related party transactions. All of our related party transactions of our Company shall be conducted in compliance with the applicable accounting standards, provisions of Companies Act, 2013, as amended, provisions under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, and other applicable law as applicable. However, we cannot assure you that in the future related party transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, including as a result of potential conflicts of interest or otherwise. For more information regarding our related party transactions, see “ **_Other Financial Information – Related Party Transactions_** ” on page 314. 

# **_We could be exposed to risks relating to the handling of personal information, including medical data._** 

Indian laws, including proposed legislation such as the draft Digital Information Security in Healthcare Act and the Personal Data Protection Bill 2019, which is yet to become effective, rules and regulations generally require medical institutions to protect the privacy of their patients or clients and prohibit unauthorized disclosure of personal information, including medical data. Compliance with new and evolving privacy and security laws, regulations and requirements may result in increased operating costs and may constrain or require us to alter our business model or operations, which may in turn affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Deficiencies in managing our information systems and data security practices may lead to leaks of patient records, test results, prescriptions, lab records and other confidential and sensitive information which could adversely impact out business and damage our reputation. For example, there has been reports of a recent data breach in India at a multi-specialty hospital unrelated to our Company, where medical data, including lab results and prescriptions, of patients who sought treatment were leaked and available online. 

We have taken measures to maintain the confidentiality of our clients’ medical and personal information, however these measures may not always be effective in protecting our clients’ or patients’ medical information. While we have not faced any such breach or theft of confidential and other sensitive information of our patients or procedures or any kind of data leakage in the past, any breach of our confidentiality obligations to our patients, including due to data leakages or improper use of such medical information notwithstanding the safeguards that we have implemented, could expose us to fines, potential liabilities and legal proceedings, such as litigation or regulatory proceedings, which would adversely impact our reputation. As cyber-attacks and similar events become increasingly sophisticated, we may need to incur additional costs to implement data security and privacy measures, modify or enhance our protective measures or investigate and remediate any vulnerability to cyber incidents. 

# **_We have incurred net loss in the past, and we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability in the future._** 

We have in the past incurred, and may in the future incur, net losses. We incurred net losses for the year of ₹ 488.07 million in Fiscal Year 2019, primarily due to losses on fair value changes in financial instrument and interest expense on liability component of financial instruments, both related to Shares held by ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited (under various funds) (“ **Prior Investors** ”) . For more information, see “ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations – Financial Liability related to a prior investment_** ”. We generated profit for the year of ₹ 1,150.72 million and ₹ 2,054.79 million in Fiscal Years 2020 and 2021, respectively. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to generate net profits or continue to generate positive cash flow from operating activities in the future. We expect to continue to make substantial expenditures in the future to develop and expand our business, which may result in us incurring future losses. Our healthcare business is capital intensive and new hospitals require a gestation period to break even. Our growth strategy may also prove more expensive than we expect, and we may not succeed in growing our revenue at a rate faster than our cost. We may not generate sufficient revenue for a number of reasons, including increasing competition, challenging macro-economic environment, the ramifications of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as other risks discussed elsewhere in this prospectus. If we fail to sustain or increase profitability, our business, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

# **_We are dependent on a number of key personnel, including our Promoters and senior management, and the loss of or our inability to attract or retain such persons could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Our performance is highly dependent on our Promoters, Dr. Bhaskara Rao and Dr. Abhinay Bollineni, senior management and other key personnel to maintain our strategic direction, manage our operations and meet future business challenges 

**27** 

43 

that may also arise in relation to our business. The loss of, or inability to attract or retain, such persons could materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. In particular, the active involvement of our Promoters in our operations and the services of our senior management and our key management personnel have been integral to our development and business. For details in relation to the experience of our Promoters and key management personnel, see “ **_Our Promoters and Promoter Group_** ” and “ **_Our Management_** ” on pages 223 and 207, respectively. If one or more of these individuals or any other member of our senior management team are unwilling or unable to continue in their present positions, we may not be able to replace them with persons of comparable skill and expertise promptly, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial results, results of operations and cash flows. We may take a significant period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when skilled personnel terminate their employment with our Company. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting skilled employees that our business requires. If we are unable to hire and train replacement personnel in a timely manner or increase our levels of employee compensation to remain competitive, our business, financial results, results of operations and cash flows may be materially and adversely affected. 

# **28** **_Our insurance coverage may not adequately protect us and this may have an adverse effect on our business and revenues._** 

Our existing insurance may not be sufficient to cover all damages, whether foreseeable or not. Further, while we maintain insurance against professional errors and negligence for medical services provided at our hospitals as well as public liability insurance, there is no certainty that such insurance will be adequate to cover all claims arising from medical negligence or malpractice. In fiscal years 2019, 2020 and 2021, no negligence or malpractice claim against us has resulted in any liability that is in excess of our insured value. However, any successful claims against us in excess of the insurance coverage may adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. Insurance against losses of this type can be expensive and insurance premiums may increase in the near future. Insurance rates may also vary by specialty and other factors. The rising costs of insurance premiums could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Further, we cannot assure you that we will be able to renew our insurance covering all risks at commercially viable terms or at all. 

There can be no assurance that any claim under the business interruption insurance policy maintained by us will be honored fully, in part or on time, or that we have obtained sufficient insurance (either in amount or in terms of risks covered) to cover all material losses. We may not be insured for certain types of risks and losses that we may also be subject to, as such risks are either uninsurable or that relevant insurances are not available on commercially acceptable terms. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage for events for which we are not insured or for which our insurance is inadequate, the loss would have to be borne by us, and, as a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

Based on a certificate dated May 26, 2021, issued by SV Rao Associates, Chartered Accountants, as of March 31, 2021, all of our assets were covered by insurance, and the amount of our insurance coverage was ₹ 7,953.69 million, representing 112.81% of our total fixed assets. 

# **29** **_We, our Promoters and Directors are involved in certain legal proceedings, any adverse developments related to which could materially and adversely affect our business, reputation and cash flows._** 

There are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company, Promoters, Directors, one of our Subsidiaries and certain Group Companies that are incidental to our business and operations, including criminal proceedings, tax proceedings and certain medical negligence claims. These proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and appellate tribunals. 

A summary of material proceedings against our Company, Subsidiaries, Directors, Promoters and Group Companies as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus is provided below: 

|||||||_(₹ in million)_<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Name of**<br>**Entity**<sup>*****</sup>|**Criminal**<br>**proceedings**|**Tax proceedings**<br>**(including**<br>**property tax)**|**Statutory or**<br>**regulatory**<br>**proceedings**|**Disciplinary actions including**<br>**penalty imposed by the SEBI**<br>**or Stock Exchanges against**<br>**our Promoter in the last five**<br>**financial years**|**Material**<br>**civil**<br>**litigation**|**Aggregate**<br>**amount**<br>**involved (₹ in**<br>**million)**<sup>******</sup>|
|**Company**|||||||
|By the<br>Company|-|-|-|NA|1|-|
|Against the<br>Company|4|10|-|NA|3|361.81|
|**Directors**|||||||
|By the<br>Directors|-|-|-|NA|-|-|



44 

**30** 

|**Name of**<br>**Entity**<sup>*****</sup>|**Criminal**<br>**proceedings**|**Tax proceedings**<br>**(including**<br>**property tax)**|**Statutory or**<br>**regulatory**<br>**proceedings**|**Disciplinary actions including**<br>**penalty imposed by the SEBI**<br>**or Stock Exchanges against**<br>**our Promoter in the last five**<br>**financial years**|**Material**<br>**civil**<br>**litigation**|**Aggregate**<br>**amount**<br>**involved (₹ in**<br>**million)**<sup>******</sup>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Against the<br>Directors|2<sup>***</sup>|-|-|NA|-|-|
|**Promoters**|||||||
|By the<br>Promoters|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|Against the|1<sup>(1)***</sup>|-|-|2|-|-|
|Promoter|||||||
|**Subsidiaries**|||||||
|By the|-|-|-|NA|-|-|
|Subsidiaries|||||||
|Against the|-|1|-|NA|1|0.09|
|Subsidiaries|||||||
|**Total**|7|11|-|2|5|361.90|



- _There is no pending litigation involving our Group Companies which will have a material impact on our Company._ 

- _** To the extent quantifiable._ 

- _***_ 

_Additionally, certain criminal proceedings initiated against our Company, also involve Dr. Bhaskara Rao Bollineni in his capacity as the Managing Director of our Company. For details, see “_ **_Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments - Criminal proceedings against our Directors_** _” on page 354._ 

- _(1) A complaint has been received by Central Bureau of Investigation, Hyderabad (“_ **_CBI Hyd_** _”), from M/S United India Assurance Company Limited in 2007 against BRMH alleging that BRMH is involved in the fraudulent activities of raising medical claims amounting to ₹ 1.40 million. Accordingly, CBI Hyd has filed a criminal proceeding against our Promoter, Dr. Bhaskara Rao Bollineni and BRMH. For further details, see “_ **_Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Outstanding criminal litigation involving our Promoters_** _” on page 353._ 

For further details, see “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation involving our Company_** ” on page 351. We cannot assure you that any of these matters will be decided in favor of our Company, our Subsidiaries, Promoters, Directors, and Group Companies, or that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. Such proceedings could divert management time and attention, and consume financial resources in their defense or prosecution. Further, an adverse judgment in any of these proceedings, individually or in the aggregate could adversely affect our business, reputation and cash flows. 

# **_If we fail to achieve favorable pricing on medical consumables, pharmacy items, drugs, and surgical instruments from our suppliers or are unable to pass on any cost increases to our payers, our profitability could be materially and adversely affected._** 

Our profitability is susceptible to the cost of medical consumables, pharmacy items, drugs and surgical instruments medical. The complex nature of the treatments and procedures we perform at our hospitals requires us to invest in new technology and equipment from time to time, which is generally expensive. For Fiscal Years 2021, 2020 and 2019, purchase of medical consumables, drugs and surgical instruments (net of (increase)/decrease in inventories of medical consumables, drugs and surgical instruments) represented 21.56%, 22.52% and 22.75% of our total income, respectively. 

Our profitability is affected by our ability to achieve favorable pricing on our medical consumables, pharmacy items and medical equipment from our suppliers, including through negotiations for supplier rebates. Because these supplier negotiations are continuous and reflect the ongoing competitive environment, the variability in timing and amount of incremental supplier discounts and rebates can affect our profitability. These supplier programs may change periodically, potentially resulting in higher cost of surgical instruments, drugs and consumables and adverse profitability trends, if we cannot adjust our prices to accommodate such increase in costs. Further, such increased costs may negatively impact our ability to deliver quality care to our patients at competitive prices. If we are unable to adopt alternative means to deliver value to our patients, our revenue and profitability may be materially and adversely affected. 

We may be unable to anticipate and react to the increase in cost of surgical instruments, medical consumables and pharmacy items in the future, or may be unable to pass on these cost increases to our payers, which could materially and adversely affect our profitability. 

# **31** **_Reforms in the healthcare industry and the uncertainty associated with pharmaceutical pricing and other matters could adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows._** 

In India, pharmaceutical prices are subject to regulation and the Government has been actively reviewing prices for pharmaceuticals and their trade margins. India enacted the National Pharmaceuticals Pricing Policy in 2012, which lays down the principles for pricing essential drugs. As a result, a number of drug formulations were identified as essential drugs and were added to India’s National List of Essential Medicines, 2015 and these drugs are subjected to price controls in India. On May 15, 2013, the Department of Pharmaceuticals, Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers released the DPCO 2013 (which replaced the earlier Drugs (Prices Control) Order, 1995). The DPCO 2013 governs the price control 

45 

**32** 

**33** 

mechanism for formulations listed in the National List of Essential Medicines. Our ability to achieve favorable pricing may be affected by such government policies which regulate the pricing of medical items. For example, the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority has in the past set ceilings ceiling on prices of cancer drugs, cardiac stents, drug eluting stents, condoms and intra-uterine devices. 

The DPCO 2013 is amended from time to time, to fix or revise the ceiling prices of certain drug formulations sold in India. The National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (“ **NPPA** ”) also from time to time notifies ceiling price for additional formulations either under the DPCO or in the National List of Essential Medicines. Under the terms of the DPCO 2013, non-compliance with the notified ceiling price or breaching the ceiling price would be tantamount to overcharging the consumer under the order, and the amount charged over and above the ceiling price shall be recovered along with interest thereon from the date of overcharging. See also, "- **_The COVID-19 pandemic has affected our regular business operations and may continue to do so, depending on the severity and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic."_** Any action for violation of pricing regulations may divert management attention and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. While we cannot predict the nature of the measures that may be adopted by governmental organizations in the future or their effect on our business and revenues, the announcement or adoption of such proposals may affect our profit margins, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_Adverse regulatory changes in the healthcare industry, including related to pharmaceutical pricing, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Changes in the regulatory landscape in the Indian health care industry may affect us. For example, in India, the Government regulates pharmaceutical prices and has been actively reviewing prices for pharmaceuticals and trade margins. India enacted the National Pharmaceuticals Pricing Policy in 2012, which lays down the principles for pricing essential drugs. As a result, a number of drug formulations were identified as essential drugs and were added to India’s National List of Essential Medicines, 2015. Drugs on that list are subject to price controls in India. On May 15, 2013, the Department of Pharmaceuticals, Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers released the DPCO 2013 (which replaced the earlier Drugs (Prices Control) Order, 1995). The DPCO 2013 governs the price control mechanism for formulations listed in the National List of Essential Medicines. In addition, the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority has in the past set ceilings on prices of cancer drugs, cardiac stents, drug eluting stents, condoms and intra-uterine devices. The DPCO 2013 is amended from time to time, to fix or revise the ceiling prices of certain drug formulations sold in India. The National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (“NPPA”) also from time to time notifies ceiling price for additional formulations either under the DPCO or in the National List of Essential Medicines. Under the terms of the DPCO 2013, non-compliance with the notified ceiling price or breaching the ceiling price would tantamount to overcharging the consumer under the order, and the amount charged over and above the ceiling price shall be recovered along with interest thereon from the date of overcharging. 

Regulations such as the foregoing pricing restrictions, restrict our ability to achieve favorable pricing and the amount of revenue that we generate on sales of these medical items. Any action for violation of pricing regulations may divert management attention and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We cannot predict the nature of future regulatory measures that may be adopted by the Government in the future or their effect on our business and revenues. If changes in laws or regulations are announced or adopted in the future, and if those changes adversely affect the manner in which we operate our business, our business, financial condition, results of operations, profit margins and cash flows may be adversely affected. 

# **_We are vulnerable to failures of our information technology system, which could adversely affect our business._** 

Our information technology system is critical to our business. We rely on our technology system to, among other things, manage accounting and financial reporting, facilitate consultations among healthcare professionals, prepare and manage medical records, financial records, training programs and inventory. If we experience an interruption or a reduction in the performance, reliability or availability of our technology architecture from natural or man-made causes, or from disruptions from our local service providers, our operations and ability to manage our administrative systems could be adversely impacted. Any technical failures associated with our information technology system, including those caused by power failures, computer viruses and other unauthorized tampering, may impair our ability to provide services to our patients. Corruption of certain information could also lead to delayed or inaccurate judgments or diagnoses in our treatment of patients, and could result in damage to the welfare of our patients. Any failure of our IT systems could materially and adversely affect the operation of all of our hospitals. 

In addition, since we rely on our technology systems to manage our accounting and financial functions, including processing payments to network healthcare providers and invoicing our clients, any technical failures or errors, including errors in manual data entry or programming, could materially and adversely impact our financial reporting, results of operations and cash flows, as well as our reputation and relationships with our network healthcare providers and clients. 

We may be subject to cyberattacks and other cybersecurity risks and threats, including computer break-ins, phishing, and social engineering. Cybersecurity vulnerabilities may put us at risk for possible losses due to fraud, operational disruptions, 

46 

or the unintended dissemination of sensitive personal information, proprietary information or confidential information. We may also be subject to liability as a result of any theft, loss, unauthorized disclosure or misuse of confidential, sensitive and/ or personal information stored on our systems. The development of our information technology system is generally outsourced to third party suppliers, over which we have limited control. Failure by such third party suppliers to adequately secure or manage our information and systems, as well as their discontinuation of existing products and services that we rely on, may adversely affect our operations. 

In addition, we are currently in the process of implementing a SAP system, which involves migration of extensive data from our existing systems. There can be no assurance that we will not encounter data migration or other errors, which could result in the loss of important data, interruptions, delays or cessations in the availability of our systems, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **34** **_Failure to obtain or renew approvals, licenses, registrations and permits to operate our business in a timely manner, or at all, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We operate in a heavily regulated industry and are required to obtain a number of approvals and licenses from governmental and regulatory authorities, for example in relation to the operation of our hospitals and other medical facilities, procurement and operation of medical equipment, storage and sale of drugs and in relation to educational courses. Certain of our services, including blood banks at certain hospitals, are operated through third parties, and such parties are responsible for obtaining the requisite licenses and approvals. For an overview of the applicable regulations and the nature of key approvals and licenses to be obtained, see “ **_Key Industry Regulations and Policies_** ” on page 190. 

There is no assurance that the approvals and licenses that we require will be granted or renewed in a timely manner or at all by the relevant governmental or regulatory authorities. For instance, an application for renewal of the fire NoC filed by the building owner of KIMS Kondapur hospital building (Block I), from whom we have leased the premises, has been **_-_** recently rejected by the Telangana State Disaster Response and Fire Services Department. For details see, “ **_One of our hospital buildings taken on lease, KIMS Kondapur, does not possess the requisite occupancy certificate from the relevant municipal authority and fire NoC from Telangana State Disaster Response and Fire Services Department. We may be subject to adverse regulatory action and may be required to vacate this facility, which may materially and adversely affect our business, reputation and financial condition._** ” and “ **_Government and Other Approvals - Material Approvals in relation to our business and operations_** ” on page 31 and 357, respectively. Failure to obtain or renew such approvals and licenses in a timely manner would render our operations non-compliant with applicable laws, and may subject us to penalties by relevant authorities. We may also be prevented from operating the relevant hospitals or performing certain procedures or treatments with equipment that requires special approvals or licenses, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

While we have obtained the required approvals for our operations, certain approvals for which we have submitted applications are currently pending. In addition, we have in the past and may in the future apply for certain additional approvals, including the renewal of approvals which may expire from time to time and approvals required for the expansion or setting up of new medical facilities or the introduction of a medical service or procedure, in the ordinary course of business. For details of Government and other approvals, see “ **_Government and Other Approvals - Material Approvals in relation to our business and operations_** ” on page 357. 

We also maintain certain accreditations, including accreditations from the National Accreditation Board for Hospitals and Healthcare Providers (“ **NABH** ”) for certain of our hospitals, accreditations from National Accreditation Board for Testing and Calibration Laboratories (“ **NABTCL** ”) for certain of our laboratories, and Green OT certification for certain of our operation theatres. For details, see “ **_History and Certain Corporate Matters – Awards and Accreditations_** _”_ on page 200. If we lose current accreditations or fail to renew such re-accreditations of our hospitals by NABH, NABTCL and other agencies, or if we fail to obtain additional accreditations for our hospitals, our reputation, business operations could be adversely affected. Furthermore, in the event certain accreditations are made compulsory, either by law or as a condition for empanelment, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as we may not be able to obtain such accreditation in a timely manner, or at all. 

Our licenses, approvals and accreditations are subject to periodic renewals, various maintenance and compliance requirements and governmental investigations and reviews, which could be time-consuming and may incur substantial expenditure. If our compliance systems and process are deemed inadequate or fail and such investigations or reviews find any non-compliance or violations, we may suffer brand and reputational harm and become subject to regulatory actions or litigation, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows, operating results or financial position. We may be required to change our business practices, and we may have to pay fines or be subject to other penalties, including the revocation of permits and licenses, and the modification, suspension or discontinuation of our operations. This would impose additional operating costs and capital expenditures on us, and adversely affect our reputation. We, our directors, executive officers, doctors and employees may also face criminal charges. Furthermore, any investigation or legal and regulatory proceedings in connection with alleged violations could result in the imposition of further financial or other obligations or restrictions on us and generate negative publicity for our business. Changes to existing public policies, laws, regulations, guidelines 

47 

**35** 

and licensing requirements could also impose additional compliance costs that may materially and adversely affect our profitability and business. We cannot assure you that the approvals, licenses, registrations or permits issued to us may not be suspended or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. In addition, any suspension, revocation or termination of one or more of our operational licenses may also lead to consequences under the terms of our other licenses. 

As we expand our business under the evolving regulatory landscape, there may be additional approvals or licenses that are or become required for our operations. If we fail to obtain or renew any applicable approvals, accreditations, licenses, registrations or consents in a timely manner, or at all, we may not be able to perform certain treatments or services or treat patients from certain corporate contracts/empanelment, which may affect our ability to maintain such empanelment and consequently may affect our business, cash flows or results of operations. 

# **_We may require additional funding to finance our operations, which may not be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and if we are unable to raise funds, the value of your investment in us may be negatively impacted._** 

We operate in a capital intensive industry and may need additional funding to finance our operations and growth strategies. Sources of additional financing may include commercial bank borrowings, supplier financing, or the sale of equity or debt securities. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain any additional financing on terms acceptable to us, or at all. The cost of raising capital may be high. Any additional funding we obtain may strain our cash flows and financial condition. Our ability to raise additional financing in the future is subject to a variety of uncertainties, including but not limited to: 

- our future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows; 

- general market conditions for debt financing and capital raising activities; and 

- economic, political and other conditions in India. 

If we raise additional funds through equity or equity-linked financing, your equity interest in our Company may be diluted. Alternatively, if we raise additional funds by incurring debt obligations, we may be subject to various covenants under the relevant debt instruments that may, among other things, restrict our ability to pay dividends or obtain additional financing. Servicing such debt obligations could also be burdensome to our operations. If we fail to service such debt obligations or are unable to comply with any of the covenants thereunder, we could be in default under such debt obligations and our liquidity and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

# **36** **_Our Promoters, Dr. Bhaskara Rao Bollineni and Dr. Abhinay Bollineni, have provided personal guarantees in relation to certain loan facilities availed by us, which if revoked may require alternative guarantees, repayment of amounts due or termination of the facilities and may adversely impact our cash flow, business and result of operations._** 

As of March 31, 2021, our Promoters Dr. Bhaskara Rao Bollineni and Dr. Abhinay Bollineni have provided personal guarantees as security to secure some of our existing borrowings and may continue to provide similar guarantees in the future. In addition, our Promoters may be required to liquidate their respective shareholding in our Company to settle the claims of the lenders, thereby diluting their shareholding in our Company. Lenders for such facilities may require alternate guarantees, repayment of amounts outstanding under such facilities, or may even terminate such facilities. We may not be successful in procuring alternative guarantees satisfactory to the lenders, and as a result may need to repay outstanding amounts under such facilities or seek additional sources of capital, which may not be available on acceptable terms or at all and any such failure to raise additional capital could affect our operations and our financial condition. 

# **37** 

# **_Lack of health insurance in India may adversely affect our business, cash flows, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Health insurance penetration in India stood at 37% as of March 31, 2018, according to the CRISIL Report commissioned by us. Under most indemnity plans under health insurance policies in India, insurance companies negotiate special package rates with a number of hospitals for various common procedures, for which the insured can receive without incurring any out-of-pocket payment. The insured is responsible for paying out-of-pocket expenses to the healthcare providers first and then filing a claim to get reimbursed for any treatments received outside the network. Most health insurance policies in India cover only inpatient care costs. Consequently, higher out-of-pocket expenses related to healthcare in India may make healthcare unaffordable for lower income households. Due to the lack of viable health insurance policies in India, demand for our medical services may not increase as expected. Additionally, lack of penetration of health insurance in India, may adversely affect our trade receivables if more patients pay out-of-pocket or require us to extend them credit terms. As a result, our business, cash flows and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

# **_We have certain commitments and contingent liabilities that may adversely affect our financial condition._** 

The following table sets forth our commitments as per Ind AS 16 for the years indicated. 

**38** 

48 

**39** 

|**Particulars**||**As of March 31,**||
|---|---|---|---|
||**2021**|**2020**|**2019**|
|||(_₹ in millions_)||
|Capital commitment|184.45|66.36|201.70|



The following table sets forth our contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37 for the years indicated. 

|**Particulars**||**As of March 31,**<br>||
|---|---|---|---|
||**2021**|**2020**<br>(_₹ in millions_)|**2019**|
|Luxurytax matters in dispute|82.27|82.27|82.27|
|Service tax matters in dispute|0.09|0.09|31.72|
|Good and Service tax matters in dispute|6.59|-|-|
|VAT matters in dispute|1.76|1.76|1.76|
|Medical<br>claims<br>(gross,<br>excluding<br>interests/costs)|124.78|100.68|88.38|
|Other claims|23.76|23.76|23.76|



If a significant portion of these liabilities materialize, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_Conflicts of interest may arise out of common business objects shared by our Company, certain of our Group Companies and our Promoters, which may affect our business, results of operations and financial conditions._** 

The main objects clause of the constitutional documents of Sri Viswa Medicare Limited, one of our Group Companies, permits it to undertake business which is similar to our business. Currently, Sri Viswa Medicare Limited operates two single specialty hospitals at Secunderabad. We cannot assure you that in the absence of any specific non-compete arrangements with Sri Viswa Medicare Limited, we will be able to suitably resolve any such conflict in the future without an adverse effect on our business or operations. 

In addition, the main objects clause of the constitutional documents of our Promoter, BRMH, permits it to provide human health care services and operate hospitals. Pursuant to a demerger scheme in 2012, BRMH transferred its hospital business to us, and BRMH currently does not carry on any relevant business. However, there is no assurance that BRMH would refrain from engaging in such business in the future and that conflicts of interests will not arise between BRMH and our other Shareholders. We cannot assure you that BRMH, as our Promoter, will not try causing our Company to take actions, or refrain from taking actions, for BRMH's own benefits, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, our Promoters, Rajyasri Bollineni and Adwik Bollineni are on the governing board of Aditya Educational Society, which runs a medical college and an attached hospital. There is no assurance that Rajyasri Bollineni and Adwik Bollineni will not provide competitive services or otherwise compete in business lines in which are already present or will enter into in the future. Such factors may have an adverse effect on the results of our operations and financial condition. 

# **40** **_We outsource some of our service functions to third-party contractors. Any lapse by such third party service providers may have adverse consequences on our business and reputation._** 

We currently rely on certain third party contractors to provide services. We do not have direct control over these thirdparty contractor providers, and there is no guarantee that our third-party service providers will provide satisfactory services to us and our patients. Our service providers may experience disruptions in their operations or service, include due to factors beyond our control. If any of our service providers’ operations or services are disrupted or terminated, we may not be able to find alternative service providers with quality and on commercial terms to our satisfaction in a timely and reliable manner, or at all. Poor quality service or lapses in service from our third party service providers may expose us to liabilities that we may not be able to recover from the service providers and may adversely affect our brand and reputation. We do not enter into any employment agreements with such service personnel dispatched by our third-party service providers. However, in the event that any of our third-party service providers default on their employer obligations, we may be held responsible for providing statutory benefits, including the salaries/wages of these employees, which may increase our operating expense and adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. In addition, we may be subject to additional requirements or restrictions under the evolving labor law regime in India. For example, under our house-keeping agreement, the service provider is entitled to increase the fees payable in case of an increase in the cost relating to statutory compliances. Further, our house-keeping agreements also enable the service provider to sub-delegate its responsibilities and terminate the agreement for whatsoever reason with prior notice. If we fail to comply with the new regime, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business. 

49 

# **41** **_We may be subject to worker unrests and increased wage expenses which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

India has stringent labor legislations that protect the interests of workers, which includes legislation that sets forth detailed procedures for the establishment of labor unions, dispute resolution and employee removal and legislation that imposes certain financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment of employees. Even though our employees are not unionized, in the event that employees at our hospitals seek to unionize, our costs may increase and our business could be adversely affected. For instance, in the past, doctors and nurses of certain government hospitals in AP and Telangana had gone on strike to demand an increase in salary. While we have not experienced any strikes or labour unrest at any of our hospitals in the past, occurrence of strikes and work-stoppage in the future could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We are also subject to laws and regulations governing relationships with our employees, in areas such as minimum wage and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and terminating of employees. If we fail to comply with such regulations, it could lead to enforced shutdowns and/or other sanctions imposed by the relevant authorities. If labor laws become more stringent, it may become difficult for us to maintain and continue to optimize our flexible human resource policies, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our financial condition may also be adversely affected by other changes in labour laws. For instance, while the Code on Social Security, 2020, has not come into effect yet, in the future, we may be required to pay gratuity on a pro rata basis to our consultant doctors, upon expiration of their fixed term of employment, irrespective of their term of service. 

# **42** **_Our Company and Subsidiaries have availed and may in the future avail certain unsecured borrowings which may be recalled by our lenders at any time._** 

Our Company and Subsidiaries have availed and may in the future continue to avail certain unsecured borrowings (such as loans from our directors and financial institutions), which may be recalled at any time, with or without the existence of an event of default. Any such recall may adversely affect our financial condition. 

# **43** **_Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and in accordance with the dividend distribution policy adopted by our Board on May 25, 2021 and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. See “ **_Dividend Policy_** ” on page 232. 

# **44** **_Certain of our individual Promoters, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel hold Equity Shares in our Company and are therefore interested in our performance in addition to their remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Certain of our Directors (including our individual Promoters) hold equity interests in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses, to the extent of their shareholding in our Company. We cannot assure you that our Promoters will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. Our Promoters will continue to exercise significant control over us, including being able to control the composition of our Board of Directors and determine decisions requiring simple or special majority voting of shareholders, and our other shareholders may be unable to affect the outcome of such voting. Our Promoters may take or block actions with respect to our business which may conflict with the best interests of our Company or that of minority shareholders. For details on the interest of our Promoters and Directors of our Company, other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or normal remuneration or benefits, see “ **_Our Management – Interest of Directors_** ”, “ **_Our Management – Interest of KMPs_** ” and “ **_Our Promoters and Promoter Group– Interest of Promoters_** ” on pages 213, 221 and 224, respectively. 

# **45** **_Our Promoters and members of our Promoter Group will continue to retain control over our Company after completion of the Offer, which will allow them to influence the outcome of matters submitted for approval of our shareholders._** 

Following the completion of the Offer, our Promoters and members of our Promoter Group will continue to hold approximately [•]% of our post-Offer Equity Share capital. As a result, they will have the ability to significantly influence matters requiring shareholders’ approval, including the ability to appoint Directors to our Board of Directors and the right to approve significant actions at Board and at shareholders’ meetings, including the issue of Equity Shares and dividend payments, business plans, mergers and acquisitions, any consolidation or joint venture arrangements, any amendment to our MOA and AOA, and any assignment or transfer of our interest in any of our licenses. We cannot assure you that our Promoters will not have conflicts of interest with other shareholders or with our Company. Any such conflict may adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy or to operate our business. 

50 

# **46** **_One of our Promoters, Dr. Bhaskara Rao Bollineni and our Whole-time Director, Anitha Dandamudi are interested in property acquired by our Company in the last five years._** 

Pursuant to the resolution passed by our Board on January 18, 2019 and the sale deed dated July 6, 2019, our Company purchased a land parcel admeasuring 594 square yards owned by Dr. Bhaskara Rao Bollineni situated at GNT Road, Nellore, SPSR Nellore district, Andhra Pradesh for the expansion of the existing KIMS Nellore hospital, for an amount of ₹ 74.25 million excluding registration and other applicable charges. Further, pursuant to the resolution passed by our Board on December 23, 2015, and the lease deed dated March 24, 2016, our Company has taken on lease a land parcel admeasuring 3403.78 square yards from Dr. Bhaskara Rao Bollineni situated at Nellore City, Dargmitta, Western side of GNT Road, Venkataramana Theatre area, Nellore district, Andhra Pradesh from March 24, 2016 till March 23, 2046 at an annual rent of ₹ 0.10 million exclusive of service tax and all other taxes except property tax, subject to TDS as may be applicable from time to time. Additionally, pursuant to the resolution passed by our Board on January 8, 2021 and the sale deed dated January 29, 2021, our Company purchased a land parcel admeasuring 3 acres 90 cents owned by BSCPL Infrastructure Limited situated at Tambaram Taluk, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, for an amount of ₹ 292.50 million. Krishnaiah Bollineni and Seenaiah Bollineni, brothers of Dr. Bhaskara Rao Bollineni, are the promoters and directors of BSCPL Infrastructure Limited. Additionally, our Whole-time Director, Anitha Dandamudi is also a director on the board of BSCPL Infrastructure Limited. For further details, see “ **_Our Management – Interest of Directors_** ” on page 213, “ **_Other Financial Information – Related Party Transactions_** ” on page 314 and “ **_Risk Factors – We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the equity shareholders_** _”_ on page 42. 

# **47** 

# **_This Red Herring Prospectus contains industry information that has been extracted or derived from an industry report prepared by CRISIL Research, which was commissioned by our Company._** 

This Red Herring Prospectus includes information that is derived from the industry report titled “Assessment of the healthcare delivery market in India, February 2021” prepared by CRISIL Research (the “ **CRISIL Report** ”), pursuant to an engagement with our Company. CRISIL Research is not related to our Company, its Directors or Promoters, in any manner. We commissioned the CRISIL Report from research firms independent from us, and the CRISIL Report was prepared for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the healthcare industry in India. Neither we, nor any of the BRLMs, nor any other person connected with the Offer has verified the information in the CRISIL Report. The CRISIL Report highlights certain industry and market data. Such data is subject to many assumptions. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industries in which we conduct our business, and methodologies and assumptions may vary widely among different industry sources. Such assumptions may change based on various factors. We cannot assure you that CRISIL Research’s assumptions are correct or will not change and accordingly our position in the market may differ from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. The CRISIL Report is prepared based on information as of specific dates, which may no longer be current or reflect current trends as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. The estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that are used in the CRISIL Report may also be challenged or proved to be incorrect. Further, CRISIL Research, a division of CRISIL Limited (" **CRISIL** "), has advised that, while it has taken due care and caution in preparing the CRISIL Report based on the information that it considers reliable, CRISIL does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the CRISIL Report or the data therein and is not responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of CRISIL Report or the data therein. The CRISIL Report or any other industry data or sources are not recommendations to invest in our Company. CRISIL especially states that it has no liability to the subscribers / users / transmitters / distributors of the CRISIL Report. Prospective investors are advised not to place undue reliance on the CRISIL Report or extracts thereof as included in this Red Herring Prospectus, when making their investment decisions. See “ **_Certain Conventions Presentation of Financial, Industry and Market Data_** ” and “ **_Industry Overview_** ” on pages 12 and 116, respectively. 

# **48** **_This Red Herring Prospectus contains certain Non-GAAP measures related to our operations and financial performance that may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry._** 

This Red Herring Prospectus includes certain non-GAAP measures, including hospital revenue, group revenue, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin, adjusted profit before tax, adjusted profit after tax, net worth, return on net worth, net asset value per equity share, non-current borrowings (including current maturity of long term debt) /equity ratio, total borrowings/equity ratio, which are in a supplemental measure of our performance and liquidity that is not required by, or presented in accordance with, Ind AS, Indian GAAP, IFRS or US GAAP. We consider these non-GAAP measures useful in evaluating our business and financial performances. However, these non-GAAP measures are not alternatives to any measure of performance or liquidity or as an indicator of our operating performance or liquidity. They should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to cash flows, profit/ (loss) for the year or any other measure of financial performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity, profitability or cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities derived in accordance with Ind AS, Indian GAAP, IFRS or US GAAP. There are no standard methodologies in the industries for computing such measures, and those non-GAAP measures we included in this Red Herring Prospectus may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. Other companies may calculate similarly titled measures differently, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures to our 

51 

**49** 

**50** 

data. We encourage investors and others to review our financial information in its entirety and not rely on a single financial measure. For details, see “ **_Other Financial Information - Non-GAAP Financial Measures_** ” on pages 311. 

**_The objects of the Offer have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds are based on management estimates and may be subject to change based on various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Any variation in the utilization of the Net Proceeds or in the terms of the conditions as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders’ approval._** 

Our funding requirements and deployment of the Net Proceeds are based on internal management estimates and current market conditions, and have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution or other independent agency. It is subject to change in light of changes in external circumstances, costs, other financial condition or business strategies. Furthermore, the deployment of the Net Proceeds is at our discretion. We operate in a highly competitive and dynamic industry and may need to revise our estimates from time to time based on changes in external circumstances or costs, or changes in other financial conditions, business or strategy. This may entail rescheduling, revising or canceling planned expenditure and funding requirements at our discretion. We intend to utilize ₹ [•] million from the Net Proceeds for general corporate purposes. The Net Proceeds of the Offer earmarked for general corporate purposes based on the Offer constitutes [•]% of the Net Proceeds of the Offer. For details, see “ **_Objects of the Offer_** ” on page 100. 

While we have obtained consents from our lenders in terms of our respective financing facilities for the purposes of the Offer; however, one such lender consent is subject to: (a) our Promoters retaining management control during the tenure of such financing facility; and (b) our Promoters and Promoter Group continuing to hold approximately 30% of the equity share capital of our Company during the tenure of such facility. We cannot assure you that our Promoters and Promoter Group will continue to comply with such conditions during the tenure of such facility which may adversely affect us in the future. 

In accordance with Section 13 (8) and Section 27 of the Companies Act, 2013, we cannot change the utilization of the Proceeds or the terms of any contract as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus without obtaining the Shareholders’ approval through a special resolution. We may not be able to obtain the Shareholders’ approval in a timely manner, or at all, in the event we need to make such changes. Any delay or inability in obtaining such Shareholders’ approval may adversely affect our business or operations. 

Further, our Promoters would be required to provide an exit opportunity to the shareholders who do not agree with our proposal to change the object of the Offer or vary the terms of such contracts, at a price and manner as prescribed by SEBI. The requirement on Promoters to provide an exit opportunity to such dissenting shareholders may deter our Promoters from agreeing to any changes made to the proposed utilization of the Net Proceeds, even if such change is in our interest. Further, we cannot assure you that our Promoters will have adequate resources to provide an exit opportunity at the price prescribed by SEBI. For further details on exit opportunity to dissenting shareholders, see “ **_Objects of the Offer - Variation in Objects of the Fresh Issue_** ” on page 107. In light of these factors, we may not be able to undertake variation of object of the Offer to use any unutilized proceeds of the Offer, if any, or vary the terms of any contract referred to in this Red Herring Prospectus, even if such variation is in our interest. This may restrict our ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition by re-deploying the un-utilized portion of the Net Proceeds, if any, or varying the terms of any contract, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_Our hospitals are susceptible to risks arising on account of fire and other incidents._** 

We store, handle and use certain chemicals, such as alcohol, sanitizers, gases, fuel and other inflammable materials at some of our hospitals. Healthcare facilities are subject to risks associated with fires, power failures, telecommunications failure and other events. Such events could materially impact our business in the future. Furthermore, any short circuit of power supply for our equipment and machines including air conditioning plants, power supplies, could result in accidents and fires that could result in injury or death to our employees, our patients, and other persons present at our hospitals. While we have not encountered any significant accidents in the past 3 years, there is no assurance such accident will not happen in the future. In the event of such an incident, we cannot assure you that our insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover all damages and losses we become liable for. 

# **51** **_If we are unable to establish and maintain an effective internal control, our business and reputation could be adversely affected._** 

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal measures commensurate with the size and complexity of operations. Our internal audit functions make an evaluation of the adequacy and effectiveness of internal systems on an ongoing basis to ensure our operations adhere to our policies, compliance requirements and internal guidelines. We periodically test and update our internal processes and systems and there have been no past material instances of failure to maintain effective internal controls and compliance system. However, we are exposed to operational risks arising from the potential inadequacy or failure of internal processes or systems, and our actions may not be sufficient to ensure effective internal checks and balances in all circumstances. 

52 

**52** 

We take reasonable steps to maintain appropriate procedures for compliance and disclosure and to maintain effective internal controls over our financial reporting so that we produce reliable financial reports and prevent financial fraud. As risks evolve and develop, internal controls must be reviewed on an ongoing basis. Maintaining such internal controls requires human diligence and compliance and is therefore subject to lapses in judgment and failures that result from human error. Any lapses in judgment or failures that result from human error can affect the accuracy of our financial reporting, resulting in a loss of investor confidence and a decline in the price of our equity shares. 

Further, our operations are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations. These laws generally prohibit us and our employees and intermediaries from bribing, being bribed or making other prohibited payments to government officials or other persons to obtain or retain business or gain some other business advantage. We participate in collaborations and relationships with third parties whose actions could potentially subject us to liability under these laws or other local anticorruption laws. While our code of conduct requires our employees and intermediaries to comply with all applicable laws, and we continue to enhance our policies and procedures in an effort to ensure compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations, these measures may not prevent the breach of such anti-corruption laws, as there are risks of such breaches in emerging markets, such as India, including within the healthcare sector. If we are not in compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement and other sanctions and remedial measures, and legal expenses, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Likewise, any investigation of any potential violations of anti-corruption laws by the relevant authorities could also have an adverse impact on our business and reputation. 

# **_Our Company will not receive the entire proceeds from the Offer. Some of our Shareholders are selling shares in the Offer and will receive proceeds as part of the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer comprises a Fresh Issue of [•] Equity Shares aggregating up to ₹ 2,000.00 million by our Company and an offer for sale of up to 23,560,538 Equity Shares aggregating up to ₹ [•] million by the Selling Shareholders. The proceeds from the Offer for Sale will be paid to the Selling Shareholders in proportion to their respective portion of their Offered Shares and our Company will not receive any such proceeds. For further details, see the section entitled “ **_Objects of the Offer_** ” and “ **_Capital Structure_** ” on pages 100 and 85 respectively. 

# **53** **_There have been instances in the past where we have not made certain regulatory filings with the RoC and there were certain instances of discrepancies in relation to certain statutory filings and corporate records of our Company. Further, we have sought for a condonation of delay and compounding from the National Company Law Tribunal, Hyderabad for failure to appoint a company secretary for certain past periods._** 

In respect of the preferential allotments made during the year 2004 to 2007, the details of which are provided in “ **_Capital Structure - Share Capital History_** ” on page 85, copies of respective shareholders’ resolutions authorizing the allotment of Equity Shares, were not filed with the RoC as required under section 192(4) of the Companies Act, 1956. In respect of the delay, we have filed applications for condonation of delay dated April 11, 2017 with the Secretary, Ministry of Corporate Affairs. By orders dated June 28, 2017, the Assistant Director, Ministry of Corporate Affairs condoned the delay without imposing any penalty and permitted our Company to file the requisite forms. We have subsequently filed copies of the aforementioned orders and shareholders’ resolutions with the RoC on July 27, 2017. Further, there have been certain discrepancies in relation to statutory filings and records required to be made with the RoC with respect to preferential allotments dated September 14, 2005 and March 29, 2004. We have made filings with the RoC rectifying the aforesaid discrepancies. For further details, see “ **_Capital Structure_** ” on page 85. Further, as per the provisions of the Companies Act, every company having a net worth above the prescribed threshold is required to appoint a company secretary. Our Company had not appointed a company secretary as per the Companies Act, for certain past periods and had filed a petition before the National Company Law Tribunal, Hyderabad seeking condonation of delay and compounding of this matter. National Company Law Tribunal, Hyderabad has compounded the violation and we have paid the applicable compounding fee. 

# **54** **_We have limited knowledge and records of documents relating to corporate actions undertaken by our Company prior to February 2003._** 

Until the year 2003, our Company was owned, managed and controlled by Jagjit Singh and his family members. Subsequently, in February 2003, certain of our Promoters, namely Dr. Bhaskara Rao Bollineni, Krishnaiah Bollineni and BRMH, along with certain other persons and entities acquired 245,000 Equity Shares, being the entire equity share capital of the Company (then ‘Jagjit Singh and Sons Private Limited’) from the then existing shareholders pursuant to a memorandum of understanding and agreement of takeover dated August 22, 2002. We have been unable to trace the complete set of documents pertaining to corporate, accounting, financial, legal and other statutory records, including any supporting documents and/or RoC filings for the period prior to the acquisition, other than minutes of the meeting of board of directors of the Company from incorporation till January 1987 and from July 26, 2002 to November 15, 2002. Therefore, we are unable to conclusively ascertain _inter alia_ all amendments to the Memorandum of Association of our Company till February 2003. Further, we do not have any supporting documents to ascertain whether our Company had at any point of time prior to February 2003 entered into any arrangement or scheme of amalgamation, acquired any business or undertaking, undertaken revaluation of its assets, carried out a public offering of debt securities, experienced strikes, lock-outs or 

53 

time/cost overruns, defaulted on or rescheduled its borrowings from financial institutions or banks or changed its registered office. The relevant documents are also not available at the office of the Registrar of Companies, AP and Telangana, Hyderabad (which included inspection of filings of the Company available with the Registrar of Companies, Maharashtra, at Mumbai), as certified by IKR & Associates, Company Secretaries, pursuant to their certificate dated June 26, 2017, based on the search performed by them. Consequently, disclosures in relation to changes in our issued, subscribed and paid up share capital from incorporation until January 1987 and from July 26, 2002 to November 15, 2002 have been made in reliance of the minutes of the meetings of board of directors dated July 26, 1973, July 15, 1974, March 25, 1975, January 30, 1976, July 31, 1976, December 27, 1976, March 30, 1977, July 6, 1978, March 3, 1979, January 5, 1994 and February 15, 2003. We cannot assure you that these form filings and corporate records will be available in the future or that we will not be subject to any penalty imposed by the competent regulatory authority in this respect or that we will not incur additional expenses arising from our inability to furnish correct particulars in respect of the RoC filings or other corporate records, or for misrepresentation of facts which may occur due to non-availability of documents. 

# **EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

# **55** **_Challenges that affect the healthcare industry will have an effect on our operations._** 

Our business is subject to challenges as faced with by the entire Indian healthcare industry, including, among others, providing quality patient care in a competitive environment while managing costs. We face competition from governmentowned hospitals, other private hospitals, clinics, hospitals operated by non-profit organizations. Furthermore, healthcare costs in India have increased significantly over the past decade. There have been and may continue to be proposals by legislators and regulators to lower healthcare costs in India and limit the rate of increase, cap the margins and fix the price of healthcare procedures and diagnostics. Certain proposals by the Government of India, if passed, could impose, among other things, limitations on prices for our services. 

In addition, our business, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected by other factors that may impact the broader Indian healthcare industry, including but not limited to: 

- general economic conditions which adversely impact the quantum of disposable income that can be allocated for healthcare services; 

- temporary requisitioning of healthcare facilities due to health pandemics such as COVID-19; 

- demographic changes, such as an increase in the percentage of elderly patients, which could result in increased government expenditures for healthcare services and lead to various price control measures in relation to healthcare costs in India; 

- the expansion rate of health insurance coverage in India; 

- seasonal cycles of illness as a function of varying climate, weather conditions and disease outbreaks; and 

- shortage of qualified healthcare professionals. 

Any failure by us to effectively address these and other factors could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **56** **_Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including tax laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business and financial performance._** 

The governmental and regulatory bodies in India and other jurisdictions where we operate may notify new regulations and/or policies, which may require us to obtain approvals and licenses from the government and other regulatory bodies, or impose onerous requirements and conditions on our operations, in addition to those which we are undertaking currently. Any such changes and the related uncertainties with respect to the implementation of new regulations may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

In addition, unfavorable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and investments in our Company by non-residents, could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and/or may require us to apply for additional approvals. 

Tax and other levies imposed by the central and state governments in India that affect our tax liability include central and state taxes and other levies, income tax, turnover tax, goods and services tax, stamp duty and other special taxes and surcharges which are introduced on a temporary or permanent basis from time to time. The final determination of our tax liabilities involves the interpretation of local tax laws and related regulations in each jurisdiction as well as the significant use of estimates and assumptions regarding the scope of future operations and results achieved and the timing and nature of income earned and expenditures incurred. We are involved in various disputes with tax authorities. For details of these 

54 

**57** 

disputes, see _“_ **_Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_** _”_ on page 351. Moreover, the central and state tax scheme in India is extensive and subject to change from time to time. 

Any change in Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. For instance, the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Ordinance, 2019, a new tax ordinance issued by India’s Ministry of Finance on September 20, 2019, prescribes a number of changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. According to this new ordinance, companies can henceforth voluntarily opt for a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which would ultimately reduce the effective tax rate for Indian companies from 34.94% to approximately 25.17%. We have opted for the concessional tax regime and continue to be subject to other benefits and exemptions. Any such future amendments may affect our other benefits such as an exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemption for interest received in respect of tax free bonds, and long-term capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. 

The Finance Act, 2020 (“ **Finance Act** ”), has, amongst others things, provided a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime, including, without limitation, a simplified alternate direct tax regime and that dividend distribution tax (“ **DDT** ”), will not be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as nonresident and are likely to be subject to tax deduction at source. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source from such dividend. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. Further, the Government of India has notified the Finance Act, 2021, which has introduced various amendments to taxation laws in India. There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. 

Further, a draft of the Personal Data Protection Bill, 2019 has been introduced before the Lok Sabha on December 11, 2019, which is currently being referred to a joint parliamentary committee by the Parliament. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

# **_The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Board or the IPO Committee, as applicable, in consultation with the BRLMs and in accordance with the Book Building Process and will be based on numerous factors. For further information, see _“_ **_Basis for Offer Price_** _”_ on page 108. The Offer Price may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. There can be no assurances that Bidders who are Allotted Equity Shares through the Offer will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

# **58** **_The market price of our Equity Shares may be adversely affected by additional issues of equity or equity linked securities or by sale of a large number of our Equity Shares by our Promoters and significant shareholders and additional issues of equity may dilute your equity position._** 

We may be required to finance our growth or strengthen our balance sheet through additional equity offerings. Any future issuance of equity or equity-linked securities by us may dilute the positions of investors in our Equity Shares and could adversely affect the market price of our Equity Shares. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. Although our Promoters will be subject to a lock-in after the Offer, sales of a large number of our Equity Shares by our Promoters and significant shareholders after the expiry of the lock-in periods could adversely affect the market price of our Equity Shares. For further details on the lock-in of Equity Shares, see “ **_Capital Structure_** ” on page 85. 

# **59** **_There is no existing market for our Equity Shares, and we do not know if one will develop. The price of our Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Indian Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may bear no relationship 

55 

**60** 

**61** 

**62** 

to the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions and environment towards developments relating to India and volatility in the BSE and the NSE and securities markets elsewhere in the world. 

# **_Any downgrading of India's debt rating by an international rating agency could have an adverse impact on our business._** 

Any adverse revision to the rating of India's domestic or international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such funding is available. This could have an adverse effect on our business and future financial performance, its ability to obtain financing for capital expenditures and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_Significant differences exist between the Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles, such as IFRS, which may be material to investors' assessments of our financial condition._** 

Our Restated Financial Statements as of and for the years March 31, 2021, March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019, have been derived from our audited financial statements as at and for the years ended March 31, 2021, March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 prepared in accordance with Ind AS and restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the ICAI Guidance Note. 

Ind AS differs in certain significant respects from IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. If our Restated Financial Statements were to be prepared in accordance with such other accounting principles, our results of operations, cash flows and financial position may be substantially different. Prospective investors should review the accounting policies applied in the preparation of our Restated Financial Statements and consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between these accounting principles and those with which they may be more familiar. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

# **_Our business is dependent on the Indian economy. Any adverse development or slowdown in Indian economy may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The performance and growth of our business are necessarily dependent on economic conditions prevalent in India, which may be materially and adversely affected by central or state political instability or regional conflicts, a general rise in interest rates, inflation, and economic slowdown elsewhere in the world or otherwise. 

There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. India’s economic growth is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports (oil and oil products), global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in currency exchange rates and annual rainfall which affects agricultural production. Any continued or future slowdown in the Indian economy or a further increase in inflation could have a material adverse effect on the price of our medical equipment for our services and, as a result, on our business and financial results. 

The Indian financial market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly in the emerging market in Asian countries. Financial turmoil in Asia, Europe, the U.S. and elsewhere in the world have affected the Indian economy in the past. Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. A loss in investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability, including the financial crisis and fluctuations in the stock markets in China and further deterioration of credit conditions in the U.S. or European markets, could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy. Financial disruptions may occur again and could harm our business and financial results. 

# **63** **_Foreign investors are subject to foreign investment restrictions under Indian law that limits our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely impact the market price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under the foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfers of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions) if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI or in the alternate, the pricing is in compliance with the extant provisions of the SEBI Regulations. If the transfer of shares is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then the prior approval of the RBI will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert the Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India will require a no objection or a tax clearance certificate from the income tax authority. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other Government agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. 

56 

In terms of Press Note 3 of 2020, dated April 17, 2020, issued by the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (“ **DPIIT** ”), the foreign direct investment policy has been recently amended to state that all investments under the foreign direct investment route by entities of a country which shares land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country will require prior approval of the GoI. Further, in the event of a transfer of ownership of any existing or future foreign direct investment in an entity in India, directly or indirectly, resulting in the beneficial ownership falling within the aforesaid restriction/ purview, such subsequent change in the beneficial ownership will also require approval of the GoI. Furthermore, on April 22, 2020, the Ministry of Finance, GoI has also made a similar amendment to the FEMA Rules. While the term “beneficial owner” is defined under the Prevention of Money-Laundering (Maintenance of Records) Rules, 2005 and the General Financial Rules, 2017, neither the foreign direct investment policy nor the FEMA Rules provide a definition of the term “beneficial owner”. The interpretation of “beneficial owner” and enforcement of this regulatory change involves certain uncertainties, which may have an adverse effect on our ability to raise foreign capital. Further, there is uncertainty regarding the timeline within which the said approval from the GoI may be obtained, if at all. 

# **64** **_Financial instability in the global or Indian financial markets could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition and may cause the price of our Equity Shares to decline._** 

The Indian financial market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly in the United States and Asian emerging market countries. Financial turmoil in the global economy has affected the Indian economy in the past. Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors' reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. A loss in investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy. Financial disruptions may occur again and could harm our results of operations and financial condition. 

# **65** **_Civil disturbances, regional conflicts and other acts of violence in India and abroad may disrupt or otherwise adversely affect the Indian economy._** 

Certain events that are beyond the control of our Company, such as violence or civil unrest, including those involving India, the United Kingdom, the United States or other countries, may adversely affect worldwide financial markets and could potentially lead to a severe economic recession, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and more generally, any of these events could lower confidence in India's economy. Southern Asia has, from time to time, experienced instances of civil unrest and political tensions and hostilities among neighboring countries. Political tensions could create a perception that there is a risk of disruption of services provided by India-based companies, which could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. Furthermore, if India were to become engaged in armed hostilities, particularly hostilities that are protracted or involve the threat or use of nuclear weapons, the Indian economy and consequently Company's operations might be significantly affected _._ India has from time to time experienced social and civil unrest and hostilities, including riots, regional conflicts and other acts of violence. Events of this nature in the future could have an adverse effect on our ability to develop our business. As a result, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

# **66** 

# **_You may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of our Equity Shares._** 

Under the current Indian tax laws and regulations, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is levied both at the time of transfer and acquisition of the equity shares (unless exempted under a prescribed notification), and the STT is collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realized on the sale of equity shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold using any other platform other than on a recognized stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, are subject to long term capital gains tax in India. Such long term capital gains exceeding ₹ 100,000 arising from the sale of listed equity shares on the stock exchange are subject to tax at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess). Unrealized capital gains earned on listed equity shares up to January 31, 2018 continue to be tax-exempted in such cases. Further, STT will be levied and collected by an Indian stock exchange if the equity shares are sold on a stock exchange. With respect to capital gains arising in an off market sale, long term capital gains are subject to tax at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) without the exemption of ₹ 100,000. Short-term capital gains, arising from the sale of such equity shares on a stock exchange would be subject to tax at the rate of 15% (plus applicable surcharge and cess), while short term capital gains arising in an off-market sale would be subject to tax at a higher rate of 40% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) in the case of foreign companies and 30% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) in the case of other non-resident taxpayers. 

The Finance Act, 2019 amended the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 with effect from July 1, 2020. It clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on 

57 

**67** 

the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2019 may have on our Company’s business and operations. 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. In cases where the seller is a non-resident, capital gains arising from the sale of the equity shares will be partially or wholly exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Additionally, the Finance Act, 2020 does not require dividend distribution tax to be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. Historically, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the equity shares. 

# **_Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us or our management._** 

The enforcement of civil liabilities by overseas investors in our Equity Shares, including the ability to effect service of process and to enforce judgments obtained in courts outside of India may be adversely affected by the fact that we are incorporated under the laws of the Republic of India and all of our executive officers and Directors reside in India. As a result, it may be difficult to enforce the service of process upon us and any of these persons outside of India or to enforce outside of India, judgments obtained against us and these persons in courts outside of India. 

Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13 and Section 44A of the Civil Procedure Code (“ **Civil Code** ”) on a statutory basis. Section 44A of the Civil Code provides that where a foreign judgment has been rendered by a superior court, within the meaning of that Section, in any country or territory outside India which the Government has by notification declared to be in reciprocating territory, it may be enforced in India by proceedings in execution as if the judgment had been rendered by the relevant court in India. However, Section 44A of the Civil Code is applicable only to monetary decrees not being in the same nature of amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalties. 

The United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong, among other countries, have been declared by the Government to be a reciprocating territory for the purposes of Section 44A of the Civil Procedure Code. A judgment of a court of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit upon the judgment under Section 13 of the Civil Procedure Code, and not by proceedings in execution. Section 13 of the Civil Code provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated upon except: (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction; (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case; (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable; (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice; (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud; or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. Under the Civil Procedure Code, a court in India shall, upon the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgment, presume that the judgment was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record. The suit must be brought in India within 3 years from the date of judgment in the same manner as any other suit filed to enforce a civil liability in India. 

Further, there are considerable delays in the disposal of suits by Indian courts. It may be unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Furthermore, it may be unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages awarded as excessive or inconsistent with public policy in India. A party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval from the RBI under FEMA to repatriate any amount recovered pursuant to execution and any such amount may be subject to income tax in accordance with applicable laws. Any judgment or award in a foreign currency would be converted into Indian Rupees on the date of the judgment or award and not on the date of the payment. 

# **68** **_Any catastrophe, including natural calamities, man-made disasters, health epidemics and other outbreaks, could have a negative effect on the Indian economy and cause our business to suffer._** 

India has experienced natural calamities such as cyclones, earthquakes, tsunami, floods and drought in the past few years. The extent and severity of these natural disasters determines their effect on the Indian economy. The erratic progress of a monsoon would also adversely affect sowing operations for certain crops. Further prolonged spells of below normal rainfall or other natural calamities and outbreak of pandemics like COVID-19 in the future could have a negative effect on the Indian economy, adversely affecting our business and the price of our Equity Shares. 

58 

# **RISK RELATING TO THE OFFER AND THE EQUITY SHARES** 

# **69** **_Holders of Equity Shares could be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and could thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, 2013 a company incorporated in India must offer holders of its Equity Shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of Equity Shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to the issuance of any new Equity Shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the Equity Shares who have voted on such resolution. However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without us filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. We may elect not to file a registration statement in relation to pre-emptive rights otherwise available by Indian law to you. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares, you may suffer future dilution of your ownership position and your proportional interests in us would be reduced. 

# **70** **_Rights of shareholders of companies under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

The Articles of Association, the composition of our Board and other aspects of our corporate affairs, including the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities and shareholders’ rights, are governed by Indian laws and may differ from companies in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive and wide-spread as shareholders' rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

# **71** **_Any future issuance of Equity Shares may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may in the future issue equity shares, debt securities and other kind of financing instrument to finance our future growth or fund our business activities. Any future equity issuances by us, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. The trading price of the Equity Shares may be adversely affected by our future equity issuances (including under an employee benefits scheme), disposal of our Equity Shares by the Promoters or any of our other principal shareholders, changes in our shareholding structure to comply with minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India, or any public perception regarding such issuance or sales, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. There can be no assurance that we will not issue additional Equity Shares at a price which is lower than the Offer Price or that our existing shareholders including our Promoters will not dispose of further Equity Shares after the completion of the Offer (subject to compliance with the lock-in provisions under the SEBI ICDR Regulations) or pledge or encumber their Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of shareholders' investment in the Equity Shares and adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. Such securities may also be issued at prices below the Offer Price. 

# **72** **_The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares has been determined through a book-building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to factors including variations in the operating results of our Company, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

# **73** **_QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within six Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing 

Date, or such other period as may be prescribed by the SEBI events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may arise between the date of submission of the Bid 

59 

**74** 

and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders' ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

# **_Requirements of being a listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the SEBI Listing Regulations which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. 

Further, as a listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

60 

