# **SECTION III - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Potential investors should carefully consider all the information in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, the industry in which we operate or to India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not currently known to us or that we currently do not deem material may also adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. If any or some combination of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or believed to be adverse, actually occur, our business, results of operations and financial condition could suffer, the trading price of, and the value of your investment in, our Equity Shares could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. In order to obtain a complete understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Industry Overview”, “Our Business”, “Restated Financial Statements” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 116, 138,196 and 285, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and our business and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved._ 

_Potential investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are unable to quantify the financial or other impact of any of the risks described in this section. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Draft Red Herring Prospectus also contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forwardlooking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 17._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information for Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020 and for the nine months ended December 31, 2019 and 2020 included herein is derived from the Restated Financial Statements, included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, which have been derived from our audited financial statements and restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note on Reports in Company Prospectuses (Revised 2019) issued by the ICAI, as amended from time to time, which differ in certain material respects from IFRS, U.S. GAAP and GAAP in other countries. For further information, see “Restated Financial Statements” on page 196. Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, in this section, references to “the Company”, “our Company”, “we”, “us” or “our”, are to Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the report titled “Assessment of the diagnostic industry in India with a special focus on government spending” dated May 2021 (the “_ **_CRISIL Report_** _”) prepared and issued by CRISIL Limited commissioned by and paid for by us in connection with the Offer. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the CRISIL Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year._ 

# **INTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

**_1. A substantial portion of our revenue from operations depend on payments under contracts with public health agencies. If we are unable to negotiate and retain similar fee arrangements, if the contracts are cancelled, or if we are unable to realize payments due to us, our business may be materially and adversely affected._** 

Over the last few years, the significant majority of our revenue from operations has been generated from contracts with public health agencies. Revenue from sale of service to public health agencies was ₹578.19 million, ₹1,506.61 million, ₹1,884.34 million, ₹1,365.81 million and ₹2,042.24 million in Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020 and in the nine months ended December 31, 2019 and 2020 and represented 53.75%, 72.01%, 72.92%, 72.03% and 67.95%, respectively, of our total revenue from operations in such periods. 

24 

Our future success is dependent to a large extent on our ability to maintain good relationships with public health agencies. If our relationship with these entities deteriorate or if we are unable to fulfil our contractual obligations, our contracts may be terminated and these entities may contract with other providers. In addition, certain of these agreements contain restrictive terms such as the inability to assign or sublet a portion of a contract to a third party and prior approval from the public health agency or the facility for appointment of radiologists, anaesthetists and radiographers. In addition, we are required to take prior consent to mortgage, pledge or hypothecate equipment to raise additional funding for our operations and obtain certain operational approvals. Further, these agreements are not always subject to an automatic extension and renewal of such agreements is based on mutually acceptable terms. If we are unable to renew such agreements on terms that are commercially viable, we might not be able to recover the full costs incurred towards setting up of such diagnostic centres. 

We may also be exposed to the risk that certain entities, especially public health agencies, may reject, delay or fail to make payment for services rendered. This risk may arise from financial difficulties such as liquidity constraints or on account of human or computer error or gaps in system. In Fiscals 2018, 2019, 2020 and in the nine months ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, our trade receivables were ₹286.41 million, ₹562.23 million, ₹614.32 million, ₹714.77 million and ₹1,049.86 million, respectively. An increase in trade receivables, rejection of invoices or prolonged or repeated failures or delay by such public health agencies to make payments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

Further, we are also exposed to the risk of cancellation of the contract and subsequent blacklisting by public health agencies in case we fail to provide our services effectively, which would adversely affect our ability to obtain additional public private partnership tenders in the future. In case we get blacklisted from participating in future tenders issued by government entities, it could affect our ability to operate and deploy diagnostic centres with private healthcare providers and thereby adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

**_2. Most of our diagnostic centres have been established and are operated under PPP contracts awarded by government agencies through a competitive bidding process. There can be no assurance that we will qualify for, or that we will successfully compete and win such tenders._** 

A majority of our diagnostic centres have been established and are operated under PPP contracts awarded by government agencies through a competitive bidding process. In Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020 and in the nine months ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, we bid for five, eight, two, seven and two tenders through a competitive bidding process and were awarded three, six, two, six and two tenders, respectively. Tenders are awarded based on our meeting the prescribed qualification criteria followed by a competitive bidding process. While service quality, technological capacity and performance, health and safety records and personnel, as well as reputation, relevant experience and adequate financial resources are typically important considerations in awarding contracts for such tenders, there can be no assurance that we will be able to meet applicable qualification criteria in the future. Prospective bidders that meet the qualification requirements of the tender are then required to provide financial bids and a tender is usually awarded based on such financial bids. We spend considerable time and resources in the preparation and submission of bids. There can be no assurance that we will be able to bid for tenders where we have been prequalified, or that our bids will be successful. In addition, such tender process may be subject to changes in qualification criteria, unexpected delays and uncertainties. There can be no assurance that the tenders for which we bid will be tendered within a reasonable time, or at all. In the event that new tenders which have been announced and which we plan to bid for are not put up for tender within the announced timeframe, or qualification criteria are modified such that we are unable to qualify, our business and financial prospects may be materially and adversely affected. 

Other risks associated with the competitive bidding process include compliance with strict regulatory requirements that may increase our compliance costs. Government tenders are typically awarded to the lowest bidder that meets the technical conditions of the tender, which makes winning tenders difficult. In addition, lowering our pricing in order to win tenders could adversely affect our margins; the tender process is long and may be subject to significant delays; terms and conditions of contracts, including requests for proposals and tenders tend to be more onerous and are often more difficult to negotiate than those for other commercial agreements; and contracts with public health agencies may not include a limit on direct or consequential damages, which could result in our assuming additional risks and incur additional expenses in servicing these contracts. 

25 

The growth of our business and operations are directly and significantly dependent on our ability to win new projects, and our future results of operations and cash flows can fluctuate materially depending on the timing of contract awards. Further, all our ongoing projects have been awarded to us for a definite term and the relevant authorities may float tenders for such projects following the expiry of the current term. There is no assurance that we will be awarded such projects at the end of the tender process or be successful in renewing our current projects on terms that are favourable to us. 

**_3. The COVID-19 pandemic may significantly affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows._** 

A pandemic caused by a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) continues to severely impact the global economy. Central and state governmental authorities in India have implemented numerous policies and initiatives to try and reduce the transmission of COVID-19, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, and business shutdowns. These policies and initiatives have resulted in, among other things, a significant reduction in visits to healthcare institutions, cancellation of elective medical procedures, increased unemployment, and the adoption of work-from-home policies, all of which have had, and we believe will continue to have, an impact on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 

The further spread of COVID-19, including the rise of variants thereof, and our initiatives to address the pandemic will likely continue to impact our business operations, thereby materially and adversely affecting our financial performance. Our revenue from operations increased by 58.50% from ₹1,896.19 million in the nine months ended December 31, 2019 to ₹3,005.44 million in the nine months ended December 31, 2020 as a consequence of increased testing related to the impact of COVID-19. We may not be able to sustain such increase in revenue from operations in the future. In addition, our total expenses increased by 7.97% from ₹2,658.93 million in the nine months ended December 31, 2019 to ₹2,870.91 million in the nine months ended December 31, 2020. We have incurred additional costs in order to provide for the safety of our employees and the continuity of our operations, including increased frequency of deep cleaning and sanitation at each of our diagnostic centres, additional safety training and processes, enhanced hygiene practices and materials, flexible and remote working where possible, and allowing for greater social distancing for our employees who must work on-site. Additionally, we have introduced various changes at our diagnostic centres relating to the comfort and safety of patients, resulting in increased costs. For example, we had to perform frequent fumigation of our diagnostics centres as well as provide hygiene and safety equipment such as PPE kits, masks, face shields and conducting frequent temperature checks. 

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have experienced significant volatility, including periods of material decline compared to prior year periods, in testing volume in our base business (which excludes COVID-19 polymerase chain reaction (“ **PCR** ”) molecular pathology testing to diagnose the virus) and this volatility, including periods of material decline, could continue. Although we also have experienced heavy demand for PCR testing as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, which has had a positive impact on our overall testing volume, the duration and level of the demand for, and reimbursement for, COVID-19 molecular testing is uncertain. We may also experience an adverse impact on cash collections and supply chain disruptions, including shortages, delays and price increases in testing equipment and supplies, as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

We performed over 750,000 COVID-19 PCR tests in the nine months ended December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2020, our Company had capacity to perform 15,000 PCR tests per day, but our testing capacity is dependent on access to multiple testing platforms and the availability of equipment and testing supplies and key personnel. Despite our efforts to obtain adequate clinical trial kits and testing supplies and expand capacity to make clinical trials collection kits and perform clinical trials testing, we may not be successful in meeting the increased demand, and our patients and other stakeholders may perceive our responses to the pandemic as insufficient, inadequate or inferior to that of our competitors, including with respect to availability of testing kits, personnel and time required for delivery of test results. 

We believe that the pandemic’s adverse impact on our business operations and financial performance will be impacted by the severity and duration of the pandemic, its continued impact on the healthcare system in India and on the Indian economy in general, the effectiveness of the government’s response to the pandemic and its ability to efficiently administer COVID-19 vaccines across India. These matters beyond our control will continue to evolve over time, and consequently we cannot at this time reasonably estimate or account for the 

26 

impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business operations and financial performance, and any such adverse impact could be material. 

Our business operations and consequent financial performance in any financial period is likely to be impacted, depending on the severity of the pandemic in such period in the cities and regions we operate in, and the challenges relating to implementation of COVID-19 vaccinations in such regions and across India. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic has moderated and the business and social distancing restrictions have eased, we may continue to experience similar adverse effects to our business operations and financial performance resulting from a recessionary economic environment that may persist. 

**_4. We rely on our information technology systems and the telecommunication network in India in providing our diagnostic services and managing our operations, and any disruption to such systems or networks could adversely affect our business operations, reputation and financial performance._** 

We have information technology systems that support our business processes, including for conducting tests, transmission of test results, billing services, quality control, tracking logistics, human resources, finance and other patient service functions. As a result, our business depends on the capacity, reliability and security of our technology systems, as well as the systems of third-party information technology vendors we engage. These systems may be susceptible to outages due to events beyond our control, including fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, natural disasters, break-ins and similar events. In addition, our radiology diagnostic centres have remote review and reporting capabilities, as they are connected to our tele-radiology hub through special image transfer software. While to date we have not experienced any significant disruption of our operations or services provided to patients, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter such disruptions in the future as a result of any such event. If we experience system interruptions, errors or downtime (which could result from various causes, including changes in client use patterns, technological failure, changes to systems, linkages with third-party systems and power failures) or if we are unable to access necessary technology to effectively serve our patients and manage our operations, our business prospects and financial performance could be materially and adversely affected. Our hardware and software may be susceptible to damage, human error, natural disasters, power loss, sabotage, computer viruses, and other events beyond our control such as interruption in internet services. Managing an effective response to such disruptions may require significant effort on part of our employees and third-party vendors in order to protect our information technology systems. Sustained system failures or interruption of our systems (including systems of third-party information technology vendors) in one or more of our diagnostic centre operations could disrupt our ability to process requisitions, perform testing, provide test results in a timely manner and complete other business administration functions. The occurrence of any such events could adversely affect our business, interrupt our operations, subject us to increased operating costs and expose us to litigation. 

**_5. Business interruption at our diagnostic centres and our tele-radiology reporting hub could result in significant losses and reputational damage to our business._** 

We operated over 1,800 diagnostic centres across 13 states as of December 31, 2020. We also operate our tele-radiology reporting hub in Pune. Each of our diagnostic centres and particularly our tele-radiology reporting hub is critical to our operations. Any risk of business interruption at our diagnostic centres or at our tele-radiology reporting hub on account of any external factors such as adverse weather, remote geographical locations, natural disasters, fire, riots, terrorism, acts of war, vandalism, extended power failures, internet failures or other unforeseen events could have a material adverse impact on our business operations and results of operations. Further, there may be instances where the network connectivity of our tele-radiology hub to our diagnostic centres is disrupted on account of the aforementioned reasons. Business interruption could also be the result of internal factors such as failure to comply with regulatory requirements and the resulting loss of authorisation to operate the facility, labour conflict or termination or non-renewal of leases. A business interruption of this kind at our diagnostic centres or at our tele-radiology reporting hub could have a severe negative impact on our overall business, both by direct loss of revenue and profits related to the site, but also through the long-term damage that such a business interruption could inflict on our relationships with patients and our reputation. Any such disruption could also have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operation. 

27 

**_6. The prices that we can charge for our diagnostic services are dependent on recommended or mandatory fees fixed under the terms of the agreements entered into with public and private healthcare providers._** 

The prices that we charge for our services are fixed under the contracts we enter with public and private healthcare service providers. Reference prices of government services, pricing limits imposed by the government and any government linked insurance schemes may limit our ability to determine or revise the prices of the services we offer. Other than certain escalation terms, we have limited ability to determine the prices of the services we offer at our diagnostic centres. Further, the escalation clauses included in the agreements we have entered into may not be in line with inflation linked costs or even the actual increase in expenses incurred in our operations. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. Further, if the central and state governments implement mandatory pricing regimes, our margins could deteriorate which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

**_7. Delays in the establishment of diagnostic centres could lead to termination of the agreements or cost overruns, which could have an adverse effect on our cash flows, business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are required to deploy our diagnostic centres, including those to be financed through IPO Proceeds, within healthcare facilities as per the schedule specified in the agreement we enter into with a healthcare provider. Subject to certain customary exceptions such as (i) occurrence and continuance of force majeure events that are not within our control, or (ii) delays that are caused due to reasons solely attributable to the healthcare provider, failure to adhere to contractually agreed timelines or extended timelines could require us to pay liquidated damages as stipulated in the agreements or lead to encashment and appropriation of the bank guarantee or performance security. The counterparty may also be entitled to terminate the agreement in the event of delay in completion of the establishment of the diagnostic centre if the delay is not on account of any of the agreed exceptions. In the event of termination of any of our contracts for such reasons, we may only receive partial payments under such agreements and such payments may be less than our estimated cash flows from such contracts. Further, we may not be able to obtain extensions for the contracts on which we face delays or time overruns or able to achieve entire term of operation as originally envisaged under these agreements, which could adversely affect our ability to maximise gains from such centres. 

We have faced delays in completion of setting-up of diagnostic centres and may continue to face delays in completion for certain of diagnostic centres which are in the process of being established. For example, in our contract with Pune Municipal Corporation, we faced delays in establishing centres due to water leakage issue which was subsequently resolved. However, this did not result in any financial implications for our Company. Further, setting-up of diagnostic centres requires that we receive the site from the public health agency or private healthcare provider and any delays in handover of the site to establish the diagnostic centre could also result in delays and cost overruns. The scheduled completion targets for establishment of our diagnostic centres are estimates and are subject to delays as a result of unforeseen problems including force majeure events, issues arising out of availability of equipment, unavailability of financing, unanticipated cost increases or changes in scope and inability in obtaining government approvals. There can be no assurance that there will not be delays in the future and any such delays could have adverse effects on our cash flows, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_8. Our business is capital intensive. If we experience insufficient cash flows from our operations or are unable to borrow to meet our capital requirements, it may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our business requires significant amount of working capital. A considerable amount of time may elapse between setting up a diagnostic centre including requisite equipment, and generating revenues from diagnostic services we provide. There may be circumstances where funds available with us may not be sufficient to fulfil our business commitments, and we may need to incur additional indebtedness, or utilize internal accruals to satisfy our working capital needs. We will continue to require substantial capital in connection with the maintenance and development of our business network and infrastructure. In Fiscals 2018, 2019, 2020 and in the nine months ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, our capital expenditure towards additions to fixed assets (property, plant and equipment’s, capital work in progress, intangible assets under development and intangible assets) were ₹891.68 million, ₹1,037.49 million, ₹519.00 million, ₹368.15 million and ₹495.47 million, respectively. Our future success depends on our ability to continue to secure and successfully manage sufficient amounts of working capital. The actual amount of our future capital 

28 

requirements may differ from estimates as a result of, among other factors, unforeseen delays or cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, economic conditions, technological changes and additional market developments. We have further estimated ₹1,508.10 million for proposing to finance the cost of establishing diagnostics centres at Punjab, Karnataka, Himachal Pradesh and Maharashtra, based on the Project Report. In addition, our ability to arrange financing and the cost of such financing are dependent on various factors, including general economic and capital market conditions, impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, availability of credit from banks, investor confidence, the continued success of our business and operations and regulations conducive to raising capital. 

As we pursue our growth strategies, we may be required to raise additional funds by incurring further indebtedness or issuing additional equity to meet our capital expenditures. If we experience insufficient cash flows or are unable to borrow funds on a timely basis, or, at all, to meet our working capital and other requirements, or to pay our debts, it could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Management of our working capital requirements involves the timely payment of, or rolling over of, our short-term indebtedness and securing new and additional loans on acceptable terms, or re-negotiation of our payment terms for, our trade payables, collection of trade receivables and preparing and following accurate and feasible budgets for our business operations. If we are unable to manage our working capital requirements, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. There can be no assurance that we will be able to effectively manage our working capital. Should we fail to effectively implement sufficient internal control procedures and management systems to manage our working capital and other sources of financing, we may have insufficient capital to maintain and grow our business, and we may breach the terms of our financing agreements with banks, face claims under crossdefault provisions and be unable to obtain new financing, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. For further information on the working capital facilities currently availed of by us, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 323. 

**_9. We are subject to numerous legal and regulatory requirements governing our activities, and if we fail to comply with such requirements, we may face substantial fines and penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our business is subject to, and affected by, extensive, stringent and frequently changing laws and regulations, as well as frequently changing enforcement regimes, including, but not limited to, laws and regulations governing: 

- certification or licensing of diagnostic centres; 

- sampling conducted by medical doctors or duly authorised personnel; 

- compliance with operational, personnel and quality requirements relating to clinical laboratory testing, including quality control audits by regulatory authorities to which we are periodically subject; 

- establishment of safety and health standards for employees of diagnostic centres; 

- proper handling, transportation and disposal of medical samples, infectious and hazardous waste; 

- • compliance with certain rules regulating relationships with doctors and hospitals (including laws and regulations prohibiting kickbacks and regulating gifts or fringe benefits); and 

- • maintaining the privacy of patient data. 

In addition, we must meet extensive requirements relating to workplace safety for employees in clinical laboratories who could be exposed to various biological risks, such as blood-borne pathogens. These requirements include work practice controls, protective clothing and equipment, training and medical followup and may also include vaccinations and other measures designed to minimise exposure to, and transmission of, blood-borne pathogens. 

Certain of our diagnostic centres in Himachal Pradesh, Rajasthan and Tamil Nadu through which we provide our services are “clinical establishments” under the Clinical Establishments (Registration and Regulation) Act, 2010 and the Clinical Establishments (Central Government) Rules, 2012 and the respective state legislation in this regard. These laws and regulations require registration and regulation of clinical establishments in India, prescribe minimum standards, requires clinical establishments to charge rates for its facilities and services within the range as determined by the Central Governments, and provide penalties in case of any contravention. For some of our diagnostic centres that qualify as clinical establishments, we have made applications for registration, for which we are yet to receive final certification from the relevant authority. 

29 

We are also subject to a broad range of safety, health and environmental laws and various labor, workplace and related laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, which impose controls on the disposal and storage of raw materials, bio-medical waste and water discharges, on the storage, handling, discharge and disposal of chemicals, employee exposure to hazardous substances and other aspects of our operations. For example, the Biomedical Waste Management Rules, 2016 (“ **Biomedical Waste Rules** ”) are applicable to all persons generating, collecting, receiving, storing, transporting, treating, disposing or handling bio-medical waste in any form including hospitals, clinics and pathological laboratories. The Biomedical Waste Rules prescribe different categories of waste and various treatment and disposal options. Non-compliance in the discharge of medical waste or of other hazardous substances or other pollutants into the soil or water may cause us to be liable to the government and regulatory bodies or to third parties. In addition, we may be required to incur costs to remedy the damage caused by such discharges, pay fines or other penalties for non-compliance. We also enter into separate contracts for collection, transportation, treatment and disposal of bio-medical wastes as well. If the third party vendor with whom we have entered into an agreement is unable to discharge its contractual obligations our operations may be adversely affected. 

In addition, some of our imaging procedures emit radiation, which generate medical and other regulated wastes. Storage, use and disposal of these materials and waste products present the risk of accidental environmental contamination and physical injury. 

A regulatory agency may conclude that we are not in compliance in all material respects with applicable laws and regulations. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, if such laws or regulations change in a manner adverse to us or we cannot maintain, renew or secure required permits, licences or other necessary regulatory approvals, we may be unable to operate our business or commercialise services, suffer civil and criminal penalties or fines, or incur additional liabilities from third-party claims. If any of the foregoing were to occur, our reputation could be damaged, important relationships with contract clients or other third parties could be adversely affected and these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

We are also subject to the laws and regulations governing relationships with employees in such areas as minimum wage, gratuity, provident fund and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and termination of employees, contract labour and work permits. There is a risk that we may inadvertently fail to comply with such regulations, which could lead to enforced shutdowns and other sanctions imposed by the relevant authorities, as well as the withholding or delay in receipt of regulatory approvals. 

# **_10. Failure to establish and comply with appropriate quality standards when performing imaging, testing and diagnostics services could result in litigation and liability for us and could materially and adversely affect its reputation and results of operations._** 

The imaging and diagnostics tests that we perform and services we provide, are intended to supply healthcare professionals with information to help them establish or support diagnoses and prescribe medication and treatment for patient care. Inaccuracies or negligence in performing the testing and imaging services, for example through the misreading of test results, overdose of drugs, the contamination of samples or errors caused by testing equipment, could lead to incorrect diagnoses by doctors, adverse reactions by patients to the substances used in diagnostic testing, prescriptions of inappropriate treatment or decisions by doctors and other healthcare professionals not to prescribe treatment when treatment is required. Any of these may lead to illness, harm, death or other adverse effects or liabilities, which could in turn subject us to malpractice claims from patients. Further, we are also generally exposed to liabilities relating to its employees’ contact with hazardous samples and waste. 

Claims and litigation or any negative publicity against us by either patients or employees may result in liability for the harm or other adverse effects caused. Payments related to such liabilities may adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. The process of defending such cases, including the malpractice claims discussed above, even when we may be successful in their defence, is costly, could distract management from executing our strategy and could result in substantial damage to our Company’s reputation in the medical community and adverse publicity leading to substantial damage to our reputation in the general public, each of which could materially and adversely affect our business. To the extent we are held liable for negligence, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

30 

**_11. We require certain approvals, licenses, registrations and permits for conducting our business and our inability to obtain, retain or renew them in a timely manner, or at all, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our operations are subject to extensive government regulation and we are required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory permits and approvals under central, state and local government rules in the geographies in which we operate, generally for carrying out our business and for each of our diagnostic centres. For further information in relation to such approvals, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 328. Our Company obtains material permits, licenses and approvals from the appropriate regulatory and governing authorities required to operate its diagnostic centres. The regulatory licenses that we require are typically granted for a limited term and are subject to renewal at the end of such terms. Certain approvals may have lapsed in their normal course and our Company has either made applications to the appropriate authorities for renewal of such licenses and/or approvals or is in the process of making such applications. For example, we have made applications for certain approvals such as (a) clinical establishment licenses in Rajasthan and for some of our centres in Tamil Nadu, and (b) shops and establishments licenses for our centres in Kolar and Vijayapura, however, we are yet to receive such approvals. We cannot assure that we will be able to obtain or renew all necessary licenses and registrations as and when required, within a reasonable time, or at all. 

Our licenses and approvals are subject to various conditions, including periodic renewal and maintenance standards that are subject to inspection and may require us to incur substantial expenditure. Any actual or alleged failure on our part to comply with the terms and conditions of such regulatory licenses and registrations could expose us to significant compliance costs or liabilities or could affect our ability to continue our operations. Further, in the event certain accreditations, are made compulsory, either by law or as a condition for empanelment, our business and operations may be adversely affected until such time we receive such accreditations. 

If we fail to obtain or renew any applicable approvals, licenses, registrations or consents in a timely manner, we may not be able to undertake certain operations of our business, or at all, which may affect our business or results of operations. We cannot assure you that the approvals, licenses, registrations or permits issued to us will not be suspended or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. In addition, any suspension, revocation or termination of one or more of our operational licenses may also lead to consequences under the terms of our other licenses. Any failure to renew the approvals that have expired, or to apply for and obtain the required approvals, licenses, registrations or consents, or any suspension or revocation of any of the approvals, licenses, registrations or consents that have been or may be issued to us, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_12. The diagnostics industry in India is highly competitive and our inability to compete effectively may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The diagnostics industry in India is highly competitive with several companies present in the market, and therefore it is challenging to improve market share and profitability. Our competitors include diagnostic healthcare service providers in India, hospital-based diagnostic centres, independent clinical laboratories, other smaller-scale providers of diagnostic services (with more established local and regional presence in certain geographies) such as pathology, radiology laboratories and preventive care providers as well as international service providers which may establish and expand their operations in future. We compete on the breadth of our test offerings, the geographical reach of our network, our ability to accurately undertake scans or process specimens and report data in a timely manner and our patient relationships. Some of our competitors may have greater financial, research and development, marketing and other resources, broader service offerings, more experience in obtaining regulatory approvals or greater geographic reach. 

Also, the pricing-related competition may intensify in the near future which may have an adverse impact on the results of our operations, including our profit margins. Increase in the number of comparable diagnostic healthcare facilities may exert additional pricing pressure on some or all of our services. In addition, we may price our services differently in different regions of India, which may lead to patient dissatisfaction. Our competitors may also succeed in providing services that are more effective, popular or cheaper than ours, which may render our services uncompetitive. Our larger competitors may modify their business model to benefit from increased cost efficiencies and provide services similar to ours at a significant discount to our 

31 

prices. If we are unable to compete effectively, our business could decline or contract and our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

**_13. We may be unable to retain or recruit trained professionals, which may adversely impact the reputation of our brand and materially and adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows._** 

Our ability to meet continued success and future business challenges depends on our ability to attract, recruit and retain qualified, experienced, talented and skilled professionals. Without a sufficient number of qualified employees, our operations and delivery of services could suffer. Competition for qualified technicians and pathologists is intense, both in retaining our existing employees and when replacing or finding additional suitable employees. Competition among diagnostic companies for qualified employees, particularly qualified radiologists, is intense and the ability to retain and attract qualified individuals is critical to our success. As of December 31, 2020, we had 729 permanent employees. Although the attrition rate of our employees was 15.31% in the nine months ended December 31, 2020, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to recruit and retain qualified and capable employees. The loss of the services of our personnel or our inability to recruit or train a sufficient number of experienced personnel or our inability to manage the attrition levels in different employee categories may have an adverse effect on our financial results and business prospects. Further, if we cannot hire additional qualified personnel or retain them, our ability to expand our business may be impacted. As we intend to continue to expand our operations and develop new products, we will need to continue to attract and retain experienced management, pathologists and radiologists. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting suitable employees. 

**_14. We are required to furnish bank guarantees as part of our business. Our inability to arrange such guarantees or the invocation of such guarantees may adversely affect our cash flows and financial condition._** 

As part of our business and as is customary, we are required to provide financial and performance bank guarantees in favour of the public health agencies under the respective agreements for the establishment of diagnostic centres we undertake to deploy and operate. In connection with establishment of such diagnostic centres, we typically issue bank guarantees to the relevant agency with whom the contractual arrangement has been entered into. 

These guarantees are typically required to be furnished within a few days of the signing of a contract and remain valid up to around 12 months after the liability period prescribed in that contract. We may not be able to continue obtaining new financial and performance bank guarantees in sufficient quantities to match our business requirements. If we are unable to provide sufficient collateral to secure the financial bank guarantees, performance bank guarantees or letters of credit, our ability to enter into new contracts or obtain adequate supplies could be limited and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Providing security to obtain letters of credit, financial and performance bank guarantees also increases our working capital requirements. 

As of December 31, 2020, we had issued bank guarantees amounting to ₹181.30 million towards securing our financial/ performance obligations under our ongoing contracts. We may be unable to fulfil any or all of our obligations under the contracts entered into by us in relation to the set-up of our diagnostic centres due to unforeseen circumstances which may result in a default under our contracts resulting in invocation of the bank guarantees issued by us. If any or all the bank guarantees are invoked, it may result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Also see, “ _Risk Factors – We have certain contingent liabilities that have not been provided for in our financial statements, which if they materialise, may adversely affect our financial condition._ ” on page 32. 

**_15. We derive substantial portion of our revenue from the states of Maharashtra, Rajasthan and Karnataka, and any loss of business in such regions could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

While we have an extensive network of diagnostic centres across 13 states in India, as of December 31, 2020, a significant number of our diagnostic centres are located in the states of Karnataka, Rajasthan and Maharashtra. As of December 31, 2020, we operated 266, 61 and 17 diagnostic centres in Maharashtra, Rajasthan and Karnataka, respectively, which comprised 14.77%, 3.38% and 0.94% of our total network of diagnostic centres, respectively. Further, we derived 59.23%, 74.21%, 65.74%, 65.67% and 69.00% of our 

32 

revenue from operations from these three states in Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020 and in the nine months ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively. In the event of a regional slowdown in the economic activity in these regions, or any other developments including political or civil unrest, disruption or sustained economic downturn that reduce the demand for our services in these regions, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, which are largely dependent on the performance and other prevailing conditions affecting the economies of these regions. 

**_16. We depend on third-parties to provide us our testing equipment and reagents, and any failure to continue to do so or recall of existing testing equipment and reagents could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We depend on third-party vendors and suppliers to procure our imaging equipment, testing equipment and reagents and we enter into contractual arrangements with them. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to obtain adequate supplies of equipment, reagents and test kits, in a timely manner and without any defects, in the future. Any such reductions or interruptions in the supply of equipment or reagents, defects in reagent and test kits and any inability on our part to find alternate sources for the procurement of such items, may have an adverse effect on our ability to provide our services in a timely or cost effective manner. Further, the procurement cost of foreign manufactured imaging equipment, testing equipment and reagents may increase due to depreciation of Indian Rupee, and the suppliers may therefore demand to renegotiate the supply contracts with us. In the event of an increase in the price of such items, we cannot assure you that we will be able to correspondingly increase the price of our services. 

Further, the agreements under which we procure our testing equipment and reagents have minimum offtake requirements and we are required to purchase certain minimum quantities of or value of purchases from the suppliers with whom we have contracted. Any disruption in our business could result in us not meeting our minimum purchase obligations under these agreements resulting in an event of default. Such default could potentially disrupt our supply of reagents, and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition, under our agreements with such suppliers, the supplier typically has the discretion to extend the contract period or increase the cost per sample with mutual consent on account of a default in the purchase of a committed amount of reagents or payment of the fee. Further, typically the contract can be terminated by either party without any cause, by giving thirty days prior written notice. In addition, manufacturers may discontinue the supply of, or recall reagents, test kits, instruments or equipment which could adversely affect our operations. Any such recall or termination and consequent removal of the installed equipment can adversely affect our operations. 

**_17. We are required to comply with certain restrictive covenants under our financing agreements. Any noncompliance may lead to, amongst others, suspension of further drawdowns, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

As of December 31, 2020, our total outstanding borrowings amounted to ₹2,257.32 million. Some of the financing arrangements entered into by us include conditions that require our Company to obtain respective lenders’ consent prior to carrying out certain activities (including certain corporate actions) and entering into certain transactions. Failure to meet these conditions or obtain these consents could have significant consequences on our business and operations. In particular, we have entered into a Debenture Trust Deed dated February 15, 2021 (“ **DTD** ”) with IDBI Trusteeship Services Limited (“ **IDBI** ”), in relation to the proposed issuance of non-convertible debentures (“ **NCDs** ”) to Asian Development Bank (“ **ADB** ”), in relation to which IDBI has been appointed as the Debenture Trustee. For further information, see “ _Financial Indebtedness – Proposed Issuance of NCDs_ ” on page 325. As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has not issued any NCDs to ADB. In accordance with the terms of DTD, we have requested IDBI to provide their written consent to permit our Company to undertake the Offer and other related actions. While IDBI has, pursuant to its letter dated May 4, 2021, provided its consent for our Company to undertake certain activities including filing this Draft Red Herring Prospectus with SEBI and the Stock Exchanges, we are yet to receive their consent for certain other activities, including undertaking the Offer. While our Company intends to obtain the necessary consents in relation to the Offer from IDBI prior to the filing of the Red Herring Prospectus with the RoC, we cannot assure you that the consents will be received in a timely manner or at all, failing which it may lead to the termination of our credit facility with ADB and may also result in acceleration of amounts due under other facilities, including suspension of further access/ withdrawals, either in whole or in part and/or restructuring of our debt. These covenants vary depending on 

33 

the requirements of the financial institution extending such loan and the conditions negotiated under each financing agreement. Some of the corporate actions that require prior consents from certain lenders include, amongst others, changes to the capital structure of the Company, and changes in the MoA and AoA of the Company. Failure to comply with such covenants may restrict or delay certain actions or initiatives that we may propose to take from time to time. Some of our lenders are also entitled to appoint directors on the Board of our Company. Further, certain of our financing arrangements require us to mortgage or create security over the equipment that we deploy at our diagnostic centres. In the event of any breach by of us of the terms of our financing agreement, lenders may invoke the security and look to possess our equipment. 

Majority of our loan agreements include a mandatory prepayment clause, wherein a certain percentage of our receivables are to be used to prepay the loans outstanding under certain circumstances. In addition, we also have unsecured loans from one of our Directors, which may be recalled at any time. Certain of our secured loans may also permit the lenders to recall the loan on demand. Such recalls on borrowed amounts may be contingent upon happening of an event beyond our control and there can be no assurance that we will be able to persuade our lenders to give us extensions or to refrain from exercising such recalls which may adversely affect our operations and cash flows. A failure to observe the covenants under our financing arrangements or to obtain necessary waivers may lead to the termination of our credit facilities, acceleration of amounts due under such facilities, suspension of further access/ withdrawals, either in whole or in part, for the use of the facility and/or restructuring of our debt. 

**_18. Any inadequacy in packaging, collection of, or failure or delay in the delivery of, specimens to our diagnostic centres could compromise or destroy the integrity of such specimens, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The process of collecting specimens is highly dependent on the skill and performance of our front-end employees. Any losses or errors in the specimen collection, preparation, labelling and storage process could result in us not being able to effectively provide our services and adversely affect our business and reputation. 

The packaging, timely pickup, transportation and delivery of specimens depend on several factors beyond our control, including weather and road conditions, air traffic delays and, in the case of our international operations, delays at customs check points. Any disruptions in transportation services on account of natural disasters, strikes, lock-outs, terrorism, inadequacies in the road or air infrastructure, weather related problems, or other events beyond our control could affect our ability to receive specimens and generate test results in a timely manner. As a result, we may experience loss of specimens, delays and inefficiencies, including mislabelling of specimen, which are not within our control. If we are unable to deliver or receive specimens at our diagnostic centres in a timely manner, their integrity as well as the outcome of results may be compromised, or the reporting of results of tests to patients may be delayed, which could adversely affect our reputation. Further, specimens may be lost, damaged or contaminated due to mishandling while in transit. In the event specimens are lost, destroyed, damaged or contaminated, we may incur additional costs, such as the cost of re-administering tests or from delays in the generation of critical test results. The occurrence of any such events could adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_19. Some of our diagnostic centres are required, and other diagnostic centres may be required in the future, to provide free or subsidised diagnostic services to patients belonging to economically disadvantaged sections of the society and certain other patients._** 

Under the terms of PPP agreements for the operation of our diagnostic centres, we are required to provide free or subsidised diagnostic services for certain tests to patients belonging to economically weak sections of the society and certain other patients. As of November 2020, free diagnostic laboratory services have been implemented in 33 states and union territories. In 11 states and union territories these services have been implemented under the PPP mode while in 22 states and union territories it is under in-house model. In addition, free diagnostic CT scan services have been implemented in 13 states and union territories under the PPP mode while in 10 states and union territories it is under the in-house mode ( _Source: CRISIL Report_ ). Further, we may be required to provide free or subsidised diagnostic services for certain tests to specific sections or classes of patients with respect to the healthcare facilities in which we operate. We may also be required to provide free or subsidised diagnostic services at the existing diagnostic centres pursuant to any social welfare legislation enacted in this regard. The provision of free or subsidised diagnostic services may adversely affect our revenues and our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, any failure to provide free or subsidised diagnostic services may be considered a breach of the relevant agreement 

34 

and the public health agency may terminate such arrangements in the event of our failure to comply with their terms. 

**_20. There are certain outstanding legal proceedings involving our Promoter and one of our Directors. Any adverse outcome in these proceedings or in any litigation proceedings in which our Company may get involved in, in the future, may have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

There are certain outstanding legal proceedings involving our Promoter and one of our Directors, which are currently outstanding. See the section “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 326. 

There can be no assurance that these proceedings or other legal proceedings which we may get involved in, in the future, will be decided in our favor or in favor of our Company, our Directors (as the case may be) and Promoter. In addition, we cannot assure you that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings that could divert our management’s time and attention and consume financial resources. Any adverse order or direction in these cases by the concerned authorities even though not quantifiable, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. For further information, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 326. 

**_21. We rely on third parties for certain aspects of our operations, and any deficiency in services provided by them could adversely affect our business and reputation._** 

We rely on third parties for certain aspects of our operations including but not limited to logistics, business coordinators and reporting doctor consultants. For example, in the nine months ended December 31, 2020, we relied on the services of 154 qualified consultant doctors for our operations. We cannot assure you that there will be no disruptions in the provision of such services or that these third-parties will adhere to their contractual obligations. If there is a disruption in the third-party services, or breach of contractual obligations, or if the third-party service providers discontinue their service agreements with us, our business could be adversely affected and may result in litigation or other costs. Such additional costs, in addition to the cost of entering into agreements with third-parties in the same industry, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. If any third party service provider terminates its contractual arrangement with our Company, we cannot assure you that we will be able to replace it with other third party service provider in a timely manner and at acceptable terms, or at all. 

We cannot assure you that the performance of such third-parties will meet our required specifications or performance parameters. Our third-party service providers are contractually obligated to provide their service in accordance with the requirements and standards set forth in our contractual arrangements with them, however, we have limited control over such third parties and we may be subject to liability in case of their non-compliance with their contractual obligations. A failure by such third parties to perform their obligations as stipulated or at all may result in us not being able to effectively provide our services and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_22. We may be subject to liabilities and negative publicity arising from the risks of providing diagnostic services including those resulting from claims of malpractice and medical negligence._** 

We, as an operator of the diagnostic centres, are exposed to the risk of legal claims and regulatory actions arising out of the diagnostic services provided by us. The existence of such claims may tarnish our professional standing and market reputation of and/or that of the doctors and medical professionals involved. In addition, the reputational consequences of any claims may materially and adversely affect our business and operations. Regardless of their validity, negative publicity arising from such claims may also affect the number of patients visiting our healthcare facilities and may adversely affect the revenue generated by our healthcare facilities. Moreover, if any such claims succeed, we may become liable for the damages and other financial consequences, which may materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. While we have procured medical liability insurance, there is no certainty that such insurance or indemnity will be adequate to satisfy all the claims arising from malpractice or medical negligence. Any successful claims against us in excess of the insurance coverage or the indemnity may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

35 

**_23. Failure to introduce new tests, services, equipment and technologies could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The diagnostic healthcare services industry is subject to constant innovations in, and improvements to tests and services, processes and technologies. In order to maintain our position in our industry, we must continue to anticipate and keep abreast of the demands and needs of our patients through investing in technologies to develop new tests and services and improve existing tests and services. If we fail to anticipate trends in the industry, or we are not able to introduce or develop new tests, services and technologies before or at least concurrently with our competitors and at competitive prices, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Our success in continuing to introduce new tests, technology and services depends on our ability to contract with equipment vendors and test developers on favourable terms, as well as our employees’ ability to familiarise themselves with the new equipment or technology and accurately interpret tests. While we currently benefit from a strong bargaining position because of the high volume of tests we perform, a decrease in testing volume, which would cause a decrease in our bargaining power, would negatively affect our ability to purchase testing equipment on favourable terms. An inability to import equipment or test kits would decrease the number of tests or types of services that we offer. It therefore, becomes critical for our Company to continuously update and upgrade the equipment we operate. If we are unable to import equipment or test kits or obtain new tests, technology and services on favourable terms, or at all, or if our employees have difficulty adjusting to the new equipment or technology, its testing methods and offerings may become outdated and its testing volumes and revenues may be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

In addition, competition among manufacturers for a greater share of the diagnostic healthcare equipment market may accelerate the development of new technologies and consequently the obsolescence of our equipment, and we may not have the financial ability to acquire new or improved equipment and may not be able to maintain a competitive equipment base. Other companies or individuals, including our competitors, may obtain patents or other rights that would prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to provide certain testing services or operate our business or that may increase our costs or reduce our revenues. We may consequently be unable to deliver our diagnostic healthcare services in as efficient and effective a manner that our patients may expect and, as a result, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

**_24. Technological advancement may lead to more cost-effective technologies or non-invasive diagnostic healthcare tests that can be performed without the use of specialized diagnostic healthcare service centres or laboratories, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Advances in technology may lead to the development of more cost-effective technologies or non-invasive diagnostic healthcare tests which are more convenient and/or less expensive than our current solutions, such as drive-through testing, point-of-care testing equipment that can be operated by physicians or other healthcare providers in their offices or by patients themselves without requiring the services of free-standing clinical laboratories. Development of such technology and its use by our patients could reduce the demand for our laboratory testing services and negatively affect our income. Further, manufacturers of laboratory equipment and test kits could seek to increase their sales by marketing point-of-care laboratory equipment to physicians and by selling test kits approved for home use to both physicians and patients. Increased testing by physicians in their offices and home use by patients could affect the market for our laboratory testing services and negatively affect our income. Moreover, advancements in the availability of testing equipment that can be operated locally and that do not require free-standing clinical laboratories or advancements in selftesting kits that can be operated by patients themselves for such tests could also result in a decrease in the volume of tests from which we receive a substantial portion of our revenue. Any of these scenarios may have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_25. Our Company has recorded restated losses and negative net worth in the past._** 

In the past, we have experienced losses and negative net worth, during certain period, primarily on account of fair valuation of the CCPS issued by the Company in accordance with IND AS. We have generated positive cash flows from our operating activities and were ₹390.79 million, ₹582.66 million, ₹378.09 million, ₹199.43 

36 

million and ₹784.80 million in Fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020 and in the nine months ended December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2020. 

|**Period**|**Profit / (Loss)**|_(in ₹ million)_<br>**Net Worth**|
|---|---|---|
|**Fiscal 2018**|(601.57)|(228.96)|
|**Fiscal 2019**|(580.57)|(849.21)|
|**Fiscal 2020**|(1,119.51)|(1,969.77)|
|**Nine months ended December**<br>**31, 2019**|(466.90)|(1,317.08)|
|**Nine months ended December**<br>**31, 2020**|1,959.30|2,418.84|



Profits/ losses and net worth are parameters used for the determination of the financial well-being of a company, and we cannot assure you that we will not incur losses in the future or that our net worth or any other financial parameter, which may have an adverse impact on the trading price of our Equity Shares postlisting, will not be low or negative. Further, our failure to generate profits may adversely affect the market price of our Equity Shares, restrict our ability to pay dividends and impair our ability to raise capital and expand our business. 

**_26. Employee misconduct or failure of our internal processes or procedures could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain patients and subject us to significant legal liability and reputational harm._** 

Our business is exposed to the risk of employee misconduct or the failure of our internal processes and procedures. Our business operations involve significant interaction with patients. Misconduct by employees could involve the improper use or disclosure of confidential information, which could result in costly litigation and serious reputational or financial harm. While we strive to monitor, detect and prevent fraud or misappropriation by our employees, through various internal control measures and insurance coverage, we may be unable to adequately prevent or deter such activities in all cases. While we have been able to identify such issues in the past, there could be instances of fraud and misconduct by our employees, which may go unnoticed for certain periods of time before corrective action is taken. In addition, we may be subject to regulatory or other proceedings in connection with any such unauthorized transaction, fraud or misappropriation by our employees, which could adversely affect our goodwill, business prospects and future financial performance. Even when we identify instances of fraud and other misconduct and pursue legal recourse or file claims with our insurance carriers, we cannot assure you that we will recover any amounts lost through such fraud or other misconduct. 

**_27. Failure or malfunction of our equipment could adversely affect our ability to conduct our operations._** 

Our operations are subject to risks inherent in the use of complex medical equipment. We may experience failures or there could be injury to our employees or others either because of defects, faulty maintenance or repair, or improper use or lack of timely servicing of our equipment. Any significant malfunction or breakdown of our equipment may entail significant repair and maintenance costs and cause disruptions in our operations. Any injury caused by our medical equipment in our diagnostic centres due to equipment defects, improper maintenance or improper operation could subject us to liability claims. We cannot assure you that we would be able effectively respond to any such events, in a timely manner and at an acceptable cost, or that such faulty or malfunctioning equipment will not result in a significant downtime of the machine or that the time taken to repair or replace such equipment will be short. Any of these could lead to an inability to effectively provide our services and therefore, adversely affect our business and reputation. 

**_28. Disruption to or failure of transportation services for samples or test kits and other materials could materially and adversely affect our business and financial results._** 

The transportation of test samples is handled internally by us. The proper and efficient handling of samples during collection and transportation by our couriers is essential for maintaining our integrity and ensuring safety from accidental exposure to and contamination by potentially infectious microorganisms. The vehicles used to transport samples must satisfy relevant legal, practical and technical requirements, which vary depending on the type of sample transported. These requirements include, for example, the use of appropriate transport containers and packaging, the temperature at which samples must be transported and the duration of the journey. Mishandling samples in the collection and transportation process can increase the likelihood of errors in laboratory testing. There is also a risk that poor infrastructure, heavy traffic and remote laboratory 

37 

locations could result in transportation delays, which could have detrimental effects on samples or result in late deliveries both of which could cause actual or reputational damage to our business and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operation. 

**_29. We are dependent on a number of Key Management Personnel, including our senior management, and the loss of or our inability to attract or retain such persons could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are dependent upon the collective services of all the members of our Company’s senior management team, including, among others, our Promoter, who oversee our day-to-day operations, strategy and growth of our business. The loss of or inability to attract or retain, the services of any of these persons or several of these persons could have an adverse effect on our business. In particular, the expertise, experience and services of Rajendra Mutha, our Promoter and other members of our senior management team, including our Key Management Personnel helps us to execute our growth strategy and have been integral to our business. For further information, see “ _Our Management_ ” on page 172. If one or more of these Key Management Personnel are unwilling or unable to continue in their present positions, we may not be able to replace them with persons of comparable skill and expertise promptly or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial results and prospects. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting skilled employees that our business requires. Moreover, we may be required to substantially increase the number of our senior management team in connection with any future growth plans, and we may face difficulties in doing so due to the competition and paucity in the industry for such personnel. Our failure to hire or retain qualified personnel could materially impair our ability to implement any plan for growth and expansion. 

**_30. We may, in the future, engage in acquisitions and joint ventures. We may not be able to complete such transactions, and such transactions, if executed, pose significant risks._** 

Our future success may depend on our ability to acquire other businesses or technologies or enter into joint ventures that could complement, enhance or expand our current business or offerings and services or that might otherwise offer us growth opportunities. We may face competition from other companies in pursuing acquisitions and joint ventures. Our ability to enter into such transactions may also be limited by applicable antitrust laws and other regulations in India. To the extent that we are successful in making acquisitions, we may have to expend substantial amounts of cash, incur debt and assume loss-making divisions. We may not be able to complete such transactions due to a failure to secure financing. Any future acquisitions we undertake may be financed through cash provided by operating activities, borrowings under our credit facilities and/or other debt or equity financing. All of these could reduce our cash available for other purposes. 

Any transactions that we are able to identify and complete may involve a number of risks, including but not limited to: 

- the diversion of management’s attention to negotiate the transaction and then integrate the acquired businesses or joint ventures; 

- the possible adverse effects on our operating results during the negotiation and integration process; 

- • significant costs, charges or write-downs; 

- the potential loss of patients or employees of the acquired business; 

- delays or reduction in realizing expected synergies; 

- unexpected liabilities relating to a joint venture or acquired business; and 

- our potential inability to achieve our intended objectives for the transaction. 

We may also enter into strategic alliances or joint ventures to explore such opportunities or make significant investments in entities that we do not control to capitalize on such business opportunities, and there can be no assurance that such strategic alliances, joint ventures or investments will be successful. There can also be no assurances that we will be able to achieve synergies that we seek and generate the expected benefits. Further, if we acquire another company we could face difficulty in integrating the acquired operations, or we may incur higher than anticipated costs, or incur unknown liabilities that could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

In addition, the key personnel of the acquired company may decide not to work for us. These difficulties could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and employees and increase our expenses. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve the strategic purpose of such acquisition or operational 

38 

integration or our targeted return on investment. In addition, we may be unable to maintain uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies with respect to an acquired business, and this may lead to operational inefficiencies. To the extent that we are successful in making acquisitions, we may have to expend substantial amounts of cash, incur debt and assume loss-making divisions. 

**_31. We have certain contingent liabilities that have not been provided for in our financial statements, which if they materialise, may adversely affect our financial condition._** 

As of December 31, 2020, our Restated Financial Statements disclosed the following contingent liabilities that have not been provided for were as follows: 

|**Particulars**|**Amount**||
|---|---|---|
||**(₹ million)**||
|Other monies for which the Companyis contingentlyliable<sup>#</sup>||36.50|
|**Total**||**36.50**|



_# The Company had availed bank guarantee facility of ₹3,340 million with Janata Sahakari Bank Limited against the property of Mr. Narayan Chighlikar and Mrs. Shubhangi Chighlikar, for which the Company had paid the sum of ₹36.50 million to Mr. Narayan Chighlikar, the proprietor of Yash Construction._ 

For further information on our contingent liabilities, see “ _Restated Financial Statements – Annexure 6 – Note 53_ ” on page 279. 

If a significant portion of these liabilities materialize, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_32. Financial difficulties of patients or third-party payers may result in payment delays or require us to write off debts._** 

We encounter third-party credit risk where we are reliant on the ability of a third party to pay for services we provide. We are exposed to varying levels of third-party credit risk depending on whether we bill patients directly for a service, or whether we invoice public or private healthcare providers. If a third-party payer or an entity with which we have a contractual relationship experiences financial difficulties, we may be unable to collect amount payable to us, resulting in write-offs of such debt. Significant or recurring delays in receiving payment, or incidents of bad debts, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

**_33. We could be exposed to risks relating to the handling of personal information, including medical data._** 

Further, we must comply with privacy laws and regulations with respect to the use, storage and disclosure of protected patients’ health information, as well as laws pertaining to the electronic transmission of such information, such as the Information Technology (Reasonable security practices and procedures and sensitive personal data on information) Rules, 2011. In the ordinary course of our business, we receive certain personal information about our patients, including by electronic means. Accordingly, we depend upon our internal information technology system for the storage and transmission of such confidential information. The proposed legislation such as the draft Digital Information Security in Healthcare Act and the Personal Data Protection Bill 2019, which is yet to become effective, also requires healthcare facilities and institutions to protect the privacy of their patients or clients and prohibit unauthorized disclosure of personal information, including medical data. Compliance with new and evolving privacy and security laws, regulations and requirements may result in increased operating costs and may constrain or require us to alter our operations, which may in turn affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Deficiencies in managing our information systems and data security practices may lead to leaks of patient records, test results, prescriptions, lab records and other confidential and sensitive information which could adversely impact out business and damage our reputation. 

We have taken measures to maintain the confidentiality of our clients’ medical and personal information, however these measures may not always be effective in protecting our patients’ medical information. While we have not faced any such breach or theft of confidential and other sensitive information of our patients or procedures or any kind of data leakage in the past, any breach of our confidentiality obligations to our patients, including due to data leakages or improper use of such medical information notwithstanding the safeguards that we have implemented, could expose us to fines, potential liabilities and legal proceedings, such as 

39 

litigation or regulatory proceedings, which would adversely impact our reputation, business, operations and financial condition. 

**_34. We are subject to risks associated with expansion into new geographic regions._** 

We intend to grow our network of diagnostic centres across all states in India and selectively outside India by leveraging our experience of deploying and operating centres. Since December 31, 2020, we have been awarded with two new tenders for establishing additional diagnostic centres. We are at various stages of implementation of such tenders and are expected to be completed over the next few years. As part of our expansion strategy, we may also look to extend our presence internationally. Such arrangements will typically be governed by the local law of the country in which the diagnostic centre is proposed to be established. Expansion into new geographic regions, including different parts of India or internationally, subjects us to various challenges, including those relating to our lack of familiarity with the culture and economic conditions of these new regions, language barriers, difficulties in staffing and managing such operations, and the lack of brand recognition and reputation in such regions. For example, we had in the past sought to establish diagnostic centre in Yemen in Fiscal 2013. However, on account of the civil war in the country, we were required to abandon our proposed operations. As a result, we could not recover the outstanding export dues from Krsna International Limited in Yemen amounting to ₹31.01 million, and had to make a provision of ₹31.01 million towards doubtful advances in Fiscal 2017. We cannot assure you we will get necessary approval from authorized dealer banks for write-off of the unrealized export bill or that any similar instances in future will not adversely impact our financial condition and result of operations. The risks involved in entering new geographic markets and expanding operations, may be higher than expected, and we may face significant competition in such markets. By expanding into new geographical regions, we could be subject to additional risks associated with establishing and conducting operations, including: compliance with a wide range of laws, regulations and practices, including uncertainties associated with changes in laws, regulations and practices and their interpretation; exposure to expropriation or other government actions; and political, economic and social instability. 

**_35. Industry information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from an industry report commissioned by us for such purpose. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical, financial and other industry information is either complete or accurate._** 

We have availed the services of an independent third party research agency, CRISIL Limited, to prepare an industry report titled “ _Assessment of the diagnostic industry in India with a special focus on government spending_ ” dated May 2021, for purposes of inclusion of such information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. The CRISIL Report is subject to various limitations and based upon certain assumptions that are subjective in nature. Although we believe that the data may be considered to be reliable, the accuracy, completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed and dependability cannot be assured. Investors are cautioned against placing undue reliance on such audited financial information of our Company and should rely only on the Restated Financial Statements included herein. While we have taken reasonable care in the reproduction of the information, the information has not been prepared or independently verified by us, or the BRLMs or any of our or their respective affiliates or advisors and, therefore, we make no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of such facts and statistics. Due to possibly flawed or ineffective collection methods or discrepancies between published information and market practice and other problems, the statistics herein may be inaccurate or may not be comparable to statistics produced for other economies and should not be unduly relied upon. Further, there is no assurance that they are stated or compiled on the same basis or with the same degree of accuracy as may be the case elsewhere. Statements from third parties that involve estimates are subject to change, and actual amounts may differ materially from those included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

In addition, the industry measures and other relevant information identified and included in the CRISIL Report takes into account such information for certain key players operating in Indian diagnostics industry only to the extent available to CRISIL (as indicated in the CRISIL Report and reflected in the “ _Industry Overview – Competitive Mapping of Key Players_ ” on page 132). For example, we have derived certain industry information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus from the CRISIL Report, and the CRISIL Report highlights certain industry and market data relating to us and our competitors, which is not based on any standard methodology and subject to various assumptions. In particular, certain industry measures, such as, OPBDIT, OPBDIT per patient and operating income, may have been calculated differently for us and our competitors in the CRISIL Report since there are no standard data gathering methodologies in our industry. In addition, the financial information of our Company derived from the CRISIL Report is based on the audited 

40 

financial information of our Company for the relevant periods as indicated in the CRISIL Report and are therefore not comparable to our Restated Financial Statements. We cannot assure you that CRISIL’s assumptions are correct or will not change and accordingly our position in the market may differ from that presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_36. The loss of accreditation required to operate one or more of our diagnostic centres could impact our revenues and also damage our reputation._** 

Our quality certifications and accreditations are critical for our brand image. As of December 31, 2020, 14 of our diagnostic centres were accredited by NABL and two diagnostic centres were accredited by NABH. Some of our diagnostic centres are subject to third-party audits for compliance with NABL standards and guidelines. While these are typically undertaken at regular intervals, audits at some of our centres are pending due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our systems are also ISO 9001: 2015 certified for quality management. If our diagnostic centres and testing services fail to meet accreditation standards, or if we fail to adapt to evolving diagnostic standards, we could lose one or more of our accreditations, which may adversely affect our brand image, reputation and business prospects. To ensure continued accreditation with such agencies ensures, we must ensure consistency and maintain the quality of the services we offer. In the event we are unable to comply with the accreditation criteria or if such agencies find that we are not in compliance with the standards and norms prescribed, our accreditation may be revoked or we may not be granted accreditation. In the event our diagnostic centres are not able to receive the relevant accreditations or such accreditations are cancelled or revoked, it may adversely affect our reputation. Loss of accreditations may also result such diagnostic centres not being allowed to operate resulting in a loss of revenues and thereby impacting our financial condition and results of operation. 

**_37. Our operations are human capital intensive and our operations may be materially adversely affected by strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees._** 

Our operations are human capital intensive and we are dependent on our large work force for operating our diagnostic centres and tele-radiology hub. As of December 31, 2020, we had 729 permanent employees and 1,750 employees on a contract basis. The success of our operations depends on availability of trained and qualified employees and maintaining good relationship with our workforce. Shortage of skilled/ unskilled personnel or work stoppages caused by disagreements with employees could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. While we have not experienced any major prolonged disruption in our business operations due to disputes or other problems with our work force in the past, there can be no assurance that we will not experience any such disruption in the future. Such disruptions may adversely affect our business and results of operations and may also divert the management’s attention and result in increased costs. 

Further, we engage independent contractors through whom we engage contract labour for performance of certain housekeeping and security functions at our diagnostic centres as well as at our corporate office. As of December 31, 2020, we engaged 126 contract labour. Although we do not engage these labourers directly, we are responsible for any wage payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractors. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and our financial condition. 

India has stringent labour legislation that protects the interests of workers, including legislation that sets forth detailed procedures for the establishment of unions, dispute resolution and employee removal and legislation that imposes certain financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment. We are also subject to laws and regulations governing relationships with employees, in such areas as minimum wage and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and terminating of employees and work permits. 

**_38. We conduct certain business operations on leased premises and our inability to renew such leases may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Certain of our diagnostic centres are located on premises that are not owned by the public health agency or the private healthcare providers. Further, our registered and corporate offices are located on premises that are leased by our Company. In relation to our diagnostic centres, while we are typically provided the premises on which we conduct our operations, there is no assurance that such arrangements will continue to be made. In case we are required to enter into lease and leave and license agreements for a substantial portion of our operations in the future, in the event of any deficiency in the title of the owners from whose premises we 

41 

operate, breach of the contractual terms of any lease, leave and license agreements, or if any of the owners of these premises do not renew the agreements under which we occupy the premises, or if they seek to renew such agreements on terms and conditions unfavorable to us, or if they terminate our agreements, we may suffer a disruption in our operations and will have to look for alternate premises. We may be unable to relocate our diagnostic centres and other offices in a timely manner or at acceptable terms, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, some of our lease agreements and leave and license agreements may not have been duly stamped as per applicable law or registered with the registering authority of the appropriate jurisdiction. An instrument not duly stamped, or insufficiently stamped, is not admitted as evidence in any Indian court or may even attract a penalty as prescribed under applicable law, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_39. We are significantly dependent on the patients and customers of the healthcare facilities within which we deploy and operate our diagnostic centres. A failure to obtain and retain new customers by such facilities or the loss of existing customers could impact our ability to successfully grow our business._** 

We operate all our diagnostic centres within public and private healthcare facilities and are significantly dependent on the captive customer base of such facilities. In addition, we do not operate any standalone diagnostic centres and do not offer referral commissions to private clinics and healthcare professionals to refer patients to our diagnostic centres. Accordingly, our ability to grow our customer base is dependent on such healthcare providers. Any decline in the customers of such facilities could result in a decline in the number of our customers and for the service we offer. 

**_40. Our business and operations would suffer in the event of computer system failures, cyber-attacks or deficiencies in our cyber-security._** 

Our ability to execute our business strategy depends, in part, on the continued and uninterrupted performance of our IT systems, which support our operations. Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems, and those of third parties on which we rely, are vulnerable to damage from, among others, computer viruses, malware, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication and electrical failures, cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusions over the Internet, attachments to emails, persons inside our organization, or persons with access to systems inside our organization or similar disruptive problems. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments, and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. If such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our product development programs. Any such security breach may compromise information stored on our networks and may result in significant data losses or theft of personally identifiable information. A cybersecurity breach could also hurt our reputation by adversely affecting the patients’ perception of the security of their information. In addition, a cybersecurity attack could result in other negative consequences, including disruption of our internal operations, increased cyber security protection costs, lost revenue, regulatory actions or litigations. 

**_41. An inability to maintain adequate insurance cover in connection with our business may adversely affect our operations and profitability._** 

The principal types of coverage under our insurance policies include group medical and accident insurance, machinery and vehicle insurance, money-transit and infidelity guarantee, key-man insurance for our Promoter, directors’ and officers’ liability and professional indemnity insurance. Our insurance cover for property, plant and equipment as of December 31, 2020 was ₹3,113.18 million, while our net block of property, plant and equipment was ₹3,002.65 million as of December 31, 2020. Consequently, our insurance cover as a percentage of net block of property, plant and equipment was 103.68%, as of December 31, 2020. 

The insurance coverage which we maintain is reasonably adequate to cover the normal risks associated with the operation of our business. Even if we have insurance for the incident giving rise to the loss, we may be required to pay a significant deductible on any claim for recovery of such a loss, or the amount of the loss may exceed our coverage for the loss. However, we cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time, or that we have obtained sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for 

42 

the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, and while we have no reason to believe that we will not be able to renew our existing insurance coverage as and when such policies expire, or obtain comparable coverage from similar institutions as may be necessary or appropriate to conduct our businesses as now conducted, we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, or at acceptable cost, or at all. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage, or successful assertion of one or more large claims against us for events for which we are not insured, or for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, or which is not covered in full or part by insurance, exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. For further information on our insurance arrangements, see “ _Our Business – Insurance_ ” on page 157. 

**_42. Our inability to protect or use our intellectual property rights or comply with intellectual property rights of others may adversely affect our business._** 

We consider our brands and intellectual property to be amongst our most valuable assets and we have certain trademarks registered in India. As of December 31, 2020, we had four trademarks registered in India. These include our registration for the mark “Krsna” (under classes 5 and 44), “Krsnaa Diagnostics” and “Let’s Do Good” (under class 44). Further, there are certain trademark applications made by our Company that are currently pending including for our logo, our tagline “Let’s Do Good”, “Krsnaa” and “Krsna D” (under class 44) with the Registrar of Trademarks under the Trade Marks Act, 1999. Further certain of our applications have been refused or objected to. For further information, see “ _Our Business – Intellectual Property_ ” on page 155. 

Our inability to obtain or maintain these registrations may adversely affect our competitive business position. The measures we take to protect our intellectual property include relying on Indian and foreign laws and initiating legal proceedings, which may not be adequate to prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties. Notwithstanding the precautions we take to protect our intellectual property rights, it is possible that third parties may copy or otherwise infringe on our rights, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may also be unable to prevent infringement of our trademark and a passing off action may not provide sufficient protection until such time that we are able to register our trademark. 

Further, our tests and diagnostic services may infringe on the intellectual property rights of others. While we take care to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of others, we cannot determine with certainty whether we are infringing any existing third-party intellectual property rights, which may force us to alter our offerings. We may also be susceptible to claims from third parties asserting infringement and other related claims. If such claims are raised in the future, these claims could result in costly litigation, divert management’s attention and resources, subject us to significant liabilities and require us to enter into potentially expensive royalty or licensing agreements or to cease certain offerings. Infringement and other intellectual property claims, regardless of their merit, can be expensive and time-consuming to litigate. If we are found to have infringed on the intellectual proprietary rights of others, we might be forced to do one or more of the following: (i) cease performing or selling the services that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; (ii) pay for and obtain licenses from the holder of the infringed intellectual property right; (iii) reengineer our tests and services and develop non-infringing technology; (iv) restructure our business processes; (v) provide indemnification to patients for third-party breaches of intellectual property pursuant to our contracts with such parties; or (vi) pay damages, court costs and legal fees, including any increased damages for any infringement that is deemed to be wilful. Any requirement to re-engineer our tests or change our business processes could substantially increase our costs, force us to interrupt product sales or delay new test releases. Infringement claims could also arise in the future as patents could be issued on tests or processes that we may be performing, particularly in such emerging areas as gene-based testing and other specialty testing. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_43. We may be unable to successfully implement or manage our growth strategy._** 

As part of our future growth strategy, we are seeking to increase the penetration of our existing services in the Indian market and in particular expand on the basis of our existing model of public private partnerships. We intend to do this by expanding our network of diagnostic centres, focusing on specialized diagnostic services, the selective acquisitions of diagnostic centres or chains, growing our digital capabilities and 

43 

maintaining social impact. Our ability to successfully execute these expansion plans, to the extent they proceed, will depend on various factors, including among others: 

- availability of tenders floated by public healthcare entities; 

- the availability, terms and costs of financing required to fund setting-up of additional diagnostic centres; 

- unexpected delays in completing constructions or acquisitions; 

- our ability to negotiate commercially viable lease terms; 

- our ability to identify suitable acquisition targets; 

- successfully integrate new diagnostic centres into our existing operations; 

- obtaining or renewing required statutory and regulatory approvals and licenses; 

- demand for our services; 

- our ability to train and manage our staff; and 

- • general economic conditions. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to execute our plans and, to the extent they proceed, that we will be able to complete them within our budget or desired timelines, achieve an adequate return on our investment or maintain current or prospective growth rates. Even if we are able to implement some or all of the initiatives of our business strategy successfully, our operating results may not improve to the extent we anticipate, or at all. 

Even if we are successful in obtaining new business, failure to manage our growth could adversely affect our financial condition. We may experience extended periods of very rapid growth, and if we are not able to manage our growth effectively, our business and financial condition could materially suffer. Our growth may significantly strain our managerial, operational and financial resources and systems. To manage our growth effectively, we will have to continue to implement and improve our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. In addition, we must effectively expand, train and manage our employees. We will be unable to manage our businesses effectively if we are unable to alleviate the strain on resources caused by growth in a timely and successful manner. 

**_44. Our business and prospects may be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain and grow our brand image._** 

Our brand and reputation are critical for the success of our business and operations. <mark>We believe that the brand “Krsnaa” is associated with quality health care services at affordable rates. O</mark> ur ability to maintain and improve our brand image is dependent on factors such as quality, affordability, accuracy and efficiency of our diagnostic services, turnaround time and patient satisfaction, the performance of our network, the introduction of new tests and services and our ability to maintain strong relationships with public and private healthcare institutions. Further, as we expand into new geographic markets within India or internationally, and as the market becomes increasingly competitive, maintaining and enhancing our brand image may become costly and difficult. 

Our services are designed to diagnose diseases and other health conditions. While there have not been any past material incidences of errors, users of our services have a greater sensitivity to errors than users of services or products that are not intended for the diagnosis, treatment and prevention of diseases. We train our medical personnel, including technicians and other staff to provide accurate and timely test results. However, any delays or inaccuracies in the results we provide, including due to inherent limitations in the technology and equipment used or due to wrong interpretation of test results by doctors, may result in the wrong treatment being prescribed to a patient, which may cause potential harm to such patient. In addition, if our personnel make errors in the handling and labelling of patient specimens, or in the operation of our complex medical equipment, or if they inadequately or improperly extract specimens from patients causing bodily harm, our test results may not be accurate and we may become liable under healthcare or other laws for acts or omissions by our employees, which may adversely affect our brand and reputation. Further, we provide intimation of certain critical test results or in emergency situations to doctors by phone. Any lapse, miscommunication or failure may cause serious harm to patients and could adversely affect our brand and reputation. 

44 

**_45. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the equity shareholders._** 

We have entered into transactions with certain related parties, including our Promoter, certain members of our Promoter Group, certain current and former Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of our Company. In particular, we have entered into various transactions with such parties in relation to, amongst others, remuneration, rent expense and purchase of consumables and others. While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, we cannot assure you that we might have obtained more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. Further, it is likely that we may enter into additional related party transactions in the future. Such related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. 

In Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020 and in the nine months ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, the aggregate amount of such related party transactions was ₹13.00 million, ₹37.60 million, ₹41.02 million, ₹30.70 million and ₹38.54 million, respectively. The percentage of the aggregate value of such related party transactions to our revenue from operations in Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020, and in the nine months ended December 31, 2019 and 2020 was 1.21%, 1.80%, 1.59%, 1.62% and 1.28%, respectively. For further information on our related party transactions, see “ _Restated Financial Statements_ ” on page 196. We cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will always be in the best interests of our minority shareholders and will not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_46. We are subject to risks arising from interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Interest rates for borrowings have been volatile in India in recent periods. Our operations are partly funded by debt and increases in interest rate and a consequent increase in the cost of servicing such debt may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Changes in prevailing interest rates affect our interest expense in respect of our borrowings. A portion of our debt facilities carry interest at variable rates. While we may exercise any right available to us under our financing arrangements to terminate the existing debt financing arrangement on the respective reset dates and enter into new financing arrangements, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so on commercially reasonable terms or that these agreements, if entered into, will protect us adequately against interest rate risks. Further, if such arrangements do not protect us adequately against interest rate risks, they would result in higher costs. In addition, we may experience foreign exchange losses and gains in respect of transactions denominated in foreign currencies. Interest rate variation and losses in respect of our foreign currency transactions could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 

**_47. Our Promoter and certain of our Directors have interests in our Company other than their normal remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Our Promoter and certain of our Directors are interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses. Our Promoter and certain of our Directors holding Equity Shares may take or block actions with respect to our business which may conflict with the best interests of our Company or that of minority shareholders. For further information on the interest of our Promoter and Directors, other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or normal remuneration or benefits, see “ _Our Management_ ” and “ _Our Promoter and Promoter Group_ ” on pages 172 and 191, respectively. 

**_48. Our ability to access capital at attractive costs depends on our credit ratings. Non-availability of credit ratings or a poor rating may restrict our access to capital and thereby adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

The cost and availability of capital, among other factors, depend on our credit rating. We have received CRISIL BBB/Positive for our long term facilities while our short term facilities have been rated CRISIL A3+ from CRISIL. Our credit rating reflects, amongst other things, the rating agency’s opinion of our financial strength, operating performance, strategic position, and ability to meet our obligations. Our inability to obtain such credit rating in a timely manner or any non-availability of credit ratings, or poor ratings, or any downgrade in our ratings may increase borrowing costs and constrain our access to capital and lending markets and, as a result, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, nonavailability of credit ratings could increase the possibility of additional terms and conditions being added to any new or replacement financing arrangements. 

45 

**_49. Various challenges currently faced by the healthcare industry in India may also adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are impacted by various challenges currently faced by the Indian healthcare industry. Among the significant concerns include the provision of quality patient care at affordable costs. For example, healthcare costs in India have increased significantly over the past decade, and there have been and may continue to be proposals by legislators and regulators to limit the rate of increase, or lower, healthcare costs in India. Certain proposals by the Government of India, if passed, could impose, among other things, limitations on the prices we will be able to charge for our diagnostic healthcare services. The Indian Council of Medical Research has permitted antigen and antibody testing subject to state-wise regulations, to scale up testing in the country in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The erstwhile price cap of ₹4,500 for RT-PCR tests has been significantly revised downwards to ₹500 - ₹1,500 across states ( _Source: CRISIL Report_ ). 

In addition, our business, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected by other factors that affect the broader Indian healthcare industry, such as: 

- general economic conditions which adversely impact the quantum of disposable income that can be allocated for healthcare services; 

- demographic changes, such as the increase in the percentage of elderly patients, which could result in increased government expenditures for healthcare services, in turn resulting in proposals to limit the rate of increase of healthcare costs in India; 

- the rate of expansion of health insurance coverage in India, as well as the number of and healthcare costs associates with uninsured and underinsured patients; 

- seasonal cycles of illness as a function of varying climate, weather conditions and disease outbreaks; and 

- recruitment and retention of qualified healthcare professionals. 

Any failure by us to effectively address these and other factors could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_50. The Central or State Governments may exercise rights of eminent domain in respect of the land on which the facilities within which our diagnostic centres are situated._** 

The Central or State Governments in India may exercise their rights of eminent domain, or compulsory acquisition in respect of our diagnostic centres. The (Indian) Land Acquisition Act, 1894 allows the Central and State Governments to exercise rights of eminent domain or, compulsory acquisition. If such right is used in respect of the land on which any of the facilities within which our diagnostic centres are located or being constructed, we could be required to relinquish the facility along with the relevant diagnostic centre. While we may be indirectly compensated for such acquisition given that our diagnostic centres are based on a hospital partnership model, the compensation may not reflect the costs incurred by us in establishing such diagnostic centres. The likelihood of such actions may increase as the Central and State governments seek to acquire or re-zone such land for the development of infrastructure projects such as roads, airports, railways and any other public purpose. Any such action in respect of one or more of the existing, or future, clinical establishments in our portfolio may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

**_51. We have in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus included certain non-GAAP financial and operational measures and certain other industry measures related to our operations and financial performance that may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across the diagnostics industry. We rely on certain assumptions and estimates to calculate such measures, therefore such measures may not be comparable with financial, operational or industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other similar companies._** 

Certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other industry measures relating to our operations and financial performance, such as, Adjusted Total Income, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin, return on net worth and net asset value per share, have been included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. We compute and disclose such non-GAAP financial and operational measures, and such other industry related statistical and operational information relating to our operations and financial performance as we consider such information to be useful measures of our business and financial performance, and because such measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and others to evaluate the operational performance of the 

46 

diagnostics businesses, many of which provide such non-GAAP financial and operational measures, and other industry related statistical and operational information. 

These non-GAAP financial and operational measures, and such other industry related statistical and operational information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to financial and operational measures, and industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other diagnostic companies. Such supplemental financial and operational information is therefore of limited utility as an analytical tool, and investors are cautioned against considering such information either in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our Restated Consolidated Financial Information disclosed elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Also, see _“Risk Factors Industry information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from an industry report commissioned by us for such purpose. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical, financial and other industry information is either complete or accurate.”_ on page 40. 

# **_52. Any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders’ approval._** 

We propose to utilise the Net Proceeds towards financing the costs of establishing diagnostic centres in Punjab, Karnataka, Himachal Pradesh and Maharashtra, repayment or prepayment of certain borrowings (in full or in part, including accrued interest) availed by our Company and for general corporate purposes. For further information of the proposed objects of the Issue, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 91. At this stage, we cannot determine with any certainty if we would require the Net Proceeds to meet any other expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of competitive environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. In accordance with Sections 13(8) and 27 of the Companies Act 2013, we cannot undertake any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds without obtaining the shareholders’ approval through a special resolution. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to undertake variation in the disclosed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain the shareholders’ approval in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such shareholders’ approval may adversely affect our business or operations. 

Further, our Promoter would be required to provide an exit opportunity to Shareholders who do not agree with our proposal to change the objects of the Issue or vary the terms of such contracts, at a price and manner as prescribed by SEBI. Additionally, the requirement on Promoter to provide an exit opportunity to such dissenting shareholders may deter the Promoter from agreeing to the variation of the proposed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. Further, we cannot assure you that the Promoter or the controlling shareholders of our Company will have adequate resources at their disposal at all times to enable them to provide an exit opportunity at the price prescribed by SEBI. 

In light of these factors, we may not be able to undertake variation of objects of the Issue to use any unutilized proceeds of the Issue, if any, or vary the terms of any contract referred to in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. This may restrict our Company’s ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition by re-deploying the unutilised portion of Net Proceeds, if any, or varying the terms of contract, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**_53. Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds of the Offer have not been appraised by a bank or a financial institution and if there are any delays or cost overruns, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

We intend to use the Net Proceeds for the purposes described in “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 91. The objects of the Offer have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. Whilst a monitoring agency will be appointed for monitoring utilisation of the Net Proceeds, the proposed utilisation of Net Proceeds is based on current conditions, internal management estimates based on the terms of our current financing documents and are subject to changes in external circumstances or costs, or in other financial condition, business or strategy, as discussed further below. Based on the competitive nature of our industry, we may have to revise our business plan and/ or management estimates from time to time and consequently our funding requirements may also change. Our internal management estimates may exceed fair market value or the value that would have been determined by third party appraisals, which may require us to reschedule or reallocate our project and capital expenditure and may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

47 

Further, pending utilization of Net Proceeds towards the Objects of the Offer, our Company will have to deposit the Net Proceeds temporarily in deposits with one or more scheduled commercial banks included in Second Schedule of Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934, in a manner as may be approved by our Board. Accordingly, prospective investors in the Offer will need to rely upon our management’s judgment with respect to the use of Net Proceeds. 

Further, we have not entered into any definitive agreements with suppliers to utilize the Net Proceeds for this object of the Offer and have relied on the quotations received from third parties for estimation of the cost. While we have obtained the quotations from various vendors in relation to such capital expenditure, most of these quotations are valid for a certain period of time and may be subject to revisions, and other commercial and technical factors. Additionally, we are yet to place orders for 100% of the capital expenditure to be incurred for the establishment of diagnostic centres, amounting to ₹1,508.10 million. Further, the estimated costs for financing the cost of establishing diagnostics centres at Punjab, Karnataka, Himachal Pradesh and Maharashtra are based on quotations received from third parties, independent assessment by the project consultant, certain management estimates and current conditions and are subject to change, owing to prospective changes in external circumstances, costs, and other financial conditions. There could be delays as a result of, among other things, requirement of obtaining approvals from statutory or regulatory authorities, contractors’ or external agencies’ failure to perform, exchange rate fluctuations, unforeseen engineering problems, disputes with workers, increase in input costs of construction materials and labour costs, incremental preoperative expenses, taxes and duties, interest and finance charges, EPC and non-EPC costs, cost escalation and/or force majeure events (including the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic), any of which could give rise to cost overruns and delays in our implementation schedules. If our actual capital expenditures on these significantly exceed our budgets, or even if our budgets were sufficient to cover these projects, we may not be able to achieve the intended economic benefits of these projects, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete the aforementioned establishment of diagnostic centres in accordance with the proposed schedule of implementation and any delay could have an adverse impact on our growth, prospects, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_54. In the past there have been certain non-compliances with respect to certain provisions of Companies Act, regulatory filings and corporate actions taken by our Company. Consequently, we may be subject to regulatory actions and penalties for any past or future non-compliance and our business, financial condition and reputation may be adversely affected._** 

In the past, our compliances for managing our secretarial records and compliances have been inadequate as a result of which there have been non-compliances with certain provisions of the Companies Act and regulatory filings by our Company. We cannot assure you that there are no other instances of non-compliances or irregularities in regulatory filings made by our Company. This may subject us to regulatory actions and/or penalties which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and reputation. 

There have also been inaccuracies in respect of the filings made by our Company with the RoC. For example, there are certain factual inaccuracies in the PAS 3 form filed by Company in relation to the allotment of shares on March 31, 2015. Further certain corporate records of our Company are untraceable, including the challans evidencing the payment of fee towards (i) Form 5 filed with the RoC in relation to the amendment of the Memorandum of Association undertaken on February 12, 2013 and (ii) the Form SH-7 filed with the RoC in relation to the amendment of the Memorandum of Association undertaken on March 26, 2015. 

There can be no assurance that there will be no other instances of such inadvertent non-compliances with statutory requirements, which may subject us to regulatory action, including monetary penalties, which may adversely affect our business and reputation. 

**_55. After the completion of the Offer, our Promoter along with the Promoter Group will continue to control our Company._** 

After the completion of the Offer, our Promoter along with the Promoter Group will continue to control our Company and exercise significant influence over our business policies and affairs and all matters requiring shareholders’ approval, including the composition of our Board, the adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation, the approval of mergers, strategic acquisitions or joint ventures or the sales of substantially all of our assets, and the policies for dividends, lending, investments and capital expenditures. This 

48 

concentration of ownership also may delay, defer or even prevent a change in control of our Company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of such controlling shareholders. The interests of the Promoter and Promoter Group as our controlling shareholder could conflict with our interests or the interests of its other shareholders. We cannot assure you that our Promoter will act to resolve any conflicts of interest in our favour and any such conflict may adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy or to operate our business. 

**_56. We have issued Equity Shares during the preceding twelve months at a price which may be below the Offer Price._** 

We have issued Equity Shares in the last 12 months at a price which may be lower than the Offer Price, as set out in the table below (on a pre-split basis). For further information, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” at page 78. 

|**Date of**<br>**Allotment**|**No. of Equity**<br>**Shares Allotted**|**Face Value per**<br>**Equity Share**<br>**(₹)**|**Issue Price per**<br>**Equity Share**<br>**(₹)**|**Nature of**<br>**consideration^**|**Reason of**<br>**allotment**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|March 23, 2021|600,960|10|250|Cash|Allotment pursuant<br>to conversion of<br>Series-B CCCPS|
|March 31,2021|730,904|10|10|Cash|Rights issue|



**_^_** _Consideration for such equity shares was paid upfront at the time of allotment of Series B CCCPS, with agreed terms of conversion._ 

The prices at which Equity Shares were issued by us in the past year should not be taken to be indicative of the Price Band, Offer Price and the trading price of our Equity Shares after listing. 

**_57. Our customers may engage in certain transactions in or with countries or persons that are subject to U.S. and other sanctions._** 

U.S. law generally prohibits U.S. persons from directly or indirectly investing or otherwise doing business in or with certain countries that are the subject of comprehensive sanctions and with certain persons or businesses that have been specially designated by the OFAC or other U.S. government agencies. Other governments and international or regional organizations also administer similar economic sanctions. We provide services to our customers, who may be doing business with, or located in, countries to which certain OFAC-administered and other sanctions apply. Although we believe we have compliance systems in place that are sufficient to block prohibited transactions, there can be no assurance that we will be able to fully monitor all of our transactions for any potential violation. Although we do not believe that we are in violation of any applicable sanctions, if it were determined that transactions in which we participate violate U.S. or other sanctions, we could be subject to U.S. or other penalties, and our reputation and future business prospects in the United States or with U.S. persons, or in other jurisdictions, could be adversely affected. We rely on our staff to be up-to-date and aware of the latest sanctions in place. Further, investors in the Equity Shares could incur reputational or other risks as the result of our customers’ dealings in or with countries or with persons that are the subject of U.S. sanctions. 

**_58. If we are unable to establish and maintain an effective internal controls and compliance system, our business and reputation could be adversely affected._** 

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal measures commensurate with the size and complexity of operations. Our internal audit functions make an evaluation of the adequacy and effectiveness of internal systems on an ongoing basis so that our diagnostic centres adhere to our policies, compliance requirements and internal guidelines. We periodically test and update our internal processes and systems and there have been no past material instances of failure to maintain effective internal controls and compliance system. However, we are exposed to operational risks arising from the potential inadequacy or failure of internal processes or systems, and our actions may not be sufficient to ensure effective internal checks and balances in all circumstances. 

We take reasonable steps to maintain appropriate procedures for compliance and disclosure and to maintain effective internal controls over our financial reporting so that we produce reliable financial reports and prevent financial fraud. As risks evolve and develop, internal controls must be reviewed on an ongoing basis. Maintaining such internal controls requires human diligence and compliance and is therefore subject to lapses in judgment and failures that result from human error. Any lapses in judgment or failures that result from 

49 

human error can affect the accuracy of our financial reporting, resulting in a loss of investor confidence and a decline in the price of our equity shares. 

Further, our operations are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations. These laws generally prohibit us and our employees and intermediaries from bribing, being bribed or making other prohibited payments to government officials or other persons to obtain or retain business or gain some other business advantage. We participate in collaborations and relationships with third parties whose actions could potentially subject us to liability under these laws or other local anti-corruption laws. While our code of conduct requires our employees and intermediaries to comply with all applicable laws, and we continue to enhance our policies and procedures in an effort to ensure compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations, these measures may not prevent the breach of such anti-corruption laws, as there are risks of such breaches in emerging markets, such as India, including within the healthcare sector. If we are not in compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement and other sanctions and remedial measures, and legal expenses, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Likewise, any investigation of any potential violations of anti-corruption laws by the relevant authorities could also have an adverse impact on our business and reputation. 

**_59. We are dependent on government policies and budget allocations for diagnostic centres that we intend to establish in future and our overall growth._** 

We are focused on operating diagnostic centres within existing facilities of public healthcare agencies. Our future operations are dependent on the policies and budgetary allocations available to such public healthcare agencies to deploy diagnostic centres within their existing facilities. Any change in the policy by state or central government or a reduction in healthcare expenditure by such state or central government could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 

**_60. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

We have not declared dividend in the past. For further information, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 195. The declaration and payment of dividends will be recommended by our Board of Directors and approved by our Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act, 2013. We may retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of the business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. Accordingly, realization of a gain on Shareholders’ investments will depend on the appreciation of the price of the Equity Shares. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will appreciate in value. 

**_61. We will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. The Selling Shareholders will receive the net proceeds from the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer consists of a Fresh Issue and an Offer for Sale. The Selling Shareholders shall be entitled to the net proceeds from the Offer for Sale, which comprise proceeds from the Offer for Sale net of Offer expenses shared by the Selling Shareholders, and our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. 

**_62. U.S. holders should consider the impact of the passive foreign investment company rules in connection with an investment in our Equity Shares._** 

A foreign corporation will be treated as a passive foreign investment company (“ **PFIC** ”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes for any taxable year in which either: (i) at least 75% of its gross income is “passive income” or (ii) at least 50% of its gross assets during the taxable year (based on of the quarterly values of the assets during a taxable year) are “passive assets,” which generally means that they produce passive income or are held for the production of passive income. 

Our Company believes it was not a PFIC for fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, and does not expect to be a PFIC for the current year or any future years. However, no assurance can be given that our Company will or 

50 

will not be considered a PFIC in the current or future years. The determination of whether or not our Company is a PFIC is a factual determination that is made annually after the end of each taxable year, and there can be no assurance that our Company will not be considered a PFIC in the current taxable year or any future taxable year because, among other reasons, (i) the composition of our Company’s income and assets will vary over time, and (ii) the manner of the application of relevant rules is uncertain in several respects. Further, our Company’s PFIC status may depend on the market price of its Equity Shares, which may fluctuate considerably. 

# **EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

# **RISKS RELATING TO INDIA** 

# **_63. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located elsewhere, including India. Adverse economic developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficit, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 

We are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in which we operate. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. Demand for our products may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional and global economies. Economic growth in the countries in which we operate is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports, global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall which affects agricultural production. Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Also, a change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could adversely affect economic conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular and high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our revenues, and as such decrease our operating margins. 

# **_64. If there is any change in laws or regulations, including taxation laws, or their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect our financial statements._** 

Any change in Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. For instance, the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2019 prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. According to this Act, companies can henceforth voluntarily opt in favour of a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which would ultimately reduce the effective tax rate for Indian companies from 34.94% to approximately 25.17%. Any such future amendments may affect our other benefits such as exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemption for interest received in respect of tax free bonds, and long-term capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. 

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Government of India also passed the Taxation and Other Laws (Relaxation of Certain Provisions) Act, 2020, implementing relaxations from certain requirements under, amongst others, the Central Goods and Service Tax Act, 2017 and Customs Tariff Act, 1975. 

Further, the Government of India has announced the Union Budget for Fiscal 2021, pursuant to which the Finance Act of 2021 has introduced various amendments. In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign 

51 

investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. 

**_65. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or outbreak of global pandemics, such as the COVID19 pandemic, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war in India or globally may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_66. A slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer._** 

Our performance and the growth of our business are necessarily dependent on the health of the overall Indian economy. Any slowdown in the Indian economy or future volatility in global commodity prices could adversely affect our business. India’s GDP increased at a CAGR of 6.6% to ₹146 trillion from ₹87 trillion between Fiscal 2012 and Fiscal 2020. The county’s GDP is estimated to contract 8% in Fiscal 2021 ( _Source: CRISIL Report_ ). Additionally, an increase in trade deficit, a downgrading in India’s sovereign debt rating or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively affect interest rates and liquidity, which could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business. Any downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India could also adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

India’s economy could be adversely affected by a general rise in interest rates, adverse weather conditions affecting agriculture, commodity and energy prices as well as various other factors. A slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect the policy of the GoI towards our industry, which may in turn adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to implement our business strategy. The Indian economy is also influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market conditions in Asia. A decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves may also affect liquidity and interest rates in the Indian economy, which could adversely impact our financial condition. A loss of investor confidence in other emerging market economies or any worldwide financial instability may adversely affect the Indian economy, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

India has from time to time experienced instances of social, religious and civil unrest and hostilities between neighbouring countries. Military activity or terrorist attacks in the future could influence the Indian economy by disrupting communications and making travel more difficult and such political tensions could create a greater perception that investments in Indian companies involve higher degrees of risk. Events of this nature in the future, as well as social and civil unrest within other countries in Asia, could influence the Indian economy. A number of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to contagious diseases and, for example, have had confirmed cases of diseases such as the highly 

52 

pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID19 virus. 

Other factors which may adversely affect the Indian economy are scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing of our developments and expansions; volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on India’s principal stock exchanges; changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies, like political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; occurrence of natural or man-made disasters; infectious disease outbreaks or other serious public health concerns; prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; and other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India. 

# **_67. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia, United States, United Kingdom, Russia and elsewhere in the world in recent years has adversely affected the Indian economy. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby negatively affect the Indian economy. Financial disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on our principal markets. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. Following the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union (“ **Brexit** ”), there still remains uncertainty around the impact of Brexit on the general economic conditions in the United Kingdom and the European Union and any consequential impact on global financial markets. 

In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy as well as a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term effect of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. Any significant financial disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_68. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as Indian GAAP, U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which investors may be more familiar with and may consider material to their assessment of our financial condition._** 

Our Restated Financial Statements has been derived from (i) our audited special purpose interim financial statements as at and for the nine months ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 each prepared in accordance with Ind AS, (ii) our audited special purpose financial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2020 prepared in accordance with Ind AS, and (iii) Ind AS financial information as at and for the years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 that have been prepared by making Ind AS adjustments to the audited Indian GAAP financial statements as at and for the years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018; restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note on Reports in Company Prospectuses (Revised 2019) issued by the ICAI, as amended. For further information, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Presentation of Financial Information_ ” on page 287. Ind AS differs in certain significant respects from Indian GAAP, IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. If our financial statements were to be prepared in accordance with such other accounting principles, our 

53 

results of operations, cash flows and financial position may be substantially different. Prospective investors should review the accounting policies applied in the preparation of our financial statements, and consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between these accounting principles and those with which they may be more familiar. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

# **_69. A downgrade in sovereign ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. India’s sovereign rating decreased from Baa2 with a “negative” outlook to Baa3 with a “negative” outlook by Moody’s and from BBB with a “stable” outlook to BBB with a “negative” outlook (Fitch) in June 2020. India’s sovereign ratings from S&P is BBB-with a “stable” outlook. Any further adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_70. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us, our Directors, the Book Running Lead Managers or any of their directors and executive officers in India respectively, except by way of a law suit in India._** 

We are incorporated under the laws of India and all of our Directors and key management personnel reside in India. A substantial portion of our assets are also located in India. Where investors wish to enforce foreign judgments in India, they may face difficulties in enforcing such judgments. India exercises reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions. In order to be enforceable, a judgment obtained in a jurisdiction which India recognises as a reciprocating territory must meet certain requirements of the Civil Procedure Code, 1908 (the “ **CPC** ”). 

India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13, 14 and Section 44A of the CPC on a statutory basis. Section 44A of the CPC provides that where a certified copy of a decree of any superior court, within the meaning of that Section, obtained in any country or territory outside India which the government has by notification declared to be in a reciprocating territory, may be enforced in India by proceedings in execution as if the judgment had been rendered by a district court in India. However, Section 44A of the CPC is applicable only to monetary decrees and does not apply to decrees for amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalties and does not apply to arbitration awards (even if such awards are enforceable as a decree or judgment). 

Among other jurisdictions, the United Kingdom, United Arab Emirates, Singapore and Hong Kong have been declared by the government to be reciprocating territories for the purposes of Section 44A of the CPC. The United States has not been declared by the Government of India to be a reciprocating territory for the purposes of Section 44A of the CPC. A judgment of a court of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit upon the judgment under Section 13 of the CPC, and not by proceedings in execution. Section 13 of the CPC provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated upon except: (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction; (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case; (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable; (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice; (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud; and/ or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. The suit must be brought in India within three years from the date of judgment in the same manner as any other suit filed to enforce a civil liability in India. 

It cannot be assured that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court will enforce foreign judgments if it views the amount of damages awarded as excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. A party seeking 

54 

to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval from the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered pursuant to the execution of such foreign judgment. 

**_71. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our services at a proportional rate thereby reducing our margins._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of transportation, wages, raw materials and other expenses relevant to our business. 

High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our customers, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or entirely offset any increases in costs with increases in prices for our products. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Further, the Government has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

**_72. We may be affected by competition laws, the adverse application or interpretation of which could adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, of India, as amended (“ **Competition Act** ”), regulates practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India (“ **AAEC** ”). Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an AAEC is considered void and may result in the imposition of substantial penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or the provision of services or shares the market or source of production or provision of services in any manner, including by way of allocation of geographical area or number of customers in the relevant market or directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an AAEC and is considered void. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. 

On March 4, 2011, the Government notified and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to and pre-approved by the Competition Commission of India (the “CCI”). Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued Competition Commission of India (Procedure for Transaction of Business Relating to Combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. 

The Competition Act aims to, among others, prohibit all agreements and transactions which may have an AAEC in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an AAEC in India. However, the impact of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements entered into by us cannot be predicted with certainty at this stage. However, since we pursue an acquisition driven growth strategy, we may be affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI or if any prohibition or substantial penalties are levied under the Competition Act, it would adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

55 

# **RISKS RELATING TO THE OFFER AND THE EQUITY SHARES** 

**_73. Rights of shareholders of companies under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Our Articles of Association, composition of our Board, Indian laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law, including in relation to class actions, may not be as extensive and wide-spread as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

**_74. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares. The Income Tax Act levies taxes on long-term capital gains exceeding ₹100,000 arising from sale of equity shares on or after April 1, 2018, while there is no tax charged on unrealized capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on equity shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. The Income Tax Act levies taxes on such longterm capital gains exceeding ₹100,000 arising from sale of equity shares on or after April 1, 2018, while continuing to exempt the unrealized capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on such equity shares subject to specific conditions. 

A securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is levied both at the time of transfer and acquisition of the equity shares (unless exempted under a prescribed notification), and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realised on the sale of equity shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold using any other platform other than on a recognised stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, are subject to long term capital gains tax in India. Such long term capital gains exceeding ₹100,000 arising from the sale of listed equity shares on the stock exchange are subject to tax at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess). Further, STT will be levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange if the equity shares are sold on a stock exchange. With respect to capital gains arising in an off market sale, long term capital gains are subject to tax at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) without the exemption of ₹100,000. Short-term capital gains, arising from the sale of such equity shares on a stock exchange would be subject to tax at the rate of 15% (plus applicable surcharge and cess), while short term capital gains arising in an off-market sale would be subject to tax at a higher rate of 40% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) in the case of foreign companies and 30% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) in the case of other non-resident taxpayers. 

We cannot predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Act 2021 would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. For instance, the Supreme Court of India has in a decision clarified the components of basic wages which need to be considered by companies while making provident fund payments, which resulted in an increase in the provident fund payments to be made by companies. Any such decisions in future or any further changes in interpretation of laws may have an impact on our results of operations. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

The Finance Act 2019 has also clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a nondelivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. 

56 

Our Company cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect on our Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_75. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time taken for such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares outside India, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

**_76. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to compliance with sectoral norms and certain other restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Further, unless specifically restricted, foreign investment is freely permitted in all sectors of the Indian economy up to any extent and without any prior approvals, but the foreign investor is required to follow certain prescribed procedures for making such investment. The RBI and the concerned ministries/departments are responsible for granting approval for foreign investment. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. 

In addition, pursuant to the Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the DPIIT, which has been incorporated as the proviso to Rule 6(a) of the FEMA Rules, investments where the beneficial owner of the Equity Shares is situated in or is a citizen of a country which shares land border with India, can only be made through the Government approval route, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy dated October 15, 2020 and the FEMA Rules. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained with or without any particular terms or conditions or at all. 

We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For further information, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 370. 

**_77. Any future issuance of Equity Shares may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by the Promoter may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth, whether organic or inorganic, through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us (including under an employee benefit scheme) or disposal of our Equity Shares by the Promoter or any of our other principal shareholders or any other change in our shareholding structure to comply with minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India or any public perception regarding such issuance or sales may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that our existing shareholders including our Promoter will not dispose of further Equity Shares after the completion of the Offer (subject to compliance with the lock-in provisions under the SEBI ICDR Regulations) or pledge or encumber their Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of shareholder’s investment in the Equity Shares and adversely affect 

57 

the trading price of our Equity Shares. Such securities may also be issued at prices below the Offer Price. We may also issue convertible debt securities to finance our future growth or fund our business activities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. 

**_78. Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Offer._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in the Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately five Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid/ Offer Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

**_79. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction the investors are located in does not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emption rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in us would be reduced. 

**_80. QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid amount) at any stage after submitting a bid, and Retail Individual Bidders are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after Bid/Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are required to block the Bid amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of equity shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Similarly, Retail Individual Bidders can revise or withdraw their Bids at any time during the Bid/Offer Period and until the Bid/ Offer Closing date, but not thereafter. While we are required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within six Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by the SEBI, events affecting the investors’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events may limit the investors’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. Therefore, QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders will not be able to withdraw or lower their bids following adverse developments in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or otherwise between the dates of submission of their Bids and Allotment. 

58 

**_81. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and may experience price and volume fluctuations following the completion of the Offer, an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for our Equity Shares will develop or, if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book building process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described in the section “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 106. This price may not necessarily be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares after the Offer is completed. You may not be able to re-sell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer price and may as a result lose all or part of your investment. 

Our Equity Shares are expected to trade on NSE and BSE after the Offer, but there can be no assurance that active trading in our Equity Shares will develop after the Offer, or if such trading develops that it will continue. Investors may not be able to sell our Equity Shares at the quoted price if there is no active trading in our Equity Shares. 

There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past, and the trading price of our Equity Shares after this Offer could fluctuate significantly as a result of market volatility or due to various internal or external risks, including but not limited to those described in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

The initial public offering price will be determined by the Book Building Process and may not be indicative of prices that will prevail in the open market following the Offer. The market price of our Equity Shares may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 

- the failure of security analysts to cover the Equity Shares after this Offer, or changes in the estimates of our performance by analysts; 

- the activities of competitors and suppliers; 

- future sales of the Equity Shares by us or our shareholders; 

- investor perception of us and the industry in which we operate; 

- our quarterly or annual earnings or those of our competitors; 

- developments affecting fiscal, industrial or environmental regulations; 

- the public’s reaction to our press releases and adverse media reports; and 

- general economic conditions. 

A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

As a result of these factors, investors may not be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the initial public offering price. In addition, the stock market often experiences price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of a particular company. These broad market fluctuations and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of the Equity Shares, regardless of our Company’s performance. There can be no assurance that the investor will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

**_82. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will be listed on the BSE and NSE in a timely manner or at all._** 

In accordance with Indian law and practice, permission for listing and trading of our Equity Shares will not be granted until after certain actions have been completed in relation to this Offer and until Allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to this Offer. 

In accordance with current regulations and circulars issued of SEBI, our Equity Shares are required to be listed on the BSE and NSE within such time as mandated under UPI Circulars, subject to any change in the prescribed timeline in this regard. However, we cannot assure you that the trading in our Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner or at all. Any failure or delay in obtaining final listing and trading approvals may restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares. 

59 

**_83. Compliance with provisions of Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act may affect payments on the Equity Shares._** 

The U.S. “Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act” (or “ **FATCA** ”) imposes a new reporting regime and potentially, imposes a 30% withholding tax on certain “foreign passthru payments” made by certain non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries). 

If payments on the Equity Shares are made by such non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries), this withholding may be imposed on such payments if made to any non-U.S. financial institution (including an intermediary) that is not otherwise exempt from FATCA or other holders who do not provide sufficient identifying information to the payer, to the extent such payments are considered “foreign passthru payments”. Under current guidance, the term “foreign passthru payment” is not defined and it is therefore not clear whether and to what extent payments on the Equity Shares would be considered “foreign passthru payments”. The United States has entered into intergovernmental agreements with many jurisdictions (including India) that modify the FATCA withholding regime described above. It is not yet clear how the intergovernmental agreements between the United States and these jurisdictions will address “foreign passthru payments” and whether such agreements will require us or other financial institutions to withhold or report on payments on the Equity Shares to the extent they are treated as “foreign passthru payments”. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the consequences of FATCA, or any intergovernmental agreement or non-U.S. legislation implementing FATCA, to their investment in Equity Shares. 

60 

