# **SECTION II - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below before making an investment in the Equity Shares. We have described the risks and uncertainties that we consider material, but these risks and uncertainties may not be the only risks relevant to us, the Equity Shares, or the industry in which we currently operate or propose to operate. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factor below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implication of any of the risks mentioned in this section. If any or a combination of the following risks actually occur, or if any of the risks that are currently not known or deemed to be not relevant or material now actually occur or become material in the future, our business, cash flows, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could suffer, the trading price of the Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. For more details on our business and operations, see “Our Business,” “Industry Overview,” “Key Regulations and Policies in India” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations” beginning on pages 186, 154, 215 and 327, respectively, as well as other financial information included elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_In making an investment decision, you must rely on your own examination of us and the terms of the Offer, including the merits and risks involved, and you should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward- looking statements as a result of certain factors, including but not limited to the considerations described below. For details, see “ForwardLooking Statements” beginning on page 18._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the CRISIL Report, prepared and released by CRISIL and commissioned and paid for by us in connection with the Offer. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the CRISIL Report and included herein with respect to any particular year, refers to such information for the relevant year. The CRISIL Report is available on our website at https://www.grouplandmark.in/corporate-document/._ 

_Our fiscal year ends on March 31 of each year, and references to a particular fiscal period are to the twelve months ended March 31 of that year. References to a three months period are to the three months ended June 30 of a particular fiscal year. Unless otherwise specified or as the context requires, financial information included in this section for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 is derived from our Restated Consolidated Financial Information._ 

_Unless otherwise stated, in this section references to “we”, “us”, and “our” are to Landmark Cars Limited and its subsidiaries; and references to the “the Company”, “our Company” and/or “Issuer” are to Landmark Cars Limited._ 

# **INTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

# **Risks Relating to our Business** 

# **_1. We had reported a loss in Fiscal 2020 and may incur additional losses in the future._** 

We reported a consolidated loss after tax of ₹289.39 million in Fiscal 2020. 

Our loss in Fiscal 2020 was primarily due to a decrease in revenue from operations of 21.51% to ₹22,186.14 million for Fiscal 2020 from ₹28,265.18 million for Fiscal 2019 and a decrease in new vehicle sales volume by 24.36% from 22,118 units in Fiscal 2019 to 16,730 units in Fiscal 2020. These decreases were primarily attributable to the higher discounts we offered to customers in Fiscal 2020 to sell our entire stock of Bharat Emission Stage IV engine vehicles and the effects from the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, including as a result of the national lockdown imposed by the Government of India during the second half of March 2020. For further details, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations_ ” beginning on page 327. 

We may incur losses after tax in the future. Our failure to generate profits may adversely affect the market price of our Equity Shares, restrict our ability to pay dividends and impair our ability to raise capital and expand our business. 

28 

**_2. We are subject to the significant influence of, and restrictions imposed by OEMs pursuant to the terms of our dealership or agency agreements that may adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects, including our ability to expand into new territories and acquire additional dealerships._** 

We operate our dealerships pursuant to dealership agreements with Honda, Volkswagen, Jeep, Renault and Ashok Leyland and an agency agreement with Mercedes-Benz. Pursuant to the terms of these agreements, each of the OEMs are able to exert influence over the day-to-day operations of our dealerships with the respective OEM. For instance, the OEMs may unilaterally discontinue associations with vendors where we might have entered into long term contracts and made advance payments to such vendors for services. We discontinued our dealership for an OEM in Pune in Fiscal 2021, which we operated for over three years, on account of commercial considerations. For information on our sales revenue and our after sales service revenue for each OEM, see “ _-8. The decision by any of our OEMs not to renew, to terminate or to require adverse material modifications to any of our dealership or agency agreements entered into with them could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition_ ” on page 33. The OEMs are also typically entitled from time to time to prescribe guidelines and/or the minimum requirements and specifications that each of our sales outlets and after-sales service and spares outlets are required to adhere to which may require significant capital expenditure from time to time. For instance, we are subject to numerous operational requirements and restrictions relating to inventory levels, working capital levels, the sales process, signage, marketing and branding, showroom and service facilities, personnel, changes in management, and monthly financial reporting, and periodic inspections and audits, among other things. We are also required to adhere to certain service and customer satisfaction levels prescribed by the OEMs in operating our dealerships and our failure to do so may lead to the termination of the relevant dealership agreement. The terms and conditions of our dealership or agency arrangements and the OEMs’ interests and objectives may, in certain circumstances, conflict with our interests and objectives. For instance, under our Mercedes-Benz agency agreement, we are precluded from acquiring additional dealerships with other OEMs unless we obtain prior consent from Mercedes-Benz. 

Our dealership agreements with Honda, Volkswagen, Jeep, Renault and Ashok Leyland and our agency agreement with Mercedes-Benz will expire within the next three years. We may not be able to renew these agreements on attractive terms or at all. For more information, see below – _“8. The decision by any of our OEMs not to renew, to terminate or to require adverse material modifications to any of our dealership or agency agreements entered into with them could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition”_ on page 33. 

Further, the OEMs are also entitled to establish new dealerships in the same geographical area or relocate existing dealerships. The establishment of or relocation of dealerships in our markets (with our OEMs or otherwise) could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition of our dealerships in the market in which the action is taken. Further, any reduction in margins or capping of service fees by the OEMs may impact our revenues and profitability. For further details, see “- _Margins earned from our services and repair vertical may be impacted by pricing guidelines set by our OEMs_ ” on page 39. The significant influence of and restrictions imposed by OEMs could impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

3. **_The agreements governing our indebtedness contain certain restrictive covenants and our inability to comply with these covenants could adversely affect our business, results of operations financial condition._** 

We have entered into agreements in relation to financing arrangements with certain banks for short-term and longterm loans, working capital facilities and other borrowings. As of June 30, 2022, our consolidated outstanding borrowings of ₹4,643.65 million comprised non-current borrowings of ₹454.48 million, current borrowings of ₹3,513.41 million and vehicle floor plan of ₹675.76 million. Some of these agreements contain requirements to maintain certain security margins, financial ratios and contain restrictive covenants relating to issuance of new shares, changes in capital structure, making material changes to constitutional documents, incurring further indebtedness, encumbrances on or disposal of assets, paying dividends and making investments over certain thresholds. As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have obtained necessary consents from, and made necessary intimations to, our lenders as required under our loan documentation, for undertaking the Offer and related actions. For further details, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” beginning on page 368. Furthermore, some of our financing arrangements specify that upon the occurrence of an event of default, the lender shall have the right to, _inter alia_ , cancel the outstanding facilities available for drawdown, declare the loan to be immediately due and payable with accrued interest and enforce rights over the security created. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with these financial or other covenants. 

Our lenders also have the ability to recall or accelerate all or part of the amounts owed by us, subject to the terms of 

29 

the financing arrangement. Such recalls may be contingent on happening of an event beyond our control and there can be no assurance that we will be able to persuade our lenders to give us extensions or to refrain from exercising such recalls. In the three months ended June 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, we have not violated any of the restrictive covenants or triggered an event of default with respect to any of our financial indebtedness nor have we undergone any rescheduling for repayment of loans with respect to the financial indebtedness that we have availed. 

In the three months ended June 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, our net debt/EBITDA ratio was 7.92, 1.49, 2.54 and 3.90, respectively, and our debt service coverage ratio was 1.93, 4.05, 2.38 and 1.01, respectively. 

There can be no assurance that we will be able to repay our loans in full, or at all, at the receipt of a recall or acceleration notice, or otherwise. Our inability to comply with the conditions prescribed under the financing arrangements, or repay the loans as per the repayment schedule, may have an adverse impact on our credit rating, business operations and future financial performance. Further, if we are unable to service our existing debt, our ability to raise debt in the future will be adversely affected, which will have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_4. Our success depends on the value, perception, marketing and overall competitiveness of our OEMs’ vehicle brands in India and any damage to these brands or their failure to compete effectively in India could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our dealerships for various OEMS are operated under our umbrella brand “Group Landmark”, and we believe that our continued success will depend on our ability to maintain and enhance the value of our brands. Although we take many steps to increase our brand awareness and protect the value of our brand through marketing, advertising and promotion, our business is dependent on the value, perception, marketing and overall competitiveness of our OEMs’ brands in India and on our OEMs’ ability to maintain and enhance brand value. 

Indian consumers are exposed to a large variety of advertising and marketing efforts by automotive industry participants, including large expenditures on television, radio, print media, online and social media, billboards as well as at events and other promotions. Accordingly, our business is also dependent on customers’ perception of our OEM’s brands and these advertising and marketing campaigns of our OEMs and their competitors. 

Our OEMs from time to time establish various marketing and sales incentive programs designed to increase consumer demand for their vehicles, particularly during Indian festivals or periods of excess supply and/or in a flat or declining new or pre-owned vehicle market. These programs impact our operations, particularly our sales of new vehicles. Since these programs are often not announced in advance, they can be difficult to plan for when budgeting for inventory. Furthermore, OEMs may modify or discontinue these marketing and incentive programs from time to time depending on various factors which could have a material adverse effect on business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our OEM’s brands could be damaged by negative publicity in traditional or social media or by claims or perceptions about the quality, reliability and safety of their vehicles, regardless of whether or not such claims or perceptions are true. Any untoward incidents such as litigation, product recalls, regulatory actions or negative publicity in traditional or social media, whether isolated or recurring, can significantly reduce our brand or our OEM’s brand value and consumer trust. In addition, competing automotive brands may be more successful at enhancing the value of their brands by successful marketing and advertising or by unmatched increases in marketing and advertising spend in India. For example, competing OEMs’ brands may launch promotional activities, concepts, branding and advertising activities, which may increase their brand visibility which our OEMs’ brands are unable to match. If our OEMs through their efforts fail to preserve the value of their brands, maintain their reputation, or attract consumers, our sales of vehicles at our dealerships could be adversely impacted thereby adversely affecting our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, some of the OEMs that compete with our OEMs’ brands in the Indian market may have greater financial, research and technological resources, larger sales and marketing teams and more established reputations and local knowledge in India. In addition, competing OEMs’ brands may also be in a better position to identify market trends, adapt to changes in industry, introduce innovative new models, introduce models better suited for the India market, offer more competitive prices or develop better reputations for product quality, reliability and safety. Any inability of our OEMs’ brands to compete effectively in the Indian market, could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

30 

**_5. A large portion of our business operations are concentrated in the states of Gujarat and Maharashtra, and any adverse developments in these states could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

In the three months ended June 30, 2022 and in Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, 50.32%, 50.64%, 52.41% and 52.25% of our number of new vehicles sold and 49.41%, 48.77%, 50.77% and 47.87% of our total consolidated revenue from sale of cars was derived from dealership operations in Gujarat and 22.59%, 24.50%, 24.61% and 23.60% of our vehicle sales and 20.88%, 25.54%, 23.47% and 25.12% of our total consolidated revenue was derived from dealership operations in Maharashtra. The concentration of all of our operations in Gujarat and Maharashtra heightens our exposure to adverse developments related to regulation, as well as economic, demographic and other changes in these states. In the event of a slowdown in the economic activity in these states, or any other developments including natural disasters, political unrest, disruption or sustained economic downturn, we may experience an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition, which are largely dependent on the performance and other prevailing conditions affecting the economies of these states. Furthermore, the states of Gujarat and Maharashtra have experienced social and civil unrest in the past and such tensions could lead to political or economic instability and a possible adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. There can be no assurance that such situations will not recur or be more intense than in the past. 

**_6. We may not be able to complete, or achieve the expected benefits from, current or future dealership acquisitions which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We have used acquisitions as a means of increasing the geographic reach of our dealerships and we may continue to make acquisitions to do so; and we also may use acquisitions to acquire new OEM partners and expand the reach of our service businesses in line with our strategy. 

Except as disclosed below _,_ our Company has not made any material acquisition or divestment of any business/undertaking in the 10 years preceding the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

||<br>|||_(₹ in million)_<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Calendar**<br>**Year**|<br>**Relevant**<br>**OEM**|**Location**|**Details of acquisition**|**Total cost of**<br>**acquisition***|
|2021<br>|Mercedes-<br>Benz|Mumbai and Thane,<br>Maharashtra|Acquisition of business of servicing of<br>Mercedes-Benz vehicles as a going concern on<br>“_slump sale_” basis from Shaman Wheels Private<br>Limited|<br> <br> <br>437.44<sup>#</sup>|
||Volkswagen|Surat, Gujarat|Purchase of fixed assets|39.10|
||Honda|Vapi, Gujarat|Purchase of fixed assets|10.00|
||Jeep and Fiat|Punjab|Purchase of assets, spares and accessories|5.81|
|2018|Volkswagen|Ahmedabad, Gujarat|Purchase of fixed assets|90.00|
|2016 and<br>2017|Renault|Punjab|Purchase of fixed assets|245.35|
|2013|Mercedes-Ben|z Kolkata, West<br>Bengal|Purchase of fixed assets|125.37|
|**Total**<br>#_Basis the va_|_luation report dat_|_ed September 30, 2022 i_|_ssued by Shah &  Sangharajka, Chartered Accountan_|**953.07**<br>_ts. The valuation_|



> # _<mark>Basis the valuation report dated September 30, 2022 issued by Shah &  Sangharajka, Chartered Accountants. The valuation report has been available for inspection from the date of this Red Herring Prospectus until the Bid/Offer Closing Date. See “Material Contracts and Documents for Inspection” on page 521.</mark>_ 

> _*_ _<mark>Does not include goods and services taxes paid.</mark>_ 

In addition, we have also made forays into technology and platforms through our investments in Chatpay Commerce Private Limited and Sheerdrive Private Limited, in which we held an equity interest of 8.26% and 19.97%, on a fully diluted basis as of June 30, 2022, respectively. 

If we do not successfully integrate our acquired dealerships, after-sales service businesses or companies or our strategic investments, the anticipated operating advantages, benefits to our brands and cost savings may not be realized. 

Our ability to acquire existing dealerships or after-sales service businesses and integrating them into our business is dependent on a multitude of factors including our ability to identify suitable locations or suitable businesses to acquire in synergy with our existing dealerships, receipt of consent from the OEMs, and limitations on our capital resources, amongst others. 

31 

Under our dealership and agency agreements, acquisition of new dealerships requires the consent from the OEMs. In determining whether to approve an acquisition, our OEMs may consider many factors, including our financial condition, ownership structure, the number of dealerships currently operated by us and our performance in such dealerships, frequency of acquisitions, ownership of dealerships in adjoining markets, percentage of market share that may be controlled by our dealerships amongst other factors. Further, in determining whether to approve any proposal for us to partner with different brands of OEMs, our existing OEMs may evaluate factors such as competition, geographical considerations and financial performance, amongst others. If we identify suitable opportunities, obtaining consent of the OEMs may also take a considerable amount of time. We cannot assure you that the OEMs will approve future acquisitions or expansions in a timely manner or at all and/or will not impose additional conditions with respect to our existing arrangements. 

In addition, the acquisition and integration of dealerships, service centers and companies involve a number of risks, including: 

- Lack of proper implementation or remediation of controls, procedures and policies at the acquired dealership company; 

- use of available cash, new borrowings or borrowings under existing credit facilities to consummate the acquisition may not yield targeted or desired benefits; 

- lower than expected sales of the acquired dealership or company; 

- problems in integration of the acquired company’s accounting, human resources and other administrative systems, including management information, purchasing, accounting, finance, billing, payroll and benefits and regulatory compliance; 

- incurring additional facility renovation costs or other expenses required by the OEM; 

- inability to identify all the risks, liabilities and challenges in relation to the proposed acquisition; 

- demands placed on our management related to the increase in our overall business size after an acquisition; 

- diversion of management’s attention from existing operations to the integration of acquired companies; integration of acquired companies existing systems into our systems; 

- difficulties in the assimilation and retention of employees; 

- difficulties in the maintenance of relationships with OEMs and other key relationships to an acquired company; 

- incurring significantly higher capital expenditures and operating expenses, which could substantially limit our operating or financial flexibility; 

- entering new and unfamiliar markets; 

- difficulties in coordinating the sales and marketing functions of the acquired business with our existing business; 

- ongoing obligations under agreements related to the acquisition; 

- infringement claims, violation of laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities and other known and unknown liabilities; or 

- inheritance of claims or liabilities, as a result of strategic acquisitions, including claims from OEM, customers, or other third parties and potential adverse effects on our operating results. 

Accordingly, we cannot assure you that our current or future acquisitions will prove value accretive to us and to our shareholders. If any of the risks described above (or a combination thereof) or any other incidental risks should materialize, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects may be adversely affected. We may not be able to maintain the levels of operating efficiency that acquired companies achieved separately. Successful integration of acquired operations will depend upon our ability to manage those operations and to eliminate redundant and excess costs. We may not be able to achieve the cost savings and other benefits that we would hope to achieve from acquisitions. Failure in effectively integrating acquired businesses may result in diminution, loss or write-off of our investments in such businesses, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_7. Our operations are subject to various governmental laws and regulations and certain state specific notifications and guidelines. If we are found to be in purported violation of or subject to liabilities under any of these laws or regulations, or if new laws or regulations are enacted that adversely affect our operations, our business, operating results, and prospects could suffer._** 

The automotive retail industry, including our facilities and operations, are subject to certain state specific guidelines and notifications pertaining to display of number plates, road transport office rules and various other laws and regulations, including those relating to new and pre-owned motor vehicle sales, finance and insurance, consumer protection, consumer privacy, environment, vehicle emissions and fuel economy, health and safety, and employment practices. For details, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies in India_ ” beginning on page 215. We currently devote 

32 

significant resources to comply with applicable laws and regulations and we may need to spend additional time, effort, and money to keep our operations and existing or acquired facilities in compliance therewith. Further, the approvals that we obtain may stipulate certain conditions requiring our compliance. If we fail to abide by the conditions mentioned in our existing approvals, so such approvals are withdrawn, or we fail to obtain any of the approvals or licenses required for our operations, or renewals thereof, in a timely manner, or non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations could result in imposition of fines and penalties which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. For further details, please see the section entitled “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” beginning on page 388. 

Further, OEMs are subject to government-mandated fuel economy and greenhouse gas, or GHG, emission standards, which continue to change and become more stringent over time. New vehicles in India are currently required to be Bharat Emission Stage VI compliant. These and other laws and regulations could materially adversely affect the ability of OEMs to produce, and our ability to sell vehicles in demand by consumers at affordable prices, which could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_8. The decision by any of our OEMs not to renew, to terminate or to require adverse material modifications to any of our dealership or agency agreements entered into with them could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we operated under passenger vehicle dealership agreements with Honda, Volkswagen, Jeep and Renault, a commercial vehicle dealership of Ashok Leyland and an agency agreement with Mercedes-Benz. Further, we also have dealership and distribution agreements for spare parts distribution with various OEMs. 

The table below sets forth breakdown of our revenue from the sale of cars for each OEM or brand during the three months ended June 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 and as a percentage of total revenue from operations. 

_<u>(₹ in millions, except percentage)</u>_ 

|**OEM/Brand**|**Three**<br>**e**<br>**June**<br>|**months**<br>**nded**<br>**30, 2022**<br>|**Fisca**<br>|**l 2022**<br>|**Fisca**<br>|**l 2021**<br>|**Fisca**<br>|**l 2020**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Sales**|**% of total**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Sales**|**% of total**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Sales**|**% of total**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Sales**|**% of total**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|
|Mercedes-Benz<br>(dealership model)|-|-|4,076.77|13.70%|4,752.73|24.30%|5,791.68|26.10%|
|Mercedes-Benz<br>(agency model)#|293.89|3.67%|1,169.44|3.93%|-|-|-|-|
|Honda|975.30|12.19%|3,736.22|12.55%|2,994.17|15.31%|3,687.34|16.62%|
|Jeep|1,973.91|24.67%|5,561.59|18.68%|2,044.50|10.45%|2,792.08|12.58%|
|Volkswagen|928.37|11.60%|2,203.37|7.40%|934.12|4.78%|1,155.53|5.21%|
|Renault|581.71|7.27%|2,424.40|8.15%|1,864.02|9.53%|1,888.81|8.51%|
|Ashok Leyland|1,205.97|15.07%|3,866.41|12.99%|1,865.90|9.54%|1,229.74|5.54%|
|BYD|104.26|1.30%|35.94|0.12%|||||
|Former OEM Partner*|||||-|-|115.43|0.52%|
|**Total Revenue from**<br>**sale of cars(1)**|**6,063.41**|**75.77%**|**23,074.14**|**77.52%**|**14,455.44**|**73.90%**|**16,660.61**|**75.09%**|



_*Sales of vehicles of former OEM partner were discontinued prior to Fiscal 2021._ 

_# Includes commission income of ₹194.34 million and ₹310.61 million for the three months ended June 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2021 respectively from Mercedes Benz due to change in the business model from dealership model to agency model._ 

> _(1) The above revenue excludes sales of pre-owned cars of ₹ 92.00 million for the three months ended June 30, 2022 and ₹200.20 million, ₹347.97 million and ₹208.17 million for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively._ 

The table below sets forth our after sales service revenue for each OEM or brand during three months ended June 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 and as a percentage of total revenue from operations. 

33 

_<u>(₹ in millions, except percentages)</u>_ 

|**OEM/Brand**|**Three mo**<br>**June**<br>|**nths ended**<br>**30, 2022**<br>|**Fiscal**<br>|**2022**<br>|**Fisca**<br>|<br>**l 2021**<br>|<br>**Fisc**<br>|<br>**al 2020**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**After**<br>**sales**<br>**service**|**% of total**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**After**<br>**sales**<br>**service**|**% of total**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**After**<br>**sales**<br>**service**|**% of total**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**After**<br>**sales**<br>**service**|**% of total**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|
|Mercedes-<br>Benz|663.38|8.29%|2,465.53|8.28%|1,758.03|8.99%|1,905.0<br>0|8.59%|
|Honda|324.72|4.06%|1,236.31|4.15%|824.30|4.21%|904.21|4.08%|
|Jeep|239.54|2.99%|762.60|2.56%|553.43|2.83%|539.99|2.43%|
|Volkswagen|184.20|2.30%|591.97|1.99%|506.46|2.59%|673.14|3.03%|
|Renault|148.19|1.85%|556.60|1.87%|458.16|2.34%|484.95|2.19%|
|Ashok<br>Leyland|51.05|0.64%|164.33|0.55%|111.32|0.57%|185.69|0.84%|
|Former OEM<br>Partner*|-|-|-|-|13.97|0.07%|113.41|0.51%|
|**Total**<br>**after**<br>**sales service**<br>**revenue (1)**|**1,611.08**|**20.13%**|**5,777.34**|**19.41%**|**4,225.67**|**21.60%**|**4,806.39**|**21.66%**|



_*After sales of vehicles of former OEM partner were discontinued prior to Fiscal 2021_ 

_(1) The above revenue excludes sales of local accessories of ₹ 37.52 million for the three months ended June 30, 2022 and ₹91.71 million, ₹3.91 million and ₹ Nil for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 respectively._ 

Pursuant to the dealership agreements entered into with the OEMs, we have been authorized as a dealer of such OEMs, generally on a non-exclusive and non-transferable basis, in identified geographies. These dealership agreements have been entered into for fixed periods of time ranging between 12 months to just over three years and any renewal is subject to the mutual consent of both parties. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully obtain a renewal of such dealership agreements on similar or more favourable terms, as and when necessary, in a timely manner or at all. Additionally, there can be no assurance that the OEMs will not impose any additional onerous restrictions or conditions in the dealership agreements. Further, in accordance with the terms of such dealership agreements, the respective OEMs are entitled to unilaterally terminate such dealership agreements without cause by providing written notice within 90 days and in certain instances, forthwith, without notice, upon breach of terms of the agreement or upon the occurrence of certain events, including, inter alia, bankruptcy, failure to honour repayment terms under our loan agreements, conduct of our business not being satisfactory to the relevant OEMs, amongst others. 

Although we have been successful in obtaining renewals for our dealership agreements in the past, there can be no assurance that we may be able to continue to do so in the future. Further, our dealership and agency agreements may be terminated by either party without assigning reason. The revenue from the sales of products and services derived from each of our OEMs represents a significant portion of our annual financial results. For further information on the revenue contribution from the sales of products and services derived from each of OEM relationships, please see the section titled, “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations – Overview of Revenue and Expenditure – Revenue – Revenue from Operations_ ” on pages 334 of the Red Herring Prospectus. In the event that one or more OEMs are unwilling to renew such agreements or impose terms and conditions at the time of renewal that are less favourable to us than the existing terms and conditions, or in the event one or more OEMs exercise their right to unilaterally terminate their dealership agreements, whether upon the occurrence of any of the events described hereinabove or otherwise, or in the event that there are any disputes initiated between us and the OEMs, we may be unable to identify and/or receive consent for alternative dealership arrangements, which may materially and adversely impact our ability to carry on our business operations and also materially and adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_9. Mercedes-Benz has required that we restructure our dealership arrangement with them to an agency model. We can make no assurances that our business, results of operations and financial condition will not be adversely affected by this change._** 

With effect from October 1, 2021, our dealership agreement with Mercedes-Benz materially changed and converted to an agency model whereby all car sales will be made directly to customers by Mercedes-Benz. Under this agency model, we no longer purchase cars from Mercedes-Benz and re-sell them to the customer. Hence, we will have no inventory of Mercedes-Benz cars except for demo cars and customers will place orders through us directly to 

34 

Mercedes-Benz on which we will earn a commission. This change will have the effect of reducing our revenue from the sales of Mercedes-Benz cars as we will only be showing revenue from commission instead of booking the full price of vehicles sold as revenue. Although we do not expect that this change to an agency model will adversely impact the profitability of our Mercedes-Benz dealerships, we do not have any experience relating to this agency model in India, and we can make no assurances that our business, results of operations and financial condition will not be adversely affected. 

**_10. Our investments in building our pre-owned vehicle business and establishing a new electric passenger dealership with BYD and building an electric vehicle business may not be successful due to insufficient demand in India for electric vehicles and may be loss-making._** 

As part of our strategy, we are making investments to expand our business of buying and selling pre-owned vehicles manufactured for the various OEMs. The pre-owned vehicle market in India is highly competitive, and we face established competition from other OEM dealerships, standalone pre-owned vehicle dealerships and marketspace places, vehicle auctions and online vehicle market places. In order to maintain a competitive position, we must continue to invest in developing our brand, our inventory and our marketing and advertising of our pre-owned vehicle business. This is particularly true in the current environment where online sales and distribution channels have been successful in penetrating an otherwise mature market. In some cases, our investments will be in-house expansion and, in others, they may take the form of an acquisition or investments. Notwithstanding our investments, we cannot guarantee that our efforts to build our pre-owned vehicle business will be successful. Even if we are successful in executing our strategy of expanding our pre-owned vehicles business, our pre-owned vehicle business may be less profitable than what we have experienced historically in our new passenger vehicle businesses, may be loss-making, may consume substantial financial resources, expose us to litigation or product liability claims and/or may divert management’s attention from our existing operations, all of which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition, our subsidiary, WCPL, has entered into a letter of intent with the automaker BYD India Private Limited (“ **BYD** ”) to become their dealer in the National Capital Region (Delhi) and Mumbai in respect of BYD’s electric passenger vehicles. Mercedes-Benz has launched the Mercedes-Benz electric vehicle, EQC. The electric vehicle market in India is not as well developed as in other countries and there is uncertainty as to whether there is sufficient demand for electric vehicles to make a standalone electric passenger vehicle dealership a success. 

Demand for electric vehicles may be dampened if consumers perceive there are insufficient charging stations. According to CRISIL, future growth in electric vehicles will depend on the incentives given by the Government as well as establishment of battery charging infrastructure. ( _Source: CRISIL Report, September 2022)._ In that regard, the Ministry of Power, Government of India has promulgated the revised consolidated guidelines & standards for charging infrastructure for electric vehicles on January 14, 2022, the objective of which is to enable a faster adoption of electric vehicles in India by ensuring safe, reliable, accessible, and affordable Charging Infrastructure and ecosystem. 

There is also uncertainty as to whether electric vehicles may reduce spare parts and service revenues as compared to petrol / diesel consuming vehicles. In addition, although we have significant experience in dealerships for traditional petrol / diesel consuming vehicles, we lack experience in selling electric cars as a main business line. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee that our investments to establish these new BYD dealerships or in electric cars will be successful. 

Further, our electric vehicle business, may be less profitable than what we have experienced historically in our other new passenger vehicle businesses, may be loss-making, may consume substantial financial resources, expose us to litigation or product liability claims and/or may divert management’s attention from our existing operations, all of which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_11. The automotive retail industry is sensitive to changing economic conditions and various other factors such as fuel prices, credit availability, interest rates, consumer preferences, level of personal discretionary spending, unemployment rates, vehicle production levels and capacity, auto emission and fuel economy standards, rate of inflation, currency exchange rates, tariffs, incentives, intensity of industry competition, product quality, rise of ride hailing, ride-sharing and car rental platforms, improvement in public transport infrastructure, technological innovations and restrictions under environmental laws, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are a leading premium and luxury car retail business in India with dealerships for Mercedes-Benz, Honda, Jeep, 

35 

Volkswagen and Renault. We believe that there are a number of factors that affect the sales of new and pre-owned vehicles in India, which are difficult to predict, including but not limited to, the state of the economy, fuel prices, credit availability, interest rates, consumer preferences, the level of personal discretionary spending, unemployment rates, vehicle production levels and capacity, auto emission and fuel economy standards, the rate of inflation, currency exchange rates, tariffs, incentives, intensity of industry competition, product quality, the rise of ride hailing, ride-sharing and car rental platforms, improvement in public transport infrastructure, technological innovations and restrictions under environmental laws. 

Any tightening of the credit markets and credit conditions in India may decrease the availability of automotive loans and adversely impact our new and pre-owned vehicle sales and margins. In particular, if banks and NBFCs apply higher credit standards in respect of loans provided by them generally or in respect of vehicle loans or if there is a decline in the overall availability of credit in the lending market, the ability of consumers to purchase vehicles could be adversely impacted, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, volatile fuel prices may also affect consumer preferences in relation to purchase of vehicles. Rising fuel prices may make consumers less likely to purchase larger, more expensive vehicles, such as sports utility vehicles or luxury automobiles, and more likely to purchase smaller, less expensive and more fuel-efficient vehicles. Conversely, lower fuel prices could have the opposite effect. Volatility in fuel prices can cause rapid changes in consumer preferences which may be difficult to accommodate in terms of inventory management. Increases in fuel prices in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The imposition of new tariffs, duties or any increase in prices for vehicles and vehicle components imported into India can adversely impact demand for such vehicles. For instance, fully built vehicles or spare parts that are being imported are prone to customs duty variation relating to input cost, which would lead to increase in cost of the vehicle, leading to an adverse impact on the demand of the car. Our vehicle sales, service and spares businesses could also be adversely affected by changes in the automotive industry driven by new technologies, including autonomous and electric vehicles, and accident avoidance technology. If new vehicle production exceeds the new vehicle industry selling rate, our new vehicle gross profit per vehicle retailed could be adversely impacted by excess supply and any resulting changes in incentive, marketing, and other programs of OEMs. For further information, see below “- _Our success depends on the value, perception, marketing and overall competitiveness of our OEM’s vehicle brands in India and any damage to these brands or their failure to compete effectively in India could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition_ .” on page 30. 

**_12. The COVID-19 pandemic had a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is uncertain and still evolving, and could continue to adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

In late 2019, COVID-19 began spreading globally. In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID19 as a pandemic, and numerous countries, including India, declared national emergencies in response to the COVID19 pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in quarantines, travel restrictions, limitations on social or public gatherings, and the temporary closure of business venues and facilities across the world, including India. The second wave of COVID-19 infections impacted India in April, May and June 2021. The second wave resulted in significant strain on the health infrastructure in the country resulting in several states announcing lockdown measures. On account of the second wave and a possibility of the third wave of the COVID-19 pandemic including on account of new variants of the COVID-19 virus such as Omicron, many countries along with India, may impose lockdowns and restrictions on travel, closing financial markets and/or restricting trading, and limiting the operations of non-essential businesses. While the vaccines have been made available to the masses, the effectiveness of available vaccines against various mutations of the COVID-19 virus is still uncertain. The scope, duration and frequency of such measures and the adverse effects of COVID-19 remain uncertain. The COVID-19 pandemic has also resulted in economic challenges driven by labour shortage, logistics disruptions and reduced demand. As a result, many industries, including the automobile industry, have been exposed to disruptions in carrying out business operations, resulting in loss of business and reduction in cash flows, which has created stress in different sectors of the economy. Any downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India could also adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. See “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Information-Note 41_ ” on page 302. 

Our business, results of operations and financial condition were materially and adversely affected due to the COVID -19 pandemic, and these adverse effects included (but were not limited to) the following: 

- Our revenue from operations and our new vehicle sales volumes were adversely impacted in Fiscal 2020 by the 

36 

higher discounts we offered to customers in Fiscal 2020 to sell our entire stock of Bharat Emission Stage IV engine vehicles and the effects from the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, including as a result of the national lockdown imposed by the Government of India during the second half of March 2020. As a result of the foregoing, (i) our revenue from operations decreased by 21.51% to ₹22,186.14 million in Fiscal 2020 from ₹28,265.18 million in Fiscal 2019, and (ii) our new vehicle sales volume decreased by 24.36% to 16,730 units in Fiscal 2020 from 22,118 units in Fiscal 2019. 

- During the national lockdown, we experienced a complete suspension of activities at substantially all of our sales outlets and after-sales service and spares centers for extended periods of time in Fiscal 2021, the length of which depended on the location. 

- With the partial and gradual easing of the lockdown, we experienced overall low consumer demand in the automotive markets, and consequently reduced footfalls at all of our outlets during the first and second quarter of Fiscal 2021.We experienced improved business conditions and improved financial results in the third and fourth quarters of Fiscal 2021. In the first and second quarters of Fiscal 2021, our consolidated revenues declined by 79.07% and 14.89%, respectively, as compared to first and second quarters of FY 2020. Improved business conditions in the third and fourth quarter of Fiscal 2021, enabled us to show an increase of 0.94% and 52.96%, respectively, in the third and fourth quarters of Fiscal 2021 as compared to third and fourth quarters of Fiscal 2020. Nevertheless, on a full fiscal year basis, as a result of the foregoing reasons (including the preceding two paragraphs), (i) our revenue from operations decreased by 11.83% to ₹19,561.04 million in Fiscal 2021 from ₹22,186.14 million in Fiscal 2020, and (ii) our new vehicle sales volume decreased by 20.61% to 13,282 units in Fiscal 2021 from 16,730 units in Fiscal 2020. 

- Due to second wave, in the first quarter of Fiscal 2022, we again experienced low consumer demand and reduced footfall at all of our outlets but not as pronounced as the decline in the first quarter of Fiscal 2021. Our consolidated revenue in the first quarter of Fiscal 2022 increased by 376.68% as compared to the first quarter of Fiscal 2021 but declined by 21.13% from the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2021. 

- As the impact of the second wave lessened, we experienced a strong second quarter of Fiscal 2022, and our consolidated revenues increased by 92.32% as compared to the second quarter of Fiscal 2021 and increased by 63.98% from the first quarter of Fiscal 2022. 

- Our after-sales service and spare parts revenue also declined in the first and second quarters of Fiscal 2021 but returned to previous levels in the third and fourth quarters. Our after-sales service and spare parts revenue also declined during the second wave in April 2021 and May 2021 but again returned to previous levels by July 2021. 

- Order fulfilment by our OEMs have been impacted from time to time due to the COVID-19 pandemic including delays in ordered vehicles and spare parts reaching our outlets and delays in new model launches due to COVID19 related production and supply-chain issues. In addition, our inventory levels for certain models of vehicles and certain spare parts have been impacted, and continue to be impacted, by COVID-19 related production and supply-chain issues resulting in lower inventory and shortages in some cases. However, there were no existing contracts or agreements where non-fulfilment of the obligations by any party had a significant impact on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Further, to date, the COVID-19 has not had any significant impact on the receivables of the Company, in the ordinary course of business. 

- We have incurred, and may continue to incur, additional costs in order to provide for the safety of our employees and the continuity of our operations, including increased frequency of deep cleaning and sanitation, additional safety training and processes, enhanced hygiene practices and materials, flexible and remote working where possible, and allowing for greater social distancing for our employees who must work on-site. 

- Our workforce and third-party service providers, including key personnel, have been unable to work effectively from time to time (especially during the lockdowns and second wave), and may in the future be unable to work effectively, because of illness, government actions, or other restrictions in connection with the pandemic. 

- Our existing liquidity and solvency was adequate to meet all of our financial and commercial obligations during the pendency of the COVID-19 pandemic during Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021. In relation to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Reserve Bank of India allowed banks and lending institutions to offer moratoriums to their customers to defer payments under loan agreements until August 31, 2020. Pursuant to such measures, we availed a moratorium from lenders representing ₹26.79 million. However, we did not default on any obligation, interest or principal payment during the pendency of the COVID-19 pandemic during Fiscal 2021 or Fiscal 2022. 

The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic, and the related global economic impact, affect our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the spread, scope and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and any recovery period, the effectiveness of further steps taken by the GoI and the RBI to mitigate the economic impact in response to the pandemic, the effects on our customers, counterparties, employees and third-party service providers, and the time it takes for economic activities to return to pre-pandemic levels. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there is significant uncertainty relating to the severity of long-term adverse impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic 

37 

on the domestic and global economy, domestic and global financial markets and the Indian automotive industry, and we are unable to accurately predict the long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our dealership businesses. To the extent that the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. 

**_13. Our return on equity ratio and return on capital employed have fluctuated in the three months ended June 30, 2022 and in Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 primarily due to fluctuation in profit/loss for the respective years and periods._** 

In the three months ended June 30, 2022 and in Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, our ROE was 6.72%, 26.66%, 6.11% and (17.03%), respectively, and our ROCE was 3.67%, 18.86%, 8.59% and 1.07%, respectively. The fluctuations in our ROE and ROCE have been primarily due to our profit/loss in the respective period/years. We reported a restated profit for the period/year of ₹181.42 million, ₹661.82 million and ₹111.48 million in the three months ended June 30, 2022 and in Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, and a consolidated loss after tax of ₹289.39 million in Fiscal 2020. Considering various factors outside of our control, including without limitation developments in the COVID-19 pandemic and changes in general economic conditions and consumer sentiments, we may incur losses and variations in our profitability in the future, and accordingly we may continue to experience fluctuations in our ROE and ROCE. 

**_14. Any closure of our outlets and service centers, which may result in a reduction of revenue and negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We have in the past permanently terminated a dealership owing to market conditions. For instance, we closed our dealership for an OEM in Pune in Fiscal 2021, which we operated for over three years, on account of commercial considerations. In addition, we closed five outlets in the three months ended June 2022 due to the closure of one OEM’s dealerships at certain Punjab locations; and we closed 4 outlets in Fiscal 2021 due to closure of 3 outlets of a terminated dealership (mentioned above) and one outlet of another OEM at the Madhya Pradesh location. All of these closed locations were closed as they were not economically viable. All of these closed locations were closed as they were not economically viable. Further, our facilities were required temporarily closed down on account of the COVID-19. For details see “- _The COVID-19 pandemic had a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is uncertain and still evolving, and could continue to adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition_ ” and _“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Principal Factors Affecting our Results of Operations – COVID 19 Pandemic”_ on page 36 and 328, respectively. 

The following table sets forth our total outlets (sales and service and spares) and the number of outlets closed in the periods indicated. 

|**Particulars**|**Three months ended**<br>**June 30, 2022**|**Fiscal 2022**|**Fiscal 2021**|**Fiscal 2020**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Total outlets|112|113|98|91|
|Outlets closed|5|0|4|0|



Permanent or temporary closure of a large number of our sales outlets or after-sales service and spares outlets for prolonged periods of time or termination of dealerships in the future may result in a reduction of revenue and negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_15. If inflation rises in India, increased costs may result in a decline in profits._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increasing inflation in India could cause a rise in the costs of rent, wages, raw materials and other expenses. In February 2022, hostilities between Russia and the Ukraine commenced. The market price of oil has risen sharply since the commencement of these hostilities which may have an inflationary effect in India. High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our clients, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. If we are unable to increase our revenues sufficiently to offset our increased costs due to inflation, it could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, the GoI has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

38 

# **_16. Margins earned from our services and repair vertical may be impacted by pricing guidelines set by our OEMs._** 

Our services and repair offerings at each of our dealerships comprise of warranty work, customer paid work, running repair and collision repair services. We provide after-sales services and repairs through our 53 after-sales service and spares outlets, as of June 30, 2022. Pursuant to the terms of our dealership agreements, our OEMs are entitled to determine the maximum prices we may charge for certain types of repairs and services undertaken at our authorized service centers. The OEMs are entitled to change the prices, or the discounts offered thereon, without prior notice and without incurring any liability towards us. Although we have not experienced any such price changes in Fiscal 2022 or the three months ended June 30, 2022, margins earned from our services and repairs vertical in the future may be impacted by the ability of our vehicle manufacturers to periodically revise rates to be charged by our dealerships for the services and repair work done by us, to keep the total cost low for the customers. For instance, one of our OEMs fixes the maximum per hour labour charges for services and repair work undertaken by us which varies from city to city, while such caps are not applicable to collision repair services undertaken by us, we cannot assure you that such caps will not be introduced in future for collision repair services or that such caps will not be further revised to our detriment. Further, we are restricted from undertaking and selling services which are not approved by our OEMs. Given the volume of vehicles serviced by us, any capping of services fees or restrictions on scope of service offerings may significantly affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_17. Our inability to successfully implement some or all of our business strategies in a timely manner or at all could have an adverse effect on our business._** 

As part of our strategy aimed towards business growth and improvement of market position, we intend to implement several business strategies, which include: 

- Continue expansion focusing on high growth segments and brands; 

- Expand our after-sales service and spare parts business; 

- Build our pre-owned passenger vehicle business leveraging our experience, technology and network; 

- Continue to invest in technology and digitalizing sales and service channels; and 

- Continue strategic acquisitions to expand geographic reach in premium and luxury brands. 

Our strategies may not succeed due to various factors, including our failure to expand our existing dealerships as per the changing market preferences and trends, our failure to execute agreements with our OEMs necessary to expand our existing businesses or enter new dealerships, our inability to identify acquisition targets to expand the reach of our businesses, our failure to effectively market our inventory of vehicles and spare parts for sale or our after-sales services or foresee challenges with respect to our business initiatives, our failure to enter into new businesses successfully, our failure to sufficiently upgrade our infrastructure, equipment and technology as required to cater to the requirement of changing demand and market preferences, our failure to maintain highest quality and efficiency in our operations and processes or to ensure scaling up of our operations to correspond with our strategy and customer demand, changes in policy or regulation, our inability to respond to regular competition, and other operational and management difficulties. Any failure on our part to implement our strategies due to many reasons as attributed aforesaid could be detrimental to our long-term business outlook and our growth prospects and may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. For further details of our strategies, see “ _Our Business – Our Strategies_ ” on page 192. 

**_18. Increasing competition among automotive dealerships through online and offline marketing and competition from the unauthorized service centers may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Automobile retailing is a highly competitive business. Our competitors include private and public companies, some of whom may be larger with access to greater financial and marketing resources than us. Our competitors sell the same or similar makes of new and pre-owned vehicles that we offer in our markets at competitive prices. 

Most of our dealership agreements do not grant us the exclusive right to sell vehicles manufactured by the OEMs within a given geographic area. Accordingly, our revenues or profitability could be materially adversely affected if any of the OEMs award dealerships to others in the same markets where we operate or if existing dealerships increase their market share in our markets. In addition, our OEMs could in certain cases set up their own dealerships in the markets in which we operate. Further, our revenues may also be impacted on account of expansion of dealerships of competing brands of vehicles in the markets in which we operate. 

39 

Moreover, we face competition from the unorganized sector, comprising unauthorized service centers, which may be able to provide servicing and maintenance services at lower prices. Consumers’ opting for such unauthorized service centers in place of our authorized service centers could have an adverse impact on business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, the internet has become a significant part of the sales process in our industry. Customers are using the internet to compare pricing for vehicles and related finance and insurance services, which may further reduce margins for new and pre-owned vehicles and profits for related finance and insurance services. Our competitors may align themselves with services offered on the internet or invest in the development of their own internet capabilities. Apart from the existing competitors, we also face competition from online portal dealers and other new age disruptive models. Further, our OEMs may seek to directly retail their vehicles through online platforms, thus decreasing their reliance on us, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We cannot assure that we will be able to match the online presence that is being offered by our competitors or maintain creativity in our existing online presence. 

In addition, we may also face increasingly significant competition as we strive to gain market share through acquisitions or otherwise. Our operating margins may decline over time as we expand into markets where we do not have a leading position. 

# **_19. Changes to the automotive industry and consumer views on car ownership could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The automotive industry is expected to experience rapid changes in the future, including increases in ridesharing/hailing services, advances in electric vehicle production and driverless technology. Ride hailing and ridesharing services provide consumers with varied mobility options reducing dependence on privately owned vehicles. The overall impact of these options on the automotive industry is uncertain and may influence levels of new vehicle sales. Further, OEMs continue to invest in research and development of all-electric vehicles, which generally require less maintenance than traditional passenger and commercial vehicles. While WCPL is taking steps to enter the electric vehicle segment by signing a letter of intent to establish dealerships for the electric car OEM, BYD, the effects of electric vehicles on the automotive industry are uncertain and may include reduced parts and service revenues. Technological advances are also facilitating the development of driverless vehicles. The eventual timing of availability of driverless vehicles is uncertain due to regulatory requirements, technological hurdles, and uncertain consumer acceptance of these technologies. The effect of driverless vehicles on the automotive industry is uncertain and could include changes in the level of new and pre-owned vehicle sales and the price of new vehicles, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further changes in emissions standards required by consumers or regulations could impact sales. 

# **_20. Our business operations are dependent upon the success and continued financial stability of the OEMs with which we have dealership agreements._** 

The success of our dealerships is dependent on the success and continued financial stability of our OEMs, namely Mercedes-Benz, Honda, Volkswagen, Jeep, Renault and Ashok Leyland. We rely exclusively on our OEMs for our new passenger, commercial vehicle and spare parts inventory. Our ability to sell new passenger and commercial vehicles of a particular OEM is dependent on such OEM’s ability to produce and allocate an attractive and desirable product mix to our showrooms, in line with our requirements and at the appropriate time, in order to satisfy customer demand. The delays in introduction of new models by the OEMs that we work with, or attractive offerings by competing OEMs also could impact our sales volumes. 

The OEMs also provide extended warranty and maintenance contracts to customers. Our authorized service centers perform warranty work for vehicles under OEM product warranties and maintenance contracts and directly bill the OEM as opposed to invoicing the customer. At any particular time, we have significant receivables from our OEMs for warranty work performed for customers under manufacturer product warranties and maintenance contracts. In addition, we rely on our OEMs to varying extents for OEM authorized replacement parts, training, product brochures and point of sale materials, and other items for outlets. 

The OEMs may be adversely impacted by economic downturns, governmental laws and regulations, import restrictions, significant declines in the sales of their new vehicles, natural disasters, pandemics such as COVID-19, increases in interest rates, decline in their credit ratings, labour strikes, supply shortages or rising raw material costs, rising employee benefit costs, vehicle recall campaigns, product defects, unappealing vehicle designs, adverse publicity that may reduce consumer demand for their vehicles, competition from other OEMs, failure to appropriately 

40 

adapt to changing customer preferences, poor product mix or other adverse events. These and other risks could materially adversely affect the OEMs and impact their ability to profitably design, market, produce or distribute new vehicles, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business operations. 

We are subject to a concentration risk in the event of any adverse events or financial distress, including bankruptcy, impacting one or more of these OEMs. Our OEMs are entitled to unilaterally terminate and could attempt to terminate all or certain of their dealership arrangements with us in the event they become insolvent or bankrupt and we may be unable to collect some or all of the receivables due from such OEM(s). Further, consumer demand for such OEM’s vehicles could be materially adversely affected. Our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected as a result of any event that has a material adverse effect on our OEMs. 

**_21. AMPL has currently closed one of its service centres pursuant to a direction received from the Commission of Air Quality Management in National Capital Region and Adjoining Areas. We cannot assure you that AMPL will be able to re-open such service centre in a timely manner or at all and/or that no further action will be taken against AMPL._** 

AMPL has currently closed one of its service centres located in New Delhi (the “ **Service Centre** ”) pursuant to a direction for closure dated December 14, 2021 (the “ **Direction for Closure** ”) received by AMPL from the Commission of Air Quality Management in National Capital Region and Adjoining Areas **(the “Air Quality Commission”)** . The Direction for Closure mentions that the Service Centre was found to be operating without the consent to operate from the Delhi Pollution Control Committee, in violation of the directions of the Air Quality Commission. In terms of the Direction for Closure, AMPL has been required to _inter alia_ close down all industrial operations/activities of the Service Centre and not resume operations without the prior permission of the Air Quality Commission until further orders from the Air Quality Commission. Further, the relevant officer(s) may also initiate action for prosecution against AMPL. We cannot assure you that we will be able to re-open the Service Centre in a timely manner or at all or that no punitive actions will be taken against AMPL or its officers in this regard. Failure to re-open the Service Centre in a timely manner will adversely impact our ability to service our customers and comply with requirements of our contractual arrangements in relation to the Service Centre which in turn may adversely affect our business, cash flows, results of operations and reputation. 

**_22. Our success depends, in large part, upon our management team and skilled personnel and on our ability to attract and retain such persons._** 

We are highly dependent on the continued services of our management team, including Sanjay Karsandas Thakker, the Chairman and Executive Director of our Company for their strategy and vision. We are also dependent on our experienced Key Managerial Personnel for their expertise. Our attrition rate for the three months ended June 30, 2022 and in Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 was 6.66%, 21.36%, 27.17% and 22.45%, respectively. Our future performance is dependent on the continued service of these persons. If one or more of these Key Managerial Personnel are unwilling or unable to continue in their present positions, we may not be able to replace them with persons of comparable skills and expertise. We also face a continuing challenge to hire and assimilate skilled personnel. Competition for management and other skilled personnel is intense, and we may not be able to attract and retain the personnel we need in the future. 

The loss of key personnel or our inability to replace key personnel may restrict our ability to grow, to execute our strategy, to raise the profile of our brand, to raise funding, to make strategic decisions and to manage the overall running of our operations, which would have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial position. For further information on our management team, please see “ _Our Management_ ” beginning on page 236. 

**_23. We are required to obtain certain licenses, regulatory permits and approvals for setting up our dealerships and undertaking our operations. Any delay or inability to obtain such approvals or withdrawal of such approvals may have an adverse impact on our business._** 

We are required to obtain certain statutory and regulatory permits, licenses and approvals to operate our business, including approvals from the pollution control board. For details of the material licenses, registrations and approvals for our Company and Material Subsidiaries, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 388. Our approvals may expire from time to time in the ordinary course and we may be required to make applications for such renewals. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company and Material Subsidiaries have applied for or are in the process of applying for renewal of certain expired material approvals as disclosed in “ _Government and Other Approvals - Key approvals in relation to the business operations of our Company and Material Subsidiaries_ ” on page 388. If we fail to obtain the necessary approvals and permits or if there is any delay in obtaining such approvals 

41 

and permits or if such approvals or permits are withdrawn for any reason, it may disrupt our operations, result in the application of penalties and may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. For further information see “- _AMPL has currently closed one of its service centres pursuant to a direction received from the Commission of Air Quality Management in National Capital Region and Adjoining Areas. We cannot assure you that AMPL will be able to re-open such service centre in a timely manner or at all and/or that no further action will be taken against”_ on page 41. 

In the future we will be required to apply for fresh approvals and permits for any new dealerships and service centers. While we believe we will be able to obtain such approvals or permits at such times as may be required, there can be no assurance that the relevant authorities will issue any of such permits or approvals in the time frames anticipated by us or at all. 

We have not applied for a factory license and fire license for two of our service centres, one in Vapi (Volkswagen) and the other in Goregaon, Mumbai (Mercedes Benz) as there are certain irregularities which our Company is in the process of resolving with the relevant local authorities. We cannot assure you that such resolution will be done in a timely manner or at all and whether we will receive the necessary factory and fire license. For details of material approvals expired but not yet applied for, see “ _Government and Other Approvals- Key approvals in relation to the business operations of our Company and Material Subsidiaries - Approvals in relation to our service centre operations - Material Approvals which have expired and are yet to be applied for” on page 389._ 

# **_24. Our success depends upon our ability to attract, develop and retain trained manpower while also controlling our labour costs._** 

Our customers expect a high standard of customer service and product knowledge from our technicians and our sales representatives. Further, modern vehicles are increasingly complex and require sophisticated equipment and specially trained technicians to perform certain services. We also market third-party finance and insurance contracts to our customers. To meet the needs and expectations of our customers, we must attract, train and retain a number of qualified service technicians, store managers and sales representatives, while at the same time controlling labour costs. While we undertake in-house training for our outlet managers and sales representatives, we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain the right personnel. Our dealership agreements also include stipulations with respect to skilled personnel and training of personnel. 

We will need to continue to recruit, train and retain a greater number of sales representatives and trained manpower, including service labour factors, including prevailing wage rates, as well as the impact of legislation or regulations governing labour relations and minimum wages. An inability to provide wages and benefits that are competitive within the markets in which we operate could adversely affect our ability to retain and attract qualified personnel, which in turn may affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. For instance, we have implemented measures to undertake reductions in salaries for some of our employees on account of the COVID-19 pandemic, any such downward revisions in salaries in future could adversely affect our ability to retain our employees. 

# **_25. We may be required to make significant capital improvements to our existing sales outlets, service centers and other premises, the cost of which we may be unable to recoup._** 

In order to maintain the look and feel in terms of branding and to keep up with requirements of our OEMs, we are required to make significant capital improvements to our existing showrooms, sales outlets, service centers and other premises. This includes carrying out regular repairs and maintenance, replacement of furniture and adopting new interiors in line with the OEM requirements. We may also be required to invest in additional power supply infrastructure at our locations. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain such approvals, in a timely manner or at all, and this may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We cannot assure you that investments made in upgrading or refurbishments in our sales outlets, service centers and other premises or further capital expenditure in newer locations or power infrastructure will result in maintaining or increasing our customer base or sales, resulting in increased profits. This may in turn have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_26. We have incurred significant capital expenditure during the last three Fiscal Years. We may require substantial financing for our business operations and planned capital expenditure and the failure to obtain additional financing on terms commercially acceptable to us may adversely affect our ability to grow and our future_** 

42 

# **_profitability._** 

During the three months ended June 30, 2022 and in Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, we incurred capital expenditure on account of additions to property, plant and equipment, other intangible assets, capital work-inprogress and intangible assets under development of ₹112.14 million, ₹1,129.67 million, ₹119.67 million and ₹195.05 million, respectively. A significant amount of our capital expenditure in these periods was used to open new sales outlets and service centers. Our capital expenditure in the three months ended June 30, 2022 and in Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 has been funded by bank borrowings and internal accruals. 

In the future, we may require substantial capital for our business operations and planned capital expenditure to maintain and grow our existing dealerships, open new dealerships, develop and implement new technologies to enhance our business process and develop and operate online and digital platforms. The actual amount and timing of our future capital requirements may differ from estimates as a result of, among other things, unforeseen delays or cost overruns in developing our projects, changes in business plans due to prevailing economic conditions, unanticipated expenses and regulatory changes. To the extent our planned expenditure requirements exceed our available resources, we will be required to seek additional debt or equity financing. Additional debt financing could increase our interest costs and require us to comply with additional restrictive covenants in our financing agreements. Additional equity financing could dilute our earnings per Equity Share and could adversely impact our future Equity Share price. 

Our ability to obtain additional financing on favourable terms, if at all, will depend on a number of factors, including our future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, the amount and terms of our existing indebtedness, general market conditions and market conditions for financing activities and the economic, political and other conditions in the markets where we operate. Our ability to raise debt financing on acceptable terms also depends on our credit ratings. For further information on the risks associated with credit ratings, see “ _Any downgrade of our debt ratings could adversely affect our business_ ”. We cannot assure you that we will be able to raise additional financing on acceptable terms in a timely manner or at all. Our failure to renew arrangements for existing funding or to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms and in a timely manner could adversely impact our planned capital expenditure, our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_27. Our Company and Subsidiaries have unsecured loans which are repayable on demand. Any demand from lenders for repayment of such unsecured loans may adversely affect our cash flows._** 

As of June 30, 2022, our Company’s consolidated unsecured loans amounts to ₹860.19 million, and we may in the future continue to avail unsecured borrowings (such as loans from our directors, banks and inter-corporate loans), which may be recalled at any time, with or without the existence of an event of default, on short or no notice. Such recalls on borrowed amounts may be contingent upon happening of an event beyond our control and there can be no assurance that we will be able to persuade our lender to give us extensions or to refrain from exercising such recalls, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. For further details, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 365. 

**_28. Accidents and natural disasters could result in the slowdown or stoppage of our business and could also cause us to incur liabilities arising from human fatalities and damage to property._** 

Our machines and operations at our service centers are subject to hazards inherent to our after-sales operations. Risks related to work accidents, fire or explosion, including hazards that may cause injury and loss of life, severe loss or damage to property and environment may be present on our premises. For instance, in 2017, due to leakage of oil one of our service centers caught fire. Similarly, in 2020, at one of our service centers caught fire due to short circuit. For further details, see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Information- Note 47. Loss due to fire_ ” on page 318. While no legal proceedings or penalties were imposed on us on account of such hazards or risks in the past, any such incidents in future, may result in imposition of civil or criminal penalties on us irrespective of whether the incidents were caused by our negligence or any fault on our part. In addition, such events could cause a slowdown or stoppage of our operations which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, natural disasters or severe weather conditions, including earthquakes, fires, heavy rains and flooding, could damage our property including our inventory of vehicles, and/or disrupt our business activities and thereby adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Owing to the rains and consequent flooding in various parts of Mumbai, during July 2021 there was damage to our inventory. 

29. **_A failure of our information systems or any security breach or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information could damage our reputation and harm our business, results of operations and financial condition,_** 

43 

**_and any changes in laws or regulations relating to privacy or the protection or transfer of data or any failure by us to comply with such laws or regulations or any other obligations relating to privacy or the protection or transfer of data relating to our customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business._** 

We have implemented various information technology (“ **IT** ”) and/or enterprise resource planning (“ **ERP** ”) solutions to cover key areas of our operations, sales, procurement, customer interfaces, finances and accounting. We also maintain a significant online interface with our customers through our websites and mobile applications. These systems, websites and applications are potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of sources, which could result from (among other causes) cyber-attacks on or failures of such infrastructure or compromises to its physical security, as well as from damaging weather or other acts of nature. A significant or large-scale malfunction or interruption of one or more of our IT systems, ERP systems or online customer interfaces could adversely affect our ability to keep our operations running efficiently and affect our services in the region or functional area in which the malfunction occurs, and wider or sustained disruption to our business cannot be excluded. Our dealership agreements also contain certain specifications with respect to maintenance of IT systems and the failure to comply with the requirements may result in us being in breach of such dealership agreements. Any of these developments, alone or in combination, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, unavailability of, or failure to retain, well trained employees capable of constantly servicing our IT, ERP systems and/or online platforms and mobile applications may lead to inefficiency or disruption of our operations and thereby adversely affecting our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Additionally, we collect, process, and retain sensitive and confidential customer information in the normal course of our business. Despite the security measures we have in place and any additional measures we may implement in the future, our facilities and systems, and those of our third-party service providers, could experience security breaches, computer viruses, lost or misplaced data, programming errors, human errors, acts of vandalism or other events. 

Any system failure, security breach, third-party attacks or event resulting in the misappropriation, loss, or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, whether by us directly or our third-party service providers, could damage our reputation, and brand, deter current and potential consumers from using our services, expose us to the risks of litigation and liability, disrupt our business or otherwise affect our results of operations. 

Several laws and regulations address privacy and the collection, storing, sharing, use, and protection of certain types of data. These laws, rules, and regulations evolve frequently and their scope may continually change, through new legislation, amendments to existing legislation, and changes in enforcement. Such changes in laws or regulations, particularly any new or modified laws or regulations, or changes to the interpretation or enforcement of such laws or regulations, that require enhanced protection of certain types of data or new obligations with regard to data retention and transfer, could greatly increase our costs and require significant changes to our operations. 

There are ongoing regulatory discussions on the proposed Indian regulation to govern non-personal data, the privacy and data protection laws are set to be closely administered in India, and we may become subject to additional potential compliance requirements. For instance, The Personal Data Protection Bill, 2019 (“ **PDP Bill** ”) which was proposed to be enacted, intended to introduce a legal framework governing the processing of personal data, where such data is collected, disclosed, shared or otherwise processed within India, as well as any processing of personal data by the Government of India, Indian companies, Indian citizens or any person or body of persons incorporated or created under Indian law. However, the PDP Bill has been withdrawn by the Government of India as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. The Indian Government has also been mooting a legislation governing non-personal data. In September 2019, the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology formed a committee of experts (“ **NPD Committee** ”) to recommend a regulatory regime to govern non- personal data (“ **NPD** ”). The NPD Committee has released two reports till date, which recommend, among other items, a framework to govern NPD (defined as any data other than personal data), access and sharing of NPD with government and corporations alike and a registration regime and for “data businesses”, being business that collect, process or store data, both personal and non-personal. Should such a framework be notified, our ability to collect, use and transfer information with respect to our counterparties may be further restricted. On November 18, 2022, Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology released a draft of the Digital Personal Data Protection Bill, 2022 for public consultation. Our failure to take reasonable security precautions, safeguard personal information or collect such information in the future may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

As part of our operations, we are required to comply with the IT Act and the rules thereof, which provides for civil and criminal liability including compensation to persons affected, penalties and imprisonment for various cyber related offenses, including unauthorized disclosure of confidential information and failure to protect sensitive 

44 

personal data. India has already implemented certain privacy laws, including the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011 and the recently introduced the Information Technology (Intermediary Guidelines and Digital Media Ethics Code) Rules, 2021, which impose limitations and restrictions on the collection, use, disclosure and transfer of personal information. 

We have migrated our data and applications to a cloud based third-party provider that has implemented data protection norms and cyber security protocols to meet Indian compliance standards and is compliant with applicable national and local data protection laws. Notwithstanding, we could be adversely affected if legislations or regulations are expanded or amended to require changes in our business practices, or if such legislations or regulations are interpreted or implemented in ways that negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We have not yet conducted an information security audit in respect of our compliance with applicable Indian laws or regulations. There have been no past instances during Fiscal 2020, Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2022 or the three months ended June 30, 2022, where the Company was in non-compliance with data protection norms and InfoSec related Indian and foreign laws. Any non-compliance by our Company with applicable regulations or requirements could subject us to investigations, enforcement actions, and sanctions, fines, and damages, civil and criminal penalties or injunctions, claims for damages by our customers or business collaboration partners and termination of contracts.” 

**_30. Our passenger vehicles and commercial vehicles sales are subject to seasonality, which may contribute to fluctuations in our results of operations._** 

Demand for automobiles in India tends to fluctuate between different periods within a fiscal year. Due to the Dusshera - Diwali festive season which falls in October / November as per the Panchanga / Hindu calendar and annual price increases instituted in January of each year, the October-December months tend to be the strongest sales period in any given fiscal year, while the remainder of the year is relatively average on sales performance. Accordingly, our results of operations in one quarter may not accurately reflect the trends for the entire financial year and may not be comparable with our results of operations for other quarters. During these periods, we may continue to incur operating expenses, but our income from operations may be delayed or reduced. This seasonality can also be expected to cause quarterly fluctuations in our revenue, profit margins and earnings. 

**_31. We are subject to risks associated with leasing space such as termination of, non-renewal of or failure to enforce, register or adequately stamp our lease agreements and we may not be able to operate our dealerships successfully._** 

We lease most of the properties occupied by our automotive dealerships. During the three months ended June 30, 2022 and in Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, cash outflow for leases were ₹151.93 million, ₹502.77 million, ₹357.72 million and ₹446.95 million, respectively, and rent expense for short term leases charged to Statement of Profit and Loss were ₹29.24 million, ₹97.24 million, ₹38.53 million and ₹63.69 million, respectively. We expect any dealerships, which we open in the future to be on leased property. Further, some of the lease agreements are currently in the process of renewal and we cannot assure that we will be able to renew the lease deeds on favourable terms. If our lease agreements expire and are not renewed by us within the time stipulated under any such agreement, we will be required to vacate such premises, and may be required to identify alternative premises at less favourable terms which could affect our operations and profitability. Further, our lease agreements for our sales outlets, service centers and other premises may not be duly registered or adequately stamped and may not accepted as evidence in a court of law, we may be required to pay penalties for inadequate stamping and non-registration. In the event of any dispute arising out of such unstamped or inadequately stamped and/or unregistered lease agreements, we may not be able to effectively enforce our leasehold rights arising out of such agreements, which may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, in most of the leases for our sales outlets, service centers and other premises, we cannot terminate the lease agreement, unless we provide the owners with a written notice. As our leases expire, we may fail to negotiate renewals, either on commercially acceptable terms or at all, which could cause us to pay increased occupancy costs or to close sales outlets and service centers in desirable locations or to shift them, which may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_32. There are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company, Subsidiaries, Promoter and Directors, and adverse outcomes in such proceedings may negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company, Subsidiaries, Promoter and Directors are involved in certain legal proceedings which are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and 

45 

appellate authorities. A summary of outstanding litigation in relation to criminal matters, actions by statutory and regulatory authorities, tax proceedings and certain other material litigation involving our Company, Subsidiaries, Promoter and Directors, as disclosed in the chapter “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 372, in accordance with requirements under the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Materiality Policy is set out below: 

|**Name of entity**|**Criminal**<br>**proceedings**|**Tax**<br>**proceedings**|<br>**Statutory or**<br>**regulatory**<br>**proceedings**|<br>**Disciplinary actions by**<br>**the SEBI or Stock**<br>**Exchanges against our**<br>**Promoter**|**Material**<br>**civil**<br>**litigation**|**Aggregate**<sup>*****</sup><br>**amount**<br>**involved**<br>**(₹ in million)**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Company**|||||||
|By the Company|4|-|-|-|-|1.73|
|<br>Against the Company|1|10|-|-|7|255.80|
|<br>**Directors**|||||||
|By our Directors|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|<br>Against the Directors|3|-|-|-|2|54.52|
|<br>**Promoter**|||||||
|By Promoter|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|<br>Against Promoter|3|-|-|-|2|54.52|
|<br>**Subsidiaries**|||||||
|By Subsidiaries|7|-|-|-|-|13.39|
|<br>Against Subsidiaries|6|19|1|-|15|554.64|



_*To the extent quantifiable._ 

For further details of the outstanding litigation proceedings, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 372. 

The amounts claimed in these proceedings have been disclosed to the extent ascertainable and include amounts claimed jointly and severally. Such proceedings could divert management time and attention and consume financial resources in their defense or prosecution. If any new developments arise, such as a change in Indian law or rulings against us by appellate courts or tribunals, we may need to make provisions in our financial statements that could increase our expenses and current liabilities. We cannot assure you that these legal proceedings will be decided in favour of our Company, Subsidiaries, Promoter and/or Directors, or that no further liability will arise out of these proceedings. Decisions in any of the aforesaid proceedings adverse to our interests may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Even if we are successful in defending such cases, we will be subject to legal and other associated costs, which may be substantial. 

**_33. Our inability or failure to maintain optimum inventory levels or any theft of inventory may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We retail multiple models of vehicles through each of our dealerships and also service new passenger and commercial vehicles through our service centers. Additionally, we retail spare parts and accessories of vehicles through our dealerships and our distributorship channels. For undertaking these activities, we are required to have strong inventory management in place. We strive to keep optimum inventory at our sales outlets, service centers and stockyards to control our costs and working capital requirements and comply with stipulations with respect to inventory from our OEMs. We are also required to accurately predict the market demand for each of the vehicle models that we retail as well as for the levels of inventory including oils, paints and lubricants that we utilize at our after-sales service and spares outlets. Our inability or failure to maintain adequate inventory levels may affect our quality of service, relationships with our OEMs and our business reputation. Conversely, an inaccurate forecast may result in an over-supply or shortage of products, which may lead to increase inventory costs, negatively impact cash flow and ultimately lead to reduction in margins. Further, any inability on our part to prevent theft of inventory, or any illegal use/ misuse of the inventory may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_34. Our Promoter, certain of the members of the Promoter Group, our Directors and Key Management Personnel have interests in our business other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or normal remuneration or benefits._** 

Our Promoter and certain of the members of the Promoter Group, Directors and Key Management Personnel are interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses, to the 

46 

extent of their shareholding in our Company and the benefits arising therefrom. For instance, as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, Sanjay Karsandas Thakker, our Promoter, Chairman and Executive Director holds 41.38% of our issued and paid-up Equity Share capital, (jointly with Ami Sanjay Thakker). Further, Aryaman Sanjay Thakker, our Executive Director and a member of the Promoter Group, holds 1.54% of our issued and paid-up Equity Share capital, (jointly with Sanjay Karsandas Thakker). For details of the shareholding of our Promoter, members of the Promoter Group, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel, see “ _Capital Structure- Details of shareholding of our Promoter and members of the Promoter Group in our Company_ ”, “ _Our Management-Shareholding of Directors of our Company_ ” and “ _Our Management-Shareholding of the Key Managerial Personnel_ ” on page 129, 241 and 252. 

Further, certain of our Key Managerial Personnel are also interested to the extent of options granted to them pursuant to the ESOP Scheme. We cannot assure you that our Key Managerial Personnel will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. Our Key Managerial Personnel may take or block actions with respect to our business which may conflict with the best interests of our Company or that of minority shareholders. For further information on the interests of our Promoter, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of our Company, other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or normal remuneration or benefits, see “ _Our Management_ ” and “ _Our Promoter and Promoter Group_ ” beginning on pages 236 and 254, respectively. 

Further, Sanjay Karsandas Thakker and Aryaman Sanjay Thakker are also interested to the extent of a loan extended by them to our Company. For further information on the interests of our Promoter and Directors and of our Company, other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or normal remuneration or benefits, see “ _Our Management_ ” and “ _Our Promoter and Promoter Group_ ” beginning on pages 236 and 254, respectively. 

**_35. Our Promoter has provided personal guarantees for certain borrowings obtained by us, and any failure or default by us to repay such loans could trigger repayment obligations on our Promoter, which may impact our Promoter’s ability to effectively service their obligations as our Promoter and thereby, adversely impact our business and operations._** 

As of June 30, 2022, certain of our secured and unsecured borrowings are backed by personal guarantees provided by our Promoter. For further details in relation to our borrowings, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 368. Any default or failure by us to repay our loans in a timely manner or at all could trigger repayment obligations on the part of our Promoter in respect of such loans. This, in turn, could have an impact on his ability to effectively service his obligations as the Promoter of our Company, thereby having an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, in the event that our Promoter withdraws or terminates the guarantees, our lenders for such facilities may ask for alternate guarantees, repayment of amounts outstanding under such facilities, or even terminate such facilities. We may not be successful in procuring guarantees satisfactory to the lenders, and as a result may need to repay outstanding amounts under such facilities or seek additional sources of capital, which could affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_36. We have entered into lease transactions with certain members of our Promoter Group and we make payment of rent to such members of our Promoter Group. We also pay certain interest on loans to our Promoter, members of the Promoter Group, Directors and relatives of the Promoter. Such transactions may be detrimental to our Company and the Shareholders._** 

We have entered into lease transactions with certain members of our Promoter Group and we make payment of rent to such members of our Promoter Group. A summary of such transactions made by our Company with the members of our Promoter Group is set forth below. 

|||||_(₹ in million) _|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Members of our Promoter Group**|**R**|**ent Paid**|||
||**For the three month period**|**For the ye**|**ar ended Mar**|**ch 31,**|
||**ended June 30, 2022**|**2022**|**2021**|**2020**|
|Aryaman Thakker|0.09|0.18|-|-|
|Sanjay Karsandas Thakker HUF|0.09|0.34|0.34|0.29|
|Ami Thakker|0.51|1.02|-|-|
|Udayan K Thakker|0.23|0.92|0.92|0.77|
|Udayan K Thakker (HUF)|0.12|0.48|0.48|0.40|
|AparajitaThakker|0.09|0.17|-|-|



47 

Our Company also pays interest on loans from our Promoter, members of the Promoter Group, Directors and relatives of the Promoter. A summary of such transactions entered into by our Company with the Promoter and members of our Promoter Group is set forth below. 

|||||_(₹ in million)_|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Promoter and members of**|**Int**|**erest Paid**|||
|**promoter group**|**For the three month period**<br>**ended June 30, 2022**|**For the ye**<br>**2022**|**ar ended Mar**<br>**2021**|**ch 31,**<br>**2020**|
|Sanjay Karsandas Thakker|1.25|5.03|10.20|6.41|
|Aryaman Sanjay Thakker|0.33|0.43|1.12|0.74|
|Sanjay Karsandas Thakker HUF|0.56|1.09|2.28|0.32|
|Aparajita Sanjay Thakker|0.26|0.47|0.89|0.40|
|Urvi Mody|0.14|0.60|0.25|0.25|
|SmitaA Mody|0.09|0.28|0.59|0.08|



While all such transactions with our Promoter, members of the Promoter Group, Directors and relatives of the Promoter are legitimate business transactions conducted on an arms’ length basis, we cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such arrangements not been entered into with related parties. Further, we cannot assure you that these or any future similar transactions that we may enter into, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, the transactions we have entered into and any future similar transactions could potentially involve conflicts of interest which may be detrimental to our Company and the Shareholders. 

For details of the related party transactions as reported in the Restated Consolidated Financial Information, see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Notes to Restated Consolidated Financial Information - Note 43 – Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 304. 

**_37. Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to protect us against all potential losses, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our operations are subject to various risks inherent to the automobile retail industry, as well as other risks such as theft, robbery, acts of terrorism and other force majeure events. We maintain insurance coverage for anticipated risks which are standard for our type of business and operations. As of June 30, 2022, March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020, the total amount of our insurance coverage was ₹16,067.20 million, ₹15,191.91 million, ₹10,416.50 million and ₹11,659.89 million, respectively. The book value of all assets (including property, plant and equipment, capital work-in-progress, inventories and cash on hand) were ₹6,004.18 million, ₹5,452.34 million, ₹4,794.88 million and ₹4,378.03 million as of June 30, 2022, March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020, respectively. Consequently, our insurance cover for book value of all assets (including property, plant and equipment, capital work in progress, inventories and cash on hand) was 267.60%, 278.63%, 217.24% and 266.33%, as of June 30, 2022, March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020, respectively. We have not had any instances where our insurance claim amount exceeded our insurance coverage amount. 

Our insurance policies cover our sales outlets, service centers and other properties from losses in the case of fire, special perils, burglary and theft. We have also obtained inventory insurance, money insurance for cash in transit, fidelity insurance, directors’ and officers’ liability insurance, plate glass insurance for accidental breakage of fixed plate glass in our showrooms, service centers and other units and internal risk insurance for cases of bodily injuries, property damage, and damage to our vehicles. Notwithstanding the insurance coverage that we carry, we may not be fully insured against certain business risks. There are many events that could significantly impact our operations, or expose us to third-party liabilities, for which we may not be adequately insured. There can be no assurance that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part, or on time. To the extent that we suffer any loss or damage that is not covered by insurance or exceeds our insurance coverage, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

**_38. We may be subject to significant liability should there be any deficiencies in any of the vehicles sold by us or services provided by us resulting in injury or death._** 

There could be deficiencies in vehicles sold by us or services performed by us at our service centers which could lead to serious injury or death. Claims, including product liability claims may be asserted against us (along with our OEMs) with respect to any of the vehicles we sell or service. For details of certain outstanding litigation proceedings initiated against us with respect to deficiency in services or manufacturing defects, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and_ 

48 

_Other Material Developments-Litigation involving our Company- Outstanding litigation proceedings against our Company - Other material pending proceedings_ ” on page 373. A product liability judgment against us, with material financial impact, could have a material, adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_39. Our intellectual property rights may be subject to infringement or we may breach third party intellectual property rights._** 

Our trade name “ _Landmark_ ” and our logos that include the head of the lion are registered with the Trademarks Registry, Ahmedabad and the registrations are valid until July 31, 2028. For other registered trade names and their details, please see “ _Our Business-Intellectual Property_ ” on page 213. There can be no assurance that any third parties will not infringe on our intellectual property, causing damage to our business prospects, reputation and goodwill. 

In the past, we are aware of two instances of infringement of our “Landmark” trademark for which we issued cease and desist notices to unauthorised persons. Some of our applications for registration of trademarks have been objected to in the past, for example, Jaguar Land Rover Limited (“Jaguar”) opposed the trademark application (“Application”) filed by LAPL for marks containing “Landmark” under class 12 in December 2017. The Application by LAPL is still under the process of registration. In the future, we may need to litigate to protect our intellectual property or to defend against third party infringement. Any such litigation could be time consuming and costly and the outcome cannot be guaranteed. We may not be able to detect any unauthorized use or take appropriate and timely steps to enforce or protect our intellectual property. 

Further, we have also made fresh applications for registering additional trademarks and certain of our applications have been objected. With respect to our pending trademark applications and/or objections or oppositions raised thereon, we cannot assure you that we will be successful in such challenges nor can we guarantee that the registration will be granted. As a result, we may not be able to prevent infringement of our trademarks and a passing off action may not provide sufficient protection until such time that this registration is granted. 

Any inability to use or protect our intellectual property could affect our relationships with our customers, which could materially and adversely affect our brand, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We may also be subject to claims by third parties if we breach their intellectual property rights by using slogans, names, designs, software or other such subjects, which are of a similar nature to the intellectual property these third parties may have registered. Any legal proceedings that result in a finding that we have breached third parties’ intellectual property rights, or any settlements concerning such claims, may require us to provide financial compensation to such third parties or make changes to our marketing strategies or to the brand names of our products, which may have a materially adverse effect on our brand, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_40. We may be subject to labour unrest, slowdowns and increased wage costs, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

As of June 30, 2022, our network includes 112 outlets, comprised of 59 sales showrooms and outlets and 53 aftersales service and spares outlets. Our vehicle dealership network is spread across 32 cities in 8 states and union territories including Maharashtra, Gujarat, Haryana, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Punjab, West Bengal and the National Capital Territory of Delhi. While our employees are not unionized currently, there is no assurance that our employees will not seek unionization in the future. In the event that employees at our sales outlets or service centers seek to unionize, it may become difficult for us to maintain flexible labour policies and may increase our costs and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Any strikes or lockouts, work stoppages, slowdowns, shutdowns, supply interruptions or costs or other factors beyond our control, may disrupt our operations and could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_41. We engage contract labour for carrying out certain business operations._** 

In order to retain operational efficiencies, we engage independent contractors through whom we engage contract labour for performance of certain functions at our sales units, service centres and offices. Although we do not engage these labourers directly, we are responsible for any wage payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractors. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_42. This Red Herring Prospectus contains information from industry sources including the industry report commissioned from CRISIL Research and paid for by the Company._** 

49 

This Red Herring Prospectus includes information derived from third party industry sources and from the CRISIL Report. We commissioned, and paid for, the CRISIL Report exclusively for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with the Offer. Further, the reports use certain methodologies for market sizing and forecasting. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the markets in which we operate, and methodologies and assumptions vary widely among different industry sources. Such assumptions may change based on various factors. We cannot assure you that such assumptions are correct or will not change and, accordingly, our position in the market may differ from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. While industry sources typically take due care and caution while preparing their reports, they do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the data or report and do not take responsibility for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from using their data or report. 

Further, the CRISIL Report or any other industry data or sources are not recommendations to invest in our Company. You should consult your own advisors and undertake an independent assessment of information in this Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the CRISIL Report. Also, see “ _Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information, Industry and Market Data and Currency of Presentation —Industry and Market Data and “Industry Overview_ ” beginning on pages 16 and 154, respectively. 

**_43. Our Promoter and members of the Promoter Group will continue to hold a significant equity stake in our Company after the Offer and their interests may differ from those of the other shareholders._** 

The aggregate pre-Offer shareholding of our Promoter and members of the Promoter Group, as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus is 60.24% of the issued, subscribed and paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. For details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” beginning on page 119. Our Promoter and members of the Promoter Group will therefore have the ability to influence our operations significantly. This will include the ability to appoint Directors to our Board and the right to approve significant actions at Board and at shareholders’ meetings including issue of Equity Shares, payment of dividends, determining business plans and mergers and acquisitions strategies. Further, if, in the future, our Promoter and/or members of the Promoter Group are unwilling to dilute their equity stake in our Company and do not, or are unable to, fund us, our growth may be affected. In addition, the trading price of the Equity Shares could be materially adversely affected if potential new investors are disinclined to invest in us because they perceive disadvantages to a large shareholding being concentrated in the hands of our Promoter and members of the Promoter Group. 

**_44. Subject to Shareholders’ approval by way of a special resolution, our Promoter shall have the right to elect the Chairman of our Company and the Investor Selling Shareholder shall have the right to nominate one Director to our Board._** 

Subject to approval by our Shareholders by way of a special resolution post listing of the Equity Shares, our Promoter shall have the right to elect the Chairman of our Company and the Investor Selling Shareholder shall have the right to nominate one Director to our Board, so long as the Investor Selling Shareholder (together with its affiliates) continues to hold 5% of the issued and paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company who may prioritise the interest of the Investor Selling Shareholder over the other shareholders of our Company, including public shareholders. For further details, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters- Details of subsisting shareholders agreements_ ” on page 226 and “ _Main Provisions of the Articles of Association_ ” beginning on page 441. 

**_45. We have entered into, and will continue to enter into, related party transactions, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the Shareholders._** 

In the ordinary course of our business, we have entered into, and will continue to enter into, transactions with related parties. We have entered into certain transactions with related parties, including with respect to the payment of remuneration of our directors and our Key Managerial Personnel, receipt and payment of loans and interest on the loans obtained from our Promoter and his relatives and payment of rent to our Promoter and his relatives. All related party transactions taken together for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 are not more than 10% of the total transactions of similar nature in each of the respective financial years **.** While we believe that all such related party transactions that we have entered into are legitimate business transactions conducted on an arms’ length basis, we cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such arrangements not been entered into with related parties. Further, we cannot assure you that these or any future related party transactions that we may enter into, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and 

50 

financial condition. Further, the transactions we have entered into and any future transactions with our related parties have involved or could potentially involve conflicts of interest which may be detrimental to our Company and the Shareholders. For further details regarding our related party transactions, see the section “ _Related Party Transactions_ ” as disclosed on page 326. 

**_46. Our Subsidiaries may not pay cash dividends on shares that we hold in them. Consequently, our Company may not receive any return on investments in our Subsidiaries._** 

Our Subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities, having no obligation to pay dividends and may be restricted from doing so by law or contract, including applicable laws, charter provisions and the terms of their financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that our Subsidiaries will generate sufficient profits and cash flows, or otherwise be able to pay dividends to us in the future. For further details on our Subsidiaries, please see “ _Our Subsidiaries_ ” beginning on page 229. 

**_47. We have certain contingent liabilities and commitments, which, if they materialise, may affect our financial condition._** 

We have certain contingent liabilities that have not been provided for in our financial statements, which if they materialise, may adversely affect our business, result of operations and/or financial condition As of June 30, 2022, we had contingent liabilities amounting to ₹2,819.35 million. 

Our Contingent liabilities and commitments as of June 30, 2022, March 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are described below: 

||||_(i_|_n ₹ millions)_|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Contingent liabilities**|**As at June**|**As**|**at March 3**|**1,**|
||**30, 2022**|**2022**|**2021**|**2020**|
|Matters with GST authorities|100.70|48.27|19.75|-|
|Matters with service tax authorities|217.19|217.19|217.24|212.00|
|Matters with income tax authorities|1.30|1.30|3.53|3.53|
|Matters with VAT authorities|15.47|15.47|6.04|2.91|
|Matters with local authorities|21.45|21.45|-|-|
|**Total before corporateguarantee outstanding (A)**|**356.11**|**303.68**|**300.87**|**218.44**|
|Corporateguarantees outstanding|2,463.24|1,719.34|1,524.47|2,629.50|
|**Total**|**2,819.35**|**2,023.02**|**1,825.34**|**2,847.94**|
|**Net worth (B)**|**2,682.67**|**2,469.42**|**1,817.75**|**1,691.25**|
|**Contingent liabilities as apercentage of net worth(A/B)**|**13.27%**|**12.30%**|**16.55%**|**12.92%**|



For details, see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Information- Notes to Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Note 37 – Contingent Liabilities and Commitments_ ” on page 301. 

Most of the liabilities have been incurred in the normal course of business. If these contingent liabilities were to fully materialize or materialize at a level higher than we expect, it may materially and adversely impact our business, results of operations and/or financial condition. For further information, see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Information- Notes to Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Note 37 – Contingent Liabilities and Commitments_ ” on page 301. 

**_48. If we are unable to establish and maintain an effective internal controls and compliance system, our business and reputation could be adversely affected._** 

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal measures commensurate with the size and complexity of operations. Our internal audit functions make an evaluation of the adequacy and effectiveness of internal systems on an ongoing basis so that our operations adhere to our policies, compliance requirements and internal guidelines. We periodically test and update our internal processes and systems and there have been no past material instances of failure to maintain effective internal controls and compliance system. However, we are exposed to operational risks arising from the potential inadequacy or failure of internal processes or systems, and our actions may not be sufficient to ensure effective internal checks and balances in all circumstances. 

We take reasonable steps to maintain appropriate procedures for compliance and disclosure and to maintain effective internal controls over our financial reporting so that we produce reliable financial reports and prevent financial fraud. 

51 

As risks evolve and develop, internal controls must be reviewed on an ongoing basis. Maintaining such internal controls requires human diligence and compliance and is therefore subject to lapses in judgment and failures that result from human error. Any lapses in judgment or failures that result from human error can affect the accuracy of our financial reporting, resulting in a loss of investor confidence and a decline in the price of our equity shares. 

Further, our operations are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations. These laws generally prohibit us and our employees and intermediaries from bribing, being bribed or making other prohibited payments to government officials or other persons to obtain or retain business or gain some other business advantage. We participate in collaborations and relationships with third parties whose actions could potentially subject us to liability under these laws or other local anti-corruption laws. While our code of conduct requires our employees and intermediaries to comply with all applicable laws, and we continue to enhance our policies and procedures in an effort to ensure compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations, these measures may not prevent the breach of such anti-corruption laws, as there are risks of such breaches in emerging markets, such as India. If we are not in compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement and other sanctions and remedial measures, and legal expenses, which could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Likewise, any investigation of any potential violations of anticorruption laws by the relevant authorities could also have an adverse impact on our business and reputation. 

**_49. Any variation in the utilization of the Net Proceeds would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders’ approval._** 

Our proposed objects of the Offer are set forth under “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” beginning on page 133. At this stage, we cannot determine with any certainty if we would require the Net Proceeds to meet any other expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of competitive environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. In accordance with Sections 13(8) and 27 of the Companies Act 2013, we cannot undertake any variation in the utilization of the Net Proceeds without obtaining the shareholders’ approval through a special resolution. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to undertake variation in the disclosed utilization of the Net Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain the shareholders’ approval in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such shareholders’ approval may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, our Promoter or controlling shareholders would be required to provide an exit opportunity to Shareholders who do not agree with our proposal to change the objects of the Issue or vary the terms of such contracts, at a price and manner as prescribed by SEBI. Additionally, the requirement on Promoter or controlling shareholders to provide an exit opportunity to such dissenting shareholders may deter the Promoter or controlling shareholders from agreeing to the variation of the proposed utilization of the Net Proceeds, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. Further, we cannot assure you that the Promoter or the controlling shareholders of our Company will have adequate resources at their disposal at all times to enable them to provide an exit opportunity at the price prescribed by SEBI. In light of these factors, we may not be able to undertake variation of objects of the Offer to use any unutilized proceeds of the Offer, if any, or vary the terms of any contract referred to in the Red Herring Prospectus, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. This may restrict our Company’s ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition by re-deploying the unutilized portion of Net Proceeds, if any, or varying the terms of contract, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_50. Our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of Net Proceeds have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution or any other independent agency and our management will have broad discretion over the use of the Net Proceeds._** 

We intend to utilize the Net Proceeds of the Offer as set forth in “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” beginning on page 133. The funding requirements mentioned as a part of the objects of the Offer are based on internal management estimates in view of past expenditures and have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. This is based on current conditions and is subject to change in light of changes in external circumstances, costs, business initiatives, other financial conditions or business strategies and since we have not presently entered into any definitive agreements for the use of Net Proceeds. 

Various risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in this section, may limit or delay our efforts to use the Net Proceeds to achieve profitable growth in our business. For example, we may also use funds for future businesses and products which may have risks significantly different from what we currently face or may expect. Further, we may not be able to attract personnel with sufficient skills or sufficiently train our personnel to manage our expansion plans. 

52 

Accordingly, use of the Net Proceeds for other purposes identified by our management may not result in actual growth of our business, increased profitability or an increase in the value of our business and your investment. For further details, please see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” beginning on page 133. 

**_51. We track certain operational metrics with internal systems and tools. Certain of our operational metrics are subject to inherent challenges in measurement which may adversely affect our business and reputation._** 

We track certain operational metrics, including transaction volumes and key business and non-GAAP metrics such as EBITDA, EBITDA Margin, Net Profit Ratio, Return on Equity Ratio, Return on Capital Employed and Net Debt /EBITDA Ratio, among others, with internal systems and tools and which may differ from estimates or similar metrics published by third parties due to differences in sources, methodologies, or the assumptions on which we rely. Our internal systems and tools have a number of limitations, and our methodologies for tracking these metrics may change over time, which could result in unexpected changes to our metrics, including the metrics we publicly disclose. If the internal systems and tools we use to track these metrics undercount or over count performance or contain algorithmic or other technical errors, the data we report may not be accurate. While these numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable estimates of our metrics for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring how our platforms are used across large populations. In addition, limitations or errors with respect to how we measure data or with respect to the data that we measure may affect our understanding of certain details of our business, which could affect our long-term strategies. If our operating metrics are not accurate representations of our business, if investors do not perceive our operating metrics to be accurate, or if we discover material inaccuracies with respect to these figures, we expect that our business, results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected. 

**_52. We will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. The Selling Shareholders will receive the entire proceeds from the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer includes a Fresh Issue and an Offer for Sale of Equity Shares by the Selling Shareholders. While our Company will receive the entire proceeds from the Fresh Issue, the entire proceeds from the Offer for Sale will only be paid to the Selling Shareholders and we will not receive any such proceeds. For further details, see “ _The Offer_ ” and “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on pages 64 and 133, respectively. 

# **EXTERNAL RISKS FACTORS** 

# **Risks Relating to India** 

**_53. Our business is substantially affected by prevailing economic, political and others prevailing conditions in India._** 

Substantially all of our business, assets and employees are located in India. As a result, we are highly dependent on prevailing economic conditions in India and its results of operations are significantly affected by factors influencing the Indian economy. Factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy include: 

- global slowdown of the financial market and economies contributing to weakness in the Indian financial and economic environment; 

- any increase in Indian interest rates or inflation; 

- any exchange rate fluctuations; 

- volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; 

- changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies; 

- regulatory changes in the automotive sector in India; 

- political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; 

- occurrence of natural or man-made disasters; 

- global health crises and pandemics like the Covid-19 pandemic; 

- prevailing regional or global economic conditions; 

- delinquent loans and low credit growth, deterioration in asset quality resulting in an adverse effect on the Indian economy; 

- increased volatility of commodity prices; 

- financial difficulties faced by certain financial institutions / intermediaries such as clearing agencies, banks, securities firms and exchanges; 

53 

- increase in India’s trade deficit; 

- downgrading of rating of India, the Indian banking sector by rating agencies; and 

- other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India or its automotive sector. 

An adverse impact on the Indian economy due to any of the above-mentioned factors, could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_54. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application or interpretation of corporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by changes in the laws, rules, regulations or directions applicable to us, or the interpretations of such existing laws, rules and regulations, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations. For details on the laws applicable to us, please see “ _Key Regulations and Policies in India_ ” beginning on page 215. 

The governmental and regulatory bodies may notify new regulations and/or policies, which may require us to obtain approvals and licenses from the government and other regulatory bodies, impose onerous requirements and conditions on our operations, in addition to those which we are undertaking currently. Any such changes and the related uncertainties with respect to the implementation of new regulations may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations, including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and investments in our Company by non-residents, could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. 

The Government of India has notified four labour codes which are yet to completely come into force as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, namely, (i) The Code on Wages, 2019, (ii) The Industrial Relations Code, 2020, (iii) The Code on Social Security, 2020 and (iv) The Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020. Such codes will replace the existing legal framework governing rights of workers and labour relations. 

There can be no assurance that the Government of India will not implement new regulations and policies requiring us to obtain approvals and licenses from the Government of India or other regulatory bodies or impose onerous requirements and conditions on our operations. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time-consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

**_55. Natural calamities, climate change and health epidemics and pandemics such as COVID-19 could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

India has experienced natural calamities, such as earthquakes and floods in the past. Natural calamities could have an adverse impact on the Indian economy which, in turn, could adversely affect our business, and may damage or destroy our facilities, vehicles or other assets. Any of these natural calamities could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

A number of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to contagious diseases and, for example, have had confirmed cases of the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic, has caused a worldwide health crisis and economic downturn. Any future outbreak of health epidemics may restrict the level of business activity in affected areas, which may, in turn, adversely affect our business. See “ _The COVID-19 pandemic had a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and the continuing impact of the COVID19 pandemic is uncertain and still evolving, and could continue to adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition_ .” on page 36. 

54 

Our operations including our sales units, service stations, car yards and vehicles may be damaged or disrupted as a result of natural calamities. Such events may lead to the disruption of information systems and telecommunication services for sustained periods. They also may make it difficult or impossible for employees to reach our business locations. Damage or destruction that interrupts our provision of services could adversely affect our reputation, our relationships with our customers, our senior management team’s ability to administer and supervise our business or it may cause us to incur substantial additional expenditure to repair or replace damaged parts of our dealership networks. Any of the above factors may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

India has from time-to-time experienced instances of social, religious and civil unrest and hostilities between neighbouring countries. Present relations between India and Pakistan continue to be fragile on the issues of terrorism, armaments and Kashmir. Military activity or terrorist attacks in the future could influence the Indian economy by disrupting communications and making travel more difficult and such political tensions could create a greater perception that investments in Indian companies involve higher degrees of risk. Events of this nature in the future, as well as social and civil unrest within other countries in Asia, could influence the Indian economy and could have a material adverse effect on the market for securities of Indian companies. 

**_56. Our business is affected by global economic conditions, especially in the geographies we cater to, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our business depends substantially on global economic conditions. The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market countries in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia, U.S. and elsewhere in the world in recent years has affected the Indian economy. Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy. Financial disruptions may occur again and could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The global credit and equity markets have experienced substantial dislocations, liquidity disruptions and market corrections in recent years. Financial markets and the supply of credit could continue to be negatively impacted by ongoing concerns surrounding the sovereign debts and/or fiscal deficits of several countries in Europe, the possibility of further downgrades of, or defaults on, sovereign debt, concerns about a slowdown in growth in certain economies and uncertainties regarding the stability and overall standing of the European Monetary Union. 

Trade tensions between the U.S. and major trading partners, most notably China, escalated following the introduction of a series of tariff measures in both countries. Although China is the primary target of U.S. trade measures, value chain linkages mean that other emerging markets, primarily in Asia, may also be impacted. China’s policy response to these trade measures also presents a degree of uncertainty. There is some evidence of China’s monetary policy easing and the potential for greater fiscal spending, which could worsen existing imbalances in its economy. This could undermine efforts to address already high debt levels and increase medium-term risks. These and other related factors such as concerns over recession, inflation or deflation, energy costs, geopolitical issues, slowdown in economic growth in China and Renminbi devaluation, commodity prices and the availability and cost of credit have had a significant impact on the global credit and financial markets as a whole, including reduced liquidity, greater volatility, widening of credit spreads and a lack of price transparency in the United States, Europe and the global credit and financial markets. This and any prolonged financial crisis may have an adverse impact on the Indian economy, and in turn on our business, results of operations and financial condition and prospects. 

A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and indirectly in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could influence the Indian economy. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States, Europe and other jurisdictions, including India, have implemented several policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. In addition, any increase in interest rates by the United States Federal Reserve will lead to an increase in the borrowing costs in the United States which may in turn impact global borrowing as well. Furthermore, in several parts of the world, there are signs of increasing retreat from globalization of goods, services and people, as pressure for the introduction of a protectionist regime is building and such developments could adversely affect Indian exports. However, the overall impact of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. In the event that the current adverse conditions in the global credit markets continue or if there is any significant financial disruption, this could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

55 

In February 2022, hostilities between Russia and the Ukraine commenced, which has led stock, commodities and foreign exchange markets worldwide to fluctuate. In addition, the market price of oil has risen sharply since the commencement of hostilities in the Ukraine, which may have an inflationary effect in India and other countries. A prolonged war or a protracted period of hostilities in the Ukraine may lead to global economic disturbances. 

If we are unable to successfully anticipate and respond to changing economic and market conditions, our business, results of operations and financial condition and prospects may be adversely affected. 

# **_57. The Indian tax regime is currently undergoing substantial changes which could adversely affect our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected by any change in the extensive central and state tax regime in India applicable to us and our business. Tax and other levies imposed by the central and state governments in India that affect our tax liability, include central and state taxes and other levies, income tax, turnover tax, goods and service tax, stamp duty and other special taxes and surcharges, which are introduced on a temporary or permanent basis from time to time. This extensive central and state tax regime is subject to change from time to time. The final determination of our tax liability involves the interpretation of local tax laws and related regulations in each jurisdiction, as well as the significant use of estimates and assumptions regarding the scope of future operations and results achieved and the timing and nature of income earned and expenditures incurred. 

For instance, the Government of India has implemented two major reforms in Indian tax laws, namely the GST, and provisions relating to general anti-avoidance rules (“GAAR”). The indirect tax regime in India has undergone a complete overhaul. The indirect taxes on goods and services, such as central excise duty, service tax, central sales tax, state value added tax, surcharge and excise have been replaced by Goods and Service Tax with effect from July 1, 2017. GAAR became effective from April 1, 2017. The tax consequences of the GAAR provisions being applied to an arrangement may result in, among others, a denial of tax benefit to us and our business. In the absence of any precedents on the subject, the application of these provisions is subjective. If the GAAR provisions are made applicable to us, it may have an adverse tax impact on us. Further, if the tax costs associated with certain of our transactions are greater than anticipated because of a particular tax risk materializing on account of new tax regulations and policies, it could affect our profitability from such transactions. 

Further, the Finance Act, 2020, has, amongst others things, notified changes and provided a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime, including, without limitation, a simplified alternate direct tax regime and that dividend distribution tax (“DDT”), will not be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident and are subject to tax deduction at source. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source from such dividend. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. 

# **_58. Any adverse change in India’s sovereign credit rating by international rating agencies could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. India’s sovereign rating had decreased from Baa2 with a “negative” outlook to Baa3 with a “negative” outlook by Moody’s and from BBB with a “stable” outlook to BBB with a “negative” outlook (Fitch) in June 2020; and from BBB “stable” to BBB “negative” by DBRS in May 2020. However, recently in October 2021, Moody’s upgraded India’s sovereign rating outlook from negative to stable. Going forward, the sovereign ratings outlook will remain dependent on whether the government is able to transition the economy into a high-growth environment, as well as exercise adequate fiscal restraint. Any adverse change in India’s credit ratings by international rating agencies may adversely impact the Indian economy and consequently our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

**_59. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as US GAAP and IFRS, which may be material to investors’ assessments of our financial condition._** 

The financial statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus have been prepared in accordance with Ind AS, restated in accordance with the requirements of Section 26 of part I of the Companies Act, 2013, the SEBI ICDR 

56 

Regulations and the Guidance Note on “ _Reports in Company Prospectus (Revised 2019)_ ” issued by the ICAI. Ind AS differs from accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar, such as Indian GAAP, IFRS and U.S. GAAP. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP or IFRS. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the Ind AS financial statements, which are restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations included in this Red Herring Prospectus, will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

**_60. Foreign investors are subject to foreign investment restrictions under Indian laws which limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely impact the market price of our Equity Shares._** 

Under the foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfers of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions) if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then the prior approval of the RBI will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert the Indian Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India will require a no objection/tax clearance certificate from the income tax authority. 

In addition, pursuant to the Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the DPIIT, which has been incorporated as the proviso to Rule 6(a) of the FEMA Rules, investments where the beneficial owner of the Equity Shares is situated in or is a citizen of a country which shares land border with India, can only be made through the Government approval route, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy dated October 15, 2020 and the FEMA Rules. Furthermore, on April 22, 2020, the Ministry of Finance, GoI has also made similar amendment to the FEMA Rules. While the term “beneficial owner” is defined under the Prevention of Money-Laundering (Maintenance of Records) Rules, 2005 and the General Financial Rules, 2017, neither the foreign direct investment policy nor the FEMA Rules provide a definition of the term “beneficial owner”. The interpretation of “beneficial owner” and enforcement of this regulatory change involves certain uncertainties, which may have an adverse effect on our ability to raise foreign capital. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other Indian government agency can be obtained on any particular terms, or at all. For further details, please see on “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 439. 

**_61. It may not be possible for investors to enforce any judgment obtained outside India against us, the Book Running Lead Managers or any of their directors and executive officers in India respectively, except by way of a lawsuit in India._** 

The enforcement of civil liabilities by overseas investors in the Equity Shares, including the ability to effect service of process and to enforce judgments obtained in courts outside of India may be adversely affected by the fact that the Company is incorporated under the laws of the Republic of India and most of its executive officers and directors reside in India. As a result, it may be difficult to enforce the service of process upon the Company and any of these persons outside of India or to enforce outside of India, judgments obtained against the Company and these persons in courts outside of India. 

India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with only a limited number of jurisdictions, which includes, among others, the United Kingdom, Singapore, United Arab Emirates and Hong Kong. In order to be enforceable, a judgment from a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions, which do not have reciprocal recognition with India, cannot be executed in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us or our officers or directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. However, the party in whose favour such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in a nonreciprocating territory within three years of obtaining such final judgment in the same manner as any other suit filed to enforce a civil liability in India. If, and to the extent that, an Indian court were of the opinion that fairness and good faith so required, it would, under current practice, give binding effect to the final judgment that had been rendered in the non-reciprocating territory, unless such a judgment contravenes principles of public policy in India. It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis or to the same extent as was awarded in a 

57 

final judgment rendered by a court in another jurisdiction if the Indian court believed that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered pursuant to the execution of such a judgment. 

**_62. Our business and activities may be regulated by the Competition Act, 2002 and proceedings may be enforced against us._** 

The Competition Act seeks to prevent business practices that have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India. Under the Competition Act, any arrangement, understanding or action in concert between enterprises, whether formal or informal, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India is void and attracts substantial monetary penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or provision of services, shares the market or source of production or provision of services in any manner by way of allocation of geographical area, type of goods or services or number of consumers in the relevant market or in any other similar way or directly or indirectly results in bidrigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition. 

The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. If it is proved that the contravention committed by a company took place with the consent or connivance or is attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other officer of such company, that person shall be also guilty of the contravention and may be punished. On March 4, 2011, the GoI notified and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011.These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to, and pre-approved by, the Competition Commission of India, or CCI. Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued the Competition Commission of India (Procedure in regard to the transaction of business relating to combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. 

The Competition Act aims to, among other things, prohibit all agreements and transactions, including agreements between vertical trading partners i.e., entities at different stages or levels of the production chain in different markets, which may have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. We may also be subject to queries from the CCI pursuant to complaints by consumers or any third persons, which could be made without any or adequate basis given our market presence. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside of India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. However, the effect of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements entered into by us cannot be predicted with certainty at this stage. 

**Risks Relating to the Equity Shares and the Offer** 

**_63. The Offer Price, market capitalization to revenue multiple and price to earnings ratio based on the Offer Price of our Company, may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares on listing or thereafter. Our valuation is not based on our total income or the revenue of our showrooms and/or service centers individually or in the aggregate or on the market value of our showrooms and/or service centers individually or in the aggregate._** 

In the three months ended June 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, our total income was ₹8,019.03 million, ₹29,891.16 million, ₹19,663.43 million and ₹22,289.33 million, respectively, and our market capitalization to total income (Fiscal 2022) multiple is [●] times and our price to earnings ratio (based on Fiscal 2022 restated profit after tax for the year) is [●] at the upper end of the price band. The Offer Price is proposed to be determined on the basis of assessment of market demand for the Equity Shares offered through a book-building process, and certain quantitative and qualitative factors as set out in the section titled “ _Basis for the Offer Price_ ” on page 142 and the Offer Price, multiples and ratios may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares upon listing or thereafter. 

In the three months ended June 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, our average turnover/revenue per showroom operated by us is ₹104.33 million (not annualised)* and ₹381.55 million* per showroom, respectively. For further information regarding the change to an agency model for Mercedes-Benz, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations – Principal Factors - Change to Agency Model for Mercedes-Benz_ ” 

58 

on page 331. In the three months ended June 30, 2022 and Fiscal 2022, our average turnover/revenue per service center operated by us is ₹31.11 million (not annualised) and ₹112.87 million per service center, respectively. Furthermore, our average market value (based on market capitalization at offer price) per showroom and service centers operated by us is ₹ [●] and ₹ [●] per showroom and service center respectively. 

* _Includes commission income under agency model introduced by Mercedes-Benz with effect from October 1, 2021._ 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. Any valuation exercise undertaken for the purposes of the Offer by our Company and the Selling Shareholders, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers, is not based on our total income or the revenue of our showrooms or our outlets, individually or in the aggregate, or on a valuation of our showrooms or outlets, individually or in the aggregate. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, our competitors launching new products or superior products, COVID-19 related or similar situations, announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us, volatility in the securities markets in India and other jurisdictions, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

**_64. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the Offer Price may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined in consultation with the BRLMs through the Book-Building Process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our results of operations, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, problems such as temporary closure, broker default and settlement delays experienced by the Indian Stock Exchanges, announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments; announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. Consequently, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all. 

There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past, and our Equity Share price could fluctuate significantly because of market volatility. A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause investors to lose some or all of their investment. 

# **_65. Currency exchange rate fluctuations may affect the value of the Equity Shares._** 

The exchange rate between the Rupee and other foreign currencies, including the U.S. Dollar, the British pound sterling, the Euro, the Hong Kong Dollar, the Singapore Dollar and the Japanese Yen, has changed substantially in recent years and may fluctuate substantially in the future. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the foreign currencies with which an investor may have purchased and Rupees may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Equity Shares and returns from the Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. Specifically, if there is a change in relative value of the Rupee to a foreign currency, each of the following values will also be affected: 

- the foreign currency equivalent of the Rupee trading price of the Company’s Equity Shares in India; 

- the foreign currency equivalent of the proceeds that you would receive upon the sale in India of any of the Company’s Equity Shares; and 

- the foreign currency equivalent of cash dividends, if any, on the Company’s Equity Shares, which will be paid only in Rupees. 

You may be unable to convert Rupee proceeds into a foreign currency of your choice, or the rate at which any such conversion could occur could fluctuate. In addition, the Company’s market valuation could be significantly harmed 

59 

by a devaluation of the Rupee if investors in jurisdictions outside India analyse its value based on the relevant foreign currency equivalent of the Company’s results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_66. We cannot assure payment of dividends on the Equity Shares in the future._** 

Our Company has a formal dividend policy as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. For details pertaining to dividend declared by us in the past, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 257. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon our future results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements and capital expenditure requirements and other factors considered relevant by our directors and shareholders. Our ability to pay dividends may also be restricted under certain financing arrangements that we may enter into. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends on the Equity Shares at any point in the future. 

**_67. The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and the Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer. Further, the current market price of some securities listed pursuant to certain previous issues managed by the Book Running Lead Managers is below their respective issue prices._** 

There has been no public market for our Equity Shares prior to the Offer. The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and will be determined by our Company and the Promoter Selling Shareholders in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers. Furthermore, the Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholders in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers through the Book Building Process. These will be based on numerous factors, including factors as described under “ _Basis for the Offer Price_ ” beginning on page 142 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. You may not be able to re-sell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer price and may as a result lose all or part of your investment. 

In addition to the above, the current market price of securities listed pursuant to certain previous initial public offerings managed by the Book Running Lead Managers is below their respective issue price. For further details, see “ _Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures_ – _Price information of past issues handled by the BRLMs_ ” commencing on page 404. The factors that could affect the market price of the Equity Shares include, among others, broad market trends, financial performance and results of our Company post-listing, and other factors beyond our control. We cannot assure you that an active market will develop or sustained trading will take place in the Equity Shares or provide any assurance regarding the price at which the Equity Shares will be traded after listing. 

**_68. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of income arising on the sale of and dividend on the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares held as investments in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Any capital gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares on a Stock Exchange held for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to long term capital gains in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as whether the sale is undertaken on or off the Stock Exchanges, the quantum of gains and any available treaty relief. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long-term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of Securities Transaction Tax (“ **STT** ”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. 

Further, any capital gains realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will not be chargeable to tax in India in cases where relief from such taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident and the seller is entitled to avail benefits thereunder, subject to certain conditions. 

Similarly, any business income realized from the transfer of Equity Shares held as trading assets is taxable at the applicable tax rates subject to any treaty relief, if applicable, to a non-resident seller. Additionally, in terms of the Finance Act, 2018, which has been notified on March 29, 2018 with effect from April 1, 2018, the tax payable by an assessee on the capital gains arising from transfer of long-term capital asset (introduced as section 112A of the Income-Tax Act, 1961) shall be calculated on such long-term capital gains at the rate of 10%, where the long-term capital gains exceed ₹100,000, subject to certain exceptions in case of resident individuals and HUFs. 

Further, the Finance Act, 2019 has made various amendments in the taxation laws and has also clarified that, in the 

60 

absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non -delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. These amendments have come into effect from July 1, 2020. 

Additionally, the Finance Act, 2020 does not require DDT to be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company on or after April 1, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source pursuant to any corporate action including dividends. 

Our Company cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_69. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after Bid/Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Therefore, QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders would not be able to withdraw or lower their Bids, notwithstanding adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations or financial condition, or otherwise, between the dates of the submission of their Bids and the Allotment. 

Retail Individual Investors and Eligible Employees Bidding under the Employee Reservation Portion can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed including Allotment pursuant to the Offer within six Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

**_70. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price will be determined by the Book Building Process and may not be indicative of prices that will prevail in the open market following the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 

- the failure of security analysts to cover the Equity Shares after this Offer, or changes in the estimates of our performance by analysts; 

- the activities of competitors and suppliers; 

- future sales of the Equity Shares by our Company or our shareholders; 

- investor perception of us and the industry in which we operate; 

- our quarterly or annual earnings or those of our competitors; 

- developments affecting fiscal, industrial or environmental regulations; 

- the public’s reaction to our press releases and adverse media reports; 

- our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows; 

- the history of and prospects for our business; 

- an assessment of our management, our past and present operations and the prospects for as well as timing of our future revenues and cost structures; 

- the valuation of publicly traded companies that are engaged in business activities similar to ours; 

- quarterly variations in our results of operations; 

- results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

61 

- results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 

- changes in expectations as to our future financial condition, including financial estimates by research analysts and investors; 

- announcements of significant claims or proceedings against us; 

- new laws and government regulations that directly or indirectly affect our business; 

- additions or departures of Key Managerial Personnel; 

- changes in interest rates; 

- fluctuations in stock market prices and volume; and 

- • general economic conditions. 

As a result of these factors, investors may not be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the initial public offering price. In addition, the stock market often experiences price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of a particular company. These broad market fluctuations and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of the Equity Shares, regardless of our Company’s performance. There can be no assurance that the investor will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

**_71. Holders of Equity Shares could be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and could thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer holders of its Equity Shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of Equity Shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the Equity Shares who have voted on such resolution. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction that investors s are in does not permit the exercise of such preemptive rights without us filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. If our Company elects not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. To the extent that the holders are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares, they may suffer future dilution of their ownership position and their proportional interests in our Company would be reduced. 

**_72. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges in a timely manner or at all and if they are listed you may not be able to immediately sell any of the Equity Shares you subscribe to in this Offer on the stock exchanges._** 

In accordance with Indian law, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares can commence. There can be no guarantee that these actions will be completed in a timely manner or at all and as a result our Equity Shares may not be listed on the Stock Exchanges in a timely manner or at all. 

In accordance with the current regulations and circulars issued by SEBI, the Equity Shares are required to be listed on the Stock Exchanges within such time as mandated under UPI Circulars, subject to any change in the prescribed timeline in this regard. However, we cannot assure you that the trading in the Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner, in accordance with timelines prescribed under the UPI Circulars, or at all. Investors can start trading the Equity Shares Allotted to them only after they have been credited to an investors’ demat account, are listed and permitted to trade. Since the Equity Shares will be traded on the Stock Exchanges, investors will be subject to market risk from the date they pay for the Equity Shares to the date when Equity Shares Allotted are listed and permitted to trade. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited with the Equity Shares within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and such Equity Shares are expected to be credited to the demat accounts of the Investors within approximately six working days from the Bid Closing Date (or such other period as prescribed under applicable laws). In addition, upon receipt of listing and trading approval from the Stock Exchanges, trading of Equity Shares is expected to commence within six Working Days from Bid/ Offer Closing Date (or such other period as prescribed under applicable laws). 

There could be failure or delays in listing the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise any delay in commencing trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. 

62 

We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

**_73. Any future issuance of Equity Shares or convertible securities or other equity linked securities by our Company may dilute holders’ shareholding and sales of the Equity Shares by our major shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholding in us. Any disposal of Equity Shares by our major shareholders or the perception that such issuance or sales may occur, including to comply with the minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of the Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that the shareholders will not dispose of the Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of your investment in the Equity Shares. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of the Equity Shares. 

**_74. A third party could be prevented from acquiring control of our Company because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian law._** 

There are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company, even if a change in control would result in the purchase of your Equity Shares at a premium to the market price or would otherwise be beneficial to you. Such provisions may discourage or prevent certain types of transactions involving actual or threatened change in control of our Company. Under the SEBI Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to its stakeholders, it is possible that such a takeover would not be attempted or consummated because of the SEBI Takeover Regulations. 

# 75. **_Our Company does not have any listed industry peers that engage in a similar business_** 

There are no listed industry peers in India that engage in a business similar to that of our Company. Accordingly, any valuation exercise undertaken for the purposes of the Offer by our Company and the Selling Shareholders, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers, would not be based on a benchmark with our listed industry peers. The relevant financial parameters based on which the Price Band would be determined, shall be disclosed in the advertisement that would be issued for publication of the Price Band. 

The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, COVID-19 related or similar situations, announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us, volatility in the securities markets in India and other jurisdictions, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

63 

