# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider all the information in the Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, the industry in which we operate or to India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not currently known to us or that we currently do not deem material may also adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are not currently deemed material, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected, the price of our Equity Shares could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. In order to obtain a complete understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Financial Information” on pages 129, 101, 245 and 183, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and our business and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved._ 

_Potential investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are unable to quantify the financial or other impact of any of the risks described in this section. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 23._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information included herein is based on our Restated Consolidated Financial Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Financial Statements” on page 183. Unless the context otherwise requires, in this section, references to “we”, “us”, or “our” refers to LatentView Analytics Limited on a consolidated basis and references to “the Company” or “our Company” refers to LatentView Analytics Limited on a standalone basis._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from industry publications, in particular, the report titled “Data & Analytics – Market Analysis, Compete Benchmarking & LatentView Profiling” dated August 11, 2021 (the “_ **_Zinnov Report_** _”), prepared and issued by Zinnov, appointed by us on June 13, 2021  and exclusively commissioned and paid for by us in connection with the Offer. Unless otherwise indicated, financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the Zinnov Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year. For more information, see “Risk Factors – Industry information included in this Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from an industry report exclusively commissioned and paid for by us for such purpose at an agreed fee for the purpose of the Offer. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical, financial and other industry information is either complete or accurate.” on page 45. Also see, “Certain Conventions, Presentation of Financial, Industry and Market Data and Currency of Presentation – Industry and Market Data” on page 20._ 

# **Internal Risk Factors** 

**_<mark>1. Historically, we have entered into long-term partnerships with a few of our key clients, which has resulted in a limited number of clients accounting for a substantial portion of our revenue. If our existing clients do not renew their contracts with us, or expand the scope of services we provide to them, or if our long-term relationships with our largest clients are impaired or terminated, our revenue could decline, and our results of operations would be adversely impacted.</mark>_** 

We derive a significant portion of our revenue from existing clients in the form of long-term arrangements, and increasing the <mark>scope and type of service we provide to our existing clients is a major part of our growth strategy. Revenue from operations from our top five clients together was ₹ 520.94 million, ₹ 420.24 million, ₹ 1,651.85 million, ₹ 1,666.36 million and ₹ 1,573.70 million, and represented 59.31%, 57.55%, 54.00%, 53.69% and 54.66%, of our revenue from operations in the three months ended June 30, 2021 and June  30, 2020 and in Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.</mark> 

Set forth below is a table of the revenue contribution of our top five clients: 

24 

||**Three M**<br>**June**|**onths ended**<br>**30, 2021**|**Three mo**<br>**June**|**nths ended**<br>**30, 2020**||**Fiscal 2021**||**Fiscal**|**2020**|**Fiscal**<br>**2019**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Customer**|**Amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**million)**|**% of total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**million)**|**% of total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**million)**|**% of total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**million)**|**% of total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**million)**|**% of total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|
|Customer 1|181.79|20.79%|123.97|16.98%|512.71|16.76%|429.52|13.84%|446.24|15.50%|
|Customer 2|111.71|12.72%|114.66|15.70%|390.24|12.76%|414.05|13.34%|324.16|11.26%|
|Customer 3|91.83|10.46%|80.45|11.02%|368.07|12.03%|371.26|11.96%|280.25|9.73%|
|Customer 4|98.96|11.27%|70.49|9.65%|275.58|9.01%|289.00|9.31%|269.52|9.36%|
|Customer 5|36.65|4.17%|30.67|4.20%|105.24|3.44%|162.53|5.24%|253.54|8.81%|
|**Total**<br>_*References to ‘Cu_|**520.94**<br>_stomer’ are to_|**59.31%**<br>_customers in a_|**420.24**<br>_particular fisc_|**57.55%**<br>_al and does not_|**1,651.85**<br>_refer to the s_|**54.00%**<br>_ame customers a_|**1,666.36**<br>_cross all per_|**53.69%**<br>_iods._|**1,573.70**|**54.66%**|



_<mark>*References to ‘Customer’ are to customers in a particular fiscal and does not refer to the same customers across all periods.</mark>_ 

<mark>Certain of our clients, including certain of our top 10 clients by revenue in the last three Fiscals, have reduced their spend with us or terminated their agreements with us, which has reduced our anticipated future payments or revenue from these clients. For instance, six of our clients who were among the top 10 clients in Fiscal 2019 have reduced their spend with us, and as a result, are not among our top 10 clients in Fiscal 2021. Revenue from operations from these clients decreased by 12.50% from ₹ 2,144.57 million in Fiscal 2019 to ₹ 1,876.39 million in Fiscal 2021 Revenue from operations from such clients was ₹ 527.34 million in the three months ended June 30, 2021. It is not possible for us to predict the future level of demand from our larger clients for our services.</mark> 

Our clients typically have no obligation to renew or expand their agreements with us after the terms of their existing agreements <mark>have expired. For information on the terms of our agreements, see “</mark> _<mark>Our Business – Our Business Operations – Contracting and Delivery Model</mark>_ <mark>” on page 148. If one or more of our clients terminate their contracts with us, whether for convenience, for default in the event of a breach by us, or for other reasons specified in our contracts, as applicable, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. This adverse impact would be even more pronounced for clients that represent a material portion of our revenue or business operations.</mark> 

Our ability to renew or expand our client relationships may decrease or vary as a result of a number of factors, including our <mark>clients’ satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our services, reliability of our digital solutions, our pricing, the effects of general economic conditions, competitive offerings or alternatives, or reductions in our clients’ spending levels. If our clients do not renew or expand their agreements with us or if they renew their contracts for shorter lengths or on other terms less favorable to us, our revenue may grow more slowly than expected or decline, and our business could suffer. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations would also be adversely affected if we face difficulty collecting our accounts receivable from our clients. In addition, our clients’ decisions to expand the scope of services we offer to them depends on a number of factors, including general economic conditions, quality and accuracy of our solutions, our ability to assist our clients in appropriately identifying challenges faced, mapping out a feasible framework, achieving success with data-driven initiatives, and our clients’ satisfaction with our solutions. If our efforts to expand within our existing client base are not successful, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely impacted.</mark> 

# **_2. The ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations is uncertain and it may be significant and continue to have an adverse effect on our business, operations and our future financial performance._** 

<mark>The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic and its continuing impact, as well as government measures to reduce the spread of COVID-19, have had a substantial impact on our operations across India and rest of the world  since last week of March 2020. The impact of the pandemic on our business, operations and future financial performance have included and may in the future include the following:</mark> 

- <mark>Temporary closure of our offices worldwide and virtualizing, postponing, or canceling client, employee, or industry events, which may negatively impact our business.</mark> 

- Disruptions in the operations of our clients and prospective clients, including as a result of travel restrictions and/or <mark>business shutdowns, uncertainty in the financial markets or other harm to their business and financial results, leading to reduction in information technology budgets, delayed purchasing decisions, longer sales cycles, extended payment terms, the timing of payments, and postponed or canceled projects, all of which may negatively impact our business and operating results, including sales and cash flows. As a result of decline in new mandates from clients, revenue from operations decreased by 1.44% from ₹ 3,103.57 million in Fiscal 2020 to ₹ 3,058.79 million in Fiscal 2021. In comparison, revenue from operations increased by 7.79% from ₹ 2,879.34 million in Fiscal 2019 to ₹ 3,103.57 million in Fiscal 2020. Revenue from operations increased by 20.27% from ₹ 730.28 million in the three months ended June 30, 2020 to ₹ 878.28 million in the three months ended June 30, 2021.</mark> 

25 

- Carrying out field sales and professional services activities remotely, as compared to conducting them in person. <mark>Currently, as a result of the work and travel restrictions related to the COVID-19 pandemic, and the precautionary measures that we have adopted, substantially all of our field sales and professional services activities are being conducted remotely, which has resulted in a decrease in our travelling and conveyance expenses that decreased by 60.82% from ₹ 113.57 million in Fiscal 2020 to ₹ 44.50 million in Fiscal 2021. However, travel and conveyance expenses increased by 130.81% from ₹ 8.96 million in the three months ended June 30, 2020 to ₹ 20.68 million in the three months ended June 30, 2021. We expect our travel expenditures to further increase in the future, which could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. We do not yet know the extent of the negative impact of such restrictions and precautionary measures on our ability to attract new clients or retain and expand our relationships with existing clients.</mark> 

- Remote working arrangements for our employees, which may have a negative impact on our operations; the execution <mark>of our business plans; our ability to recruit, train, manage, and retain employees; the productivity and availability of key personnel and other employees necessary to conduct our business; and on third-party service providers who perform critical services for us, or otherwise cause operational failures due to changes in our normal business practices necessitated by the outbreak and related governmental actions. If a natural disaster, power outage, connectivity issue, or other event occurred that impacted our employees’ ability to work remotely, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible, for us to continue our business for a substantial period of time. The increase in remote working may also result in increased consumer privacy, data security, and fraud risks, and our understanding of applicable legal and regulatory requirements, as well as the latest guidance from regulatory authorities in connection with the COVID19 pandemic, may be subject to legal or regulatory challenge, particularly as regulatory guidance evolves in response to future developments.</mark> 

<mark>More generally, the COVID-19 pandemic has and is expected to continue to adversely affect economies and financial markets globally, leading to a continued economic downturn, which may decrease technology spending generally and could adversely affect demand for our services. It is not possible at this time to estimate the full impact that COVID-19 will have on our business, as the impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted such as new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus, spread of new strains of the coronavirus, the scope and duration of the pandemic, any recovery period, future actions taken by governmental authorities in response to the pandemic, the effects on our clients, counterparties, employees and third-party service providers, the actions taken globally to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. As a result of these uncertainties, the impact may vary significantly from that estimated by our management from time to time, and any action to contain or mitigate such impact, whether government-mandated or opted by us may not have the anticipated effect or may fail to achieve its intended purpose altogether. In addition, while vaccination processes have been initiated globally, achieving a complete vaccination scale may take significant amount of time and accordingly, normalcy of businesses may also take a significant amount of time. Although we continue to monitor the situation and may adjust our current policies as more information and public health guidance become available, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and/or the precautionary measures that we have adopted may create operational and other challenges, any of which could harm our business and results of operations.</mark> 

<mark>Further, throughout March and April 2021, due to an increase in the number of daily COVID-19 cases, several state governments in India re-imposed lockdowns, curfews and other restrictions to curb the spread of the virus. As a result of the detection of new strains and subsequent waves of COVID-19 infections in several states in India as well as throughout various parts of the world, we may be subject to further reinstatements of lockdown protocols or other restrictions, which may adversely affect our business operations. At the time, we were evaluating returning to work from office, however, on account of the increasing spread and severity, we put this on hold. Our employees continued to work from home or remote locations and this did not result in any disruption to our delivery of services. We continue to evaluate the situation on an ongoing basis.</mark> 

Moreover, to the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business, financial condition, and results of operations, <mark>it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this</mark> _<mark>“Risk Factors”</mark>_ <mark>section, including but not limited to, those related to our ability to increase sales to existing and new clients, continue to perform on existing contracts, expand our marketing capabilities and sales organization, generate sufficient cash flow to service our indebtedness, and comply with the covenants in the agreements that govern our indebtedness.</mark> 

**_3. We derive more than 90% of our revenues from clients located in the United States and any adverse developments in this market could adversely affect our business._** 

We have historically derived more than 90% of our revenues from operations from clients located in the United States of America. Revenue from operations from the United States of America amounted to ₹832.55 million, ₹ 669.59 million, ₹ 2,841.12 million, ₹ 2,865.63 million and ₹ 2,617.51 million, in the three months ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 and in Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and represented 94.79%, 91.69%, 92.88%, 92.33% and 90.91% of our revenue from operations, in such periods, respectively. Our revenues from the United States may decline as a result of increased competition, regulatory action, pricing pressures, fluctuations in the demand for or supply of our services, or the outbreak of an infectious disease such as COVID-19. Our failure to effectively react to these situations or to successfully introduce new services could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. Further, international operations are 

26 

subject to risks that are specific to each country and region in which we operate, as well as risks associated with international operations, in general. These risks include complying with changes in foreign laws, regulations and policies, including restrictions on trade, import and export license requirements, and tariffs and taxes, intellectual property enforcement issues and changes in foreign trade and investment policies. 

**_4. We propose to utilize the Net Proceeds to undertake acquisitions for which targets have not been identified. Net Proceeds to be utilized towards inorganic growth initiatives may be insufficient for the cost of our proposed inorganic acquisition and the deployment of Net Proceeds towards our inorganic growth initiatives may not take place within the period currently intended, and may be reduced or delayed._** 

<mark>Our Company intend to utilize ₹ 1,479.00 million from our Net Proceeds to fund inorganic growth opportunities over a period of three calendar years from the date of listing of Equity Shares. We intend to utilise such portion of the Net Proceeds for strategic acquisition opportunities that will enable us to gain access to new geographies, industries, client base and access to new technologies and IP. For further details, see “</mark> _<mark>Objects of the Offer</mark>_ <mark>” on page 81. The actual deployment of funds will depend on a number of factors, including the timing, nature, size and number of acquisitions to be undertaken, as well as general factors affecting our results of operation, financial condition and access to capital. These factors will also determine the form of investment for these potential acquisitions,</mark> _<mark>i.e.,</mark>_ <mark>whether they will be directly done by our Company or through our Subsidiaries or whether these will be in the nature of asset or technology acquisitions or joint ventures.</mark> 

<mark>We have not entered into any definitive agreements towards any future acquisitions or strategic initiatives nor have identified any target company for strategic acquisitions or for undertaking other inorganic initiatives. It is also possible that we may not be able to identify suitable targets, or that if we do identify suitable targets, we may not be able to complete those transactions on terms commercially acceptable to us or at all. The inability to identify suitable targets or investments and the inability to complete such transactions may adversely affect our competitiveness and growth prospects. In the event we are unable to identify or conclude transactions for potential inorganic growth to the extent of ₹ 1,479.00 million or a part thereof over a period of three calendar years from the date of listing, we may utilize the balance amount for any other purposes only in accordance with Sections 13(8) and 27 of the Companies Act, 2013. This will entail an authorization by the shareholders in a general meeting by way of a special resolution to vary the object and an exit opportunity to the shareholders who do not agree to such proposal to vary the objects, in accordance with applicable laws. For details, see “</mark> _<mark>Any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders’ approval</mark>_ <mark>” on page 45.</mark> 

<mark>This amount of Net Proceeds proposed to be utilised for the aforesaid Objects is based on our management’s estimates and may not be the total value or cost of any such acquisitions, or investments, and may result in a shortfall in raising requisite capital from the Net Proceeds towards such acquisitions or investments. Acquisitions and inorganic growth initiatives may be undertaken as cash transactions, or be undertaken as share-based transactions, including share swaps, or a combination thereof. However, in the event the portion of the Net Proceeds to be utilised for the inorganic growth initiatives are insufficient, or if required as an aspect of the acquisition model, our Company may conduct the acquisition as a cash transaction including using internal accrual. Utilisation of internal accruals towards inorganic growth initiatives may have a material adverse impact on our cash flows and financial condition.</mark> 

We have not made any acquisitions in the past nor have undertaken any strategic initiatives for our inorganic growth. Our ability to achieve benefits from future strategic and inorganic growth opportunities, if any, will largely depend upon whether we are able to integrate the acquired businesses into the rest of our Company in an efficient and effective manner. The integration and the achievement of synergies requires, among other things, coordination of business development and employee retention, hiring and training policies, as well as the alignment of products, sales and marketing operations, compliance and control procedures, and information and software systems. Any difficulties encountered in combining operations could result in higher integration costs and lower savings than expected. The failure to successfully integrate an acquired business or the inability to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions could significantly increase our expenses, which, without a commensurate increase in total revenue, would lead to a decrease in net revenue. 

In addition, acquired businesses may have unknown or contingent liabilities, including liabilities for failure to comply with relevant laws and regulations, and we may become liable for the past activities of such businesses. Further, we may be subject to various obligations or restrictions under the relevant transaction agreements to be entered into for inorganic growth opportunities which may, as the case may be, prevent us from disposing or acquiring shares in the subject entities, or force us to sell or acquire shares in the subject entities where we may not otherwise have decided to. 

**_5. Our inability to derive benefits from investment in few of our Subsidiaries to augment their capital base for future growth_** 

<mark>Our Company intends to utilize ₹ 1,300.00 million for investment in few of our Subsidiaries to augment their capital base for future growth. We intend to capitalize such subsidiaries to,</mark> _<mark>inter-alia</mark>_ <mark>, fund client acquisition, building out our delivery infrastructure and enhancing our technology infrastructure. We are organically trying to capture the growth opportunities in locations in which we operate, and also look to augment our capabilities in various sectors (vertical growth) such as technology, CPG and retail, industrial and BFSI and in service areas (horizontal) such as consulting services, data engineering, business</mark> 

27 

<mark>analytics and digital solutions with organic growth opportunities. For details, see “</mark> _<mark>Object of the Offer</mark>_ <mark>” on page 81.</mark> 

<mark>We have currently not identified the Subsidiary in which we might invest or the exact amount to be invested in each of such Subsidiary. The amount to be utilised through each Subsidiary will be based on a multitude of factors such as market demand, availability in relevant local teams, Company’s preference in case of competing opportunities, the profitability and industry direction. We intend to augment capabilities of our Subsidiaries and their market positioning in expanding their reach in various geographies. We will be required to build delivery infrastructure, technology infrastructure, invest in client servicing and consulting teams, marketing campaigns to expand geographical reach, clientele, and capabilities in various sectors. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully achieve organic growth, scale-up capabilities of our subsidiaries to expand client base and geographical reach, successfully implement the delivery and technology infrastructure, and derive benefits of investments made in such Subsidiaries. Our inability to successfully derive aforesaid benefits may have an adverse impact on our financial position, prospects, business, operations and growth.</mark> 

<mark>We intend to capitalize such Subsidiaries to,</mark> _<mark>inter-alia</mark>_ <mark>, fund client acquisition, building out our delivery infrastructure and enhancing our technology infrastructure. We are organically trying to capture the growth opportunities in locations in which we operate, and also look to augment our capabilities in various sectors (vertical growth) such as technology, CPG and retail, industrial and BFSI and in service areas (horizontal) such as consulting services, data engineering, business analytics and digital solutions with organic growth opportunities. For details, see “</mark> _<mark>Object of the Offer</mark>_ <mark>” on page 81.</mark> 

Further, amount to be utilised for investments in our Subsidiaries is based on our management’s estimates and has not been apprised by any bank or financial institution. In the event the portion of the Net Proceeds to be utilised for making investments in subsidiaries, for organically capturing the growth opportunities are insufficient, we may have to seek alternative sources of funding and explore a range of options to raise requisite capital, including utilizing our internal accruals and/or seeking debt, including from third party lenders or institutions. Our inability to procure the additional requisite funds for making investment in our subsidiaries may have an adverse impact our financial position, business, operations, and growth. 

**_<mark>6. Exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect our results of operations as some portion of our revenues and a significant portion of our expenditures are denominated in foreign currencies.</mark>_** 

We are exposed to foreign exchange related risks as a portion of our revenue from operations are in foreign currency, including <mark>the US Dollar. In the three months ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 and in Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, revenue from operations outside India was ₹ 855.04 million, ₹ 696.55 million, ₹ 2,941.55 million, ₹ 3,025.36 million and ₹ 2,867.48 million, which represented 97.35%, 95.38%, 96.17%, 97.48% and 99.59%, respectively, of our total revenue from operations in such periods. While we make provisions for foreign exchange fluctuations, ensure that the transactions at the foreign subsidiaries are in their functional currency to create a natural hedge and also take steps to hedge our foreign currency fluctuation risk for transactions entered in foreign currency in India, a significant or frequent fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and other currencies, may adversely affect our results of operations. The exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies, primarily the USD, has fluctuated in the past and our results of operations have been impacted by such fluctuations in the past and may be impacted by such fluctuations in the future. For example, during times of strengthening of the Indian Rupee, we expect that our revenue from offerings overseas will generally be negatively impacted as foreign currency received will be translated into fewer Indian Rupees. However, the converse positive effect of depreciation in the Indian Rupee may not be sustained or may not show an appreciable impact in our results of operations in any given financial period due to other variables impacting our business and results of operations during the same period. Accordingly, any appreciation or depreciation of the Indian Rupee against these currencies can impact our results of operations. We may from time to time be required to make provisions for foreign exchange differences in accordance with accounting standards.</mark> 

Our ability to foresee future foreign currency fluctuations is limited and due to the time gap between the accounting of purchases <mark>and actual payments, the foreign exchange rate at which the purchase is recorded in the books of accounts may vary with the foreign exchange rate at which the payment is made, thereby benefiting or affecting us negatively, depending on the appreciation or depreciation of the Rupee. We may, therefore, be exposed to risks arising from exchange rate fluctuations and we may not be able to pass on all losses on account of foreign currency fluctuations to our clients, and as a result, suffer losses on account of foreign currency fluctuations. There is no guarantee that we may be able to manage our foreign currency risk effectively or mitigate exchange exposures, at all times and our inability may harm our results of operations and cause our results to fluctuate and/or decline. We may experience foreign exchange losses and gains in respect of transactions denominated in foreign</mark> currencies. 

**_<mark>7. If the market for our services develops more slowly than we expect, it may hamper our ability to grow as anticipated, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.</mark>_** 

The market for our analytics services is rapidly evolving. Our future success will depend in large part on the growth and <mark>expansion of this market, which is difficult to predict and relies on a number of factors, including client adoption, client demand, changing client needs, the entry of competitive products, the success of existing competitive products, potential clients’</mark> 

28 

<mark>willingness to adopt an alternative approach to data collection, storage, and analytics and their willingness to invest in business improvements after significant prior investments in legacy data collection, storage, and processing software. The estimates and assumptions that are used to calculate our market opportunity are subject to change over time, and there is no guarantee that the organizations covered by our market opportunity estimates will pay for our services at all or generate any particular level of revenue for us. Further, if we or other data management and analytics providers experience security incidents, loss of or unauthorized access to client data, disruptions in delivery, or other problems, this market as a whole, may be negatively affected. If software for the challenges that we address does not achieve widespread adoption, or there is a reduction in demand caused by a lack of client acceptance, technological challenges, weakening economic conditions (including due to the COVID19 pandemic), security or privacy concerns, competing technologies and products, decreases in corporate spending, or otherwise, or, alternatively, if the market develops but we are unable to continue to penetrate it due to the cost, performance, or other factors, it could result in decreased revenue and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.</mark> 

**_<mark>8. Our business depends on our ability to remain updated with new technologies and continue to develop digital solutions to address the needs of our clients, failing which our business and results of operations could suffer.</mark>_** 

Our success has been based on our ability to remain updated with the latest technologies and effectively use them to enable the <mark>integration of data into a common operating environment to facilitate advanced data analysis, knowledge management, and collaboration. We spend substantial amounts of time and money researching and developing ways to use evolving technologies to meet our clients’ and potential clients’ rapidly evolving needs. There is no assurance that the enhancements we make to our offerings or service features, or capabilities, will be successful in deriving more accurate data-driven decisions for our clients or gain market acceptance. If our services do not deliver reliable results, or if we fail to introduce services that meet client preferences in a timely and cost-effective manner, we may fail to retain our existing clients or increase demand for our services.</mark> 

The introduction of new services by competitors or the development of entirely new technologies to replace existing offerings <mark>or development of certain processes internally by clients could make our offerings obsolete which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We may experience difficulties with solution design, or marketing that delay or prevent introduction or implementation of new offerings, features, or capabilities. The design and development of new offerings or new features and capabilities to our existing offerings may require substantial investment, and we have no assurance that such investments will be successful. If clients do not widely adopt our new services, experiences, features, and capabilities, we may not be able to realize a return on our investment and our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected.</mark> 

Our new offerings may fail to attain sufficient market acceptance for many reasons, including: defects, errors, or failures or our <mark>inability to satisfy client service level requirements; negative publicity or negative private statements about the security, performance, or effectiveness of our offerings; introduction or anticipated introduction of competing services or functionalities by our competitors; inability of our services to scale and perform to meet client demands; receiving qualified or adverse opinions in connection with security or penetration testing, certifications or audits, such as those related to IT controls and security standards and frameworks or compliance; poor business conditions for our clients, causing them to delay use of our services; and reluctance of clients to outsource data and analytics functions as compared to carrying these out internally.</mark> 

If we are not able to continue to identify challenges faced by our clients and develop or acquire new features and capabilities <mark>in a timely and cost-effective manner, or if our services do not achieve market acceptance, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects may suffer and our anticipated revenue growth may not be achieved.</mark> 

**_<mark>9. We face intense competition in our markets, and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position.</mark>_** 

The markets for data and analytics is very competitive, and we expect such competition to continue or increase in the future. A <mark>significant number of companies are offering services that currently, or in the future may, compete with some or all aspects of our analytics services. We may not be successful in convincing the management teams of our potential clients to engage our services to enhance their operations or to prefer our services over those of our competitors. Certain of our competitors include Mu Sigma, Fractal, Tiger, Palantir, Accenture, TCS and Capgemini (</mark> _<mark>Source: Zinnov Report</mark>_ <mark>). In addition, our competitors include large enterprise software companies and system integrators, and we may face competition from emerging companies as well as established companies who have not previously entered this market. For further information, see “</mark> _<mark>Industry Overview – Key Data and Analytics Companies</mark>_ <mark>” on page 126. Additionally, we may be required to make substantial additional investments in our personnel, research, development, services, marketing, and sales functions in order to respond to competition, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future.</mark> 

Many of our existing competitors have, and some of our potential competitors could have, substantial competitive advantages <mark>such as: greater name recognition, longer operating histories, and larger client bases; larger sales and marketing budgets and resources and the capacity to leverage their sales efforts and marketing expenditures across a broader portfolio of services; broader, deeper, or otherwise more established relationships with technology, channel and distribution partners, and clients;</mark> 

29 

<mark>wider geographic presence or greater access to larger potential client bases; greater focus in specific geographies; lower labor and research and development costs; larger and more mature intellectual property portfolios; and substantially greater financial, technical, and other resources to provide services.</mark> 

<mark>In addition, some of our larger competitors have substantially broader and more diverse service offerings and may be able to leverage their relationships with distribution partners and clients to gain business in a manner that discourages clients from procuring our services. Potential clients may also prefer to engage their existing providers rather than new providers regardless of service features. As a result, even if our services offer advantages that others do not, clients may not engage us for their analytics requirements. These larger competitors often have specialized market focus or greater resources and may therefore not be as susceptible to economic downturns or other significant reductions in capital spending by clients. If we are unable to sufficiently differentiate our offerings from the integrated or bundled products of our competitors, such as by offering enhanced value, we may see a decrease in demand for our services, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.</mark> 

# **_10. Our business depends on a strong brand and corporate reputation and if we are not able to maintain and enhance our_** **_<mark>brand, our ability to grow our business and our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.</mark>_** 

Since many of our specific client engagements involve highly tailored solutions, our corporate reputation is a significant factor <mark>in our clients’ and prospective clients’ determination of whether to continue engaging us or hire us for prospective services. We believe that our brand name and reputation are important corporate assets that help distinguish our services from those of our competitors and also contribute to our efforts to recruit and retain talented professionals. However, our corporate reputation is susceptible to damage by various factors such as actions or statements made by current or former employees or clients, competitors, vendors and adversaries in legal proceedings, as well as members of the investment community and the media. There is a risk that negative information about our Company, even if based on false rumours or misunderstandings, could adversely affect our business. Any negative news affecting us might also affect our reputation and brand value. In particular, damage to our reputation could be difficult and time-consuming to repair, especially due to the competitiveness in our industry, which could make potential or existing clients reluctant to select us for new engagements, resulting in a loss of business, and could adversely affect our employee recruitment and retention efforts. Damage to our reputation could also reduce the value and effectiveness of our brand name, could reduce investor confidence in us, affect the price of our Equity Shares and adversely affect our ability to grow our business and our results of operations and financial condition.</mark> 

**_11. Our ability to continue to engage with our clients is dependent on the quality of our services and offerings, and real or_** **_<mark>perceived errors, failures or glitches in our offerings could adversely affect our financial results and growth prospects.</mark>_** 

We provide services that involve integrating with our clients’ existing information technology investments and data. We have <mark>grown to provide services in large-scale, complex technology environments, and we believe our future success will depend on our ability to increase sales of our services for use in such deployments. As our offerings are complex, undetected errors, failures or glitches may occur, especially while customizing services for clients that operate in complex environments. Our services are performed in large-scale computing environments with different operating systems, system management software, and equipment and networking configurations, which may cause errors or failures of our services or other aspects of the computing environment in which we operate. In addition, access to complicated, large-scale computing environments may expose undetected errors, failures or glitches in our services. Despite testing by us, errors, failures or glitches may not be found in our offerings until they are released to our clients. While we have not experienced any real or perceived errors, failures or glitches in our offerings that have had an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition in the past, we cannot assure you that such incidents will not happen in the future. Real or perceived errors, failures or glitches in our offerings could result in negative publicity, loss of or delay in market acceptance of our offerings, loss of competitive position or claims by clients for losses sustained by them. In such an event, we may be required, or may choose, for client relations or other reasons, to expend additional resources in order to help correct the problem.</mark> 

In addition, our ability to provide effective services is largely dependent on our ability to attract, train, and retain qualified <mark>personnel with experience in data analytics and specialization in the relevant domain/ vertical. A growing client base may continue to put additional pressure on our services teams. We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate shortterm increases in client demand for our services. We also may be unable to modify the future scope and delivery of our services to compete with changes in the services provided by our competitors. In addition, as we continue to grow our operations, we need to be able to provide efficient services that meet our clients’ needs globally at scale, and our services teams may face additional challenges, including those associated with delivering support, training, and providing services across expanded time-zones. If we are unable to provide efficient services globally at scale, our ability to grow our operations may be harmed, and we may need to hire additional services personnel, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations.</mark> 

Our clients typically need training in the proper use of and the variety of benefits that can be derived from our offerings to maximize the potential of our services. If we do not effectively deploy our services, succeed in helping our clients quickly resolve service related issues, and provide effective ongoing services, our ability to sell services to existing clients could be 

30 

adversely affected, we may face negative publicity, and our reputation with potential clients could be damaged. Larger organization require higher levels of services than smaller clients. If we fail to meet the requirements of the larger clients, it may be more difficult to execute on our strategy to increase our penetration with larger clients. As a result, our failure to maintain high quality services may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. In addition, if an actual or perceived failure occurs in a client’s deployment, regardless of whether the failure is attributable to us, the market perception of the effectiveness of our offerings could be adversely affected. Alleviating any of these problems could require significant expenditures of our capital and other resources and could cause interruptions, delays or cessation of our licensing, which could cause us to lose existing or potential clients and could adversely affect our financial results and growth prospects. 

# **_12. Our revenues are highly dependent on a limited number of industry verticals, and any decrease in demand for outsourced services in these industry verticals could reduce our revenues and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

A substantial portion of our customers are concentrated in a few specific industry verticals: Technology and Industrials. In the three months ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 and in Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, and, revenue from operations from these industries was ₹ 706.53 million, ₹ 614.55 million,₹ 2,471.15 million, ₹ 2,350.00 million and ₹ 2,040.69 million, which represented 80.44%, 84.15% 80.79%, 75.72% and 70.87%, of our revenue from operations, respectively. Our business growth largely depends on continued demand for our services from clients in these industry verticals. A downturn in any of our targeted industry verticals, a slowdown or reversal of the trend to outsource data and analytics services in any of these industries or the introduction of regulations that restrict or discourage companies from outsourcing could result in a decrease in the demand for our services and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Other developments in these industries may also lead to a decline in the demand for our services in these industry verticals, and we may not be able to successfully. For example, consolidation in any of these industries or acquisitions may decrease the potential number of buyers of our services. Further, our clients may experience rapid changes in their prospects, substantial price competition and pressure on their profitability. This, in turn, may result in increasing pressure on us from clients in these key industries to lower our prices, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_<mark>13. The implementation process of solutions may in some cases be time consuming, and any failure to satisfy our clients or perform as desired could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition.</mark>_** 

Our services are complex and are deployed in a wide variety of network environments. Solution designing is a complex and <mark>lengthy process since we often customize our services for a client’s requirements and environment. Inability to meet these requirements of our clients may result in client dissatisfaction and/or damage to our reputation, which could materially harm our business. In addition, if our clients do not use our services as intended, inadequate performance or outcomes may result. It is possible that our services may be used by clients with smaller or less sophisticated IT departments, potentially resulting in sub-optimal performance at a level lower than anticipated by the client. As our clients rely on our services to address important business goals and challenges, the incorrect or improper use or configuration of our services, or failure to properly provide implementation or analytical or maintenance services to our clients may result in contract terminations or nonrenewals, reduced client payments, negative publicity, or legal claims against us.</mark> 

# **_14. We are a company with global operations and subject to risks and uncertainties of conducting business outside India._** 

We conduct our business across emerging and developed markets and serve clients across countries in Asia, Europe, and North America through our subsidiaries in the Singapore, Netherlands, Germany, United Kingdom and United States, and derive almost all our revenues and profits from our international business. 

In the three months ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 and in Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, revenue from operations from clients outside India was ₹ 855.04 million, ₹ 696.55 million ₹  2,941.55 million, ₹ 3,025.36 million and ₹ 2,867.48 million, which represented 97.35%, 95.38%, 96.17%, 97.48% and 99.59%, of our revenue from operations in such periods, respectively. The markets in which we operate are diverse and fragmented, with varying levels of economic and infrastructure development and distinct legal and regulatory systems, and do not operate seamlessly across borders as a single or common market. Therefore, we may be subject to risks inherent in doing business in countries other than India, including: risks related to the legal and regulatory environment in non-Indian jurisdictions, including with respect to privacy and data, or in relation to taxation or repatriation of our revenues or profits from foreign jurisdictions to India; security, and unexpected changes in laws, regulatory requirements and enforcement; challenges caused by distance, language and cultural differences; providing services that appeal to the preferences of users in multiple markets; complex local tax regimes; higher costs associated with doing business in multiple markets; imposition of international sanctions on one or more of the countries in which we operate; potential damage to our brand and reputation due to compliance with local laws, including requirements to provide information to local authorities; fluctuations in currency exchange rates; political, social or economic instability; difficulties in managing global operations and legal compliance costs associated with multiple international locations; and exposure to local banking, currency control and other financial-related risks. 

31 

Further, several of our agreements with clients are governed by laws other than Indian law. We cannot assure you that in the event of a dispute under such agreements, we will be able to successfully defend our position, and any adverse decision may adversely impact our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. If we are unable to manage our global operations successfully, our financial results could be adversely affected, which may impact profit margins or make it increasingly difficult for us to conduct business in foreign markets. 

We intend to continue to expand our offerings, as well as our client base, within existing regions where we operate and to various other jurisdictions. We may have limited or no experience in marketing, developing and deploying our offerings in such jurisdictions, and may require considerable management attention and resources for managing our growing business across markets. Further, any restriction on repatriation of money to India from countries where we have operations, may result in overexposure on the cash being accumulated for our overseas operations, which may have an adverse impact on our cash flows, results of operations and profitability. 

**_15. We are dependent on our Promoters, management team, Key Managerial Personnel and our delivery and sales personnel, and the loss of, or our inability to hire, retain, train, and motivate such qualified and skilled personnel could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

<mark>Our ability to compete in the highly competitive technology industry depends upon our ability to attract, motivate, and retain qualified and skilled personnel, particularly for our sales and delivery functions. We are highly dependent on the continued contributions and client relationships of our management and on our senior leadership led by our Promoters Adugudi Viswanathan Venkatraman and Pramadwathi Jandhyala, and our Chief Executive Officer Rajan Sethuraman. All of our executive officers and key personnel are at-will employees and may terminate their employment relationship with us at any time. The loss of the services of our key personnel and any of our other executive officers, and our inability to find suitable replacements, could result in a decline in sales and harm to our business and operations.</mark> 

We are also substantially dependent on the continued service of our existing sales and delivery personnel owing to the industry <mark>and functional expertise involved in our offerings. The average attrition rate for the Indian analytics players was close to 16% in 2020 which is higher than the global average attrition rate of approximately 14% (</mark> _<mark>Source: Zinnov Report</mark>_ <mark>). A significant increase in the attrition rate among skilled IT professionals with specialized skills could decrease our operating efficiency and productivity and could lead to a decline in demand for our services. The competition for highly-skilled IT professionals may require us to increase salaries, and we may be unable to pass on these increased costs to our clients. This would increase our operational costs which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may experience difficulty in hiring and retaining personnel with appropriate qualifications, and we may not be able to fill positions in a timely manner or at all. We face intense competition for qualified personnel, especially engineering personnel, in major U.S. markets, where a large portion of our personnel are based, as well as in other non-U.S. markets where we expect to expand our nonU.S. operations. We incur costs related to attracting, relocating, and retaining qualified personnel in these highly competitive markets, including leasing real estate in prime areas in these locations. Further, many of the companies with which we compete for qualified personnel have greater resources than we have. We seek to retain and motivate existing personnel through our compensation practices, company culture, and career development opportunities. If we fail to attract new personnel or to retain our current personnel, our business and operations could be harmed.</mark> 

As we move into new geographies, we will need to attract and recruit skilled personnel in those geographic areas, but it may be <mark>challenging for us to compete with traditional local employers in these regions for talent. The attrition rate among our sales and delivery personnel was 21.47%, 26.72%, 38.93% and 26.53% in the six months ended September 30, 2021 and in Fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel who are capable of meeting our growing technical, operational, and managerial requirements on a timely basis or at all, our business may be harmed. We cannot assure that members of our management team will not leave our Company and join our competitors, and that we will be able to find suitable replacements for them, in a timely manner or at all. Further, if we are not able to utilize the talent we need because of increased regulation of immigration or work visas, including limitations placed on the number of visas granted, limitations on the type of work performed or location in which the work can be performed, and new or higher minimum salary requirements, it could be more difficult to staff our personnel on client engagements and could increase our costs.</mark> 

# **_16. Our sales efforts involve considerable time and expense and our sales cycle is often long and unpredictable._** 

Our results of operations may fluctuate, in part, because of the intensive nature of our sales efforts and the length and <mark>unpredictability of our sales cycle. As part of our sales efforts, we invest considerable time and expense evaluating the specific organizational needs of our potential clients and educating these potential clients about the technical capabilities and value of our services. We often also provide our services to potential clients at no or low cost initially to them for evaluation purposes through short-term pilot deployments, and there is no guarantee that we will be on-boarded by clients for later phases of their digital cycle or for a greater scope of services. In addition, we currently have a limited direct sales force, and our sales efforts have historically depended on the significant involvement of our senior management team. The length of our sales cycle, from initial demonstration of our capabilities to sale of our services, tends to be long and varies substantially from client to client.</mark> 

32 

<mark>As decisions to engage us for our services involve significant financial commitments, potential clients generally evaluate us at multiple levels within their organization, each of which often have specific requirements, and typically involve their senior management.</mark> 

Our results of operations depend on sales to enterprise clients, which make decisions based in part or entirely on factors, or <mark>perceived factors, not directly related to the features or benefits of our services, including, among others, that client’s projections of business growth, uncertainty about economic conditions (including as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 outbreak), capital budgets, potential preference for such client’s internally-developed processes, perceptions about our business and offerings, more favorable terms offered by potential competitors, and previous technology investments. In addition, certain decision makers and other stakeholders within our potential clients may tend to have vested interests in the continued use of internally developed or existing services, which may make it more difficult for us to sell our services. Clients may opt to acquire smaller analytics firms to meet their data and analytics requirements, or utilize products/ platforms to carry out basic functions in place of our customized solutions. As a result of these and other factors, our sales efforts typically require an extensive effort throughout a client’s organization, a significant investment of human resources, expense and time, including by our senior management, and there can be no assurances that we will be successful in making a sale to a potential client. If our sales efforts to a potential client do not result in sufficient revenue to justify our investments, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.</mark> 

**_<mark>17. Our results of operations and our key business measures is subject to quarterly variations that could cause fluctuations in our results of operations.</mark>_** 

Historically, we record an increase in revenue from operations in our third quarter (September to December), as most of our <mark>clients follow the calendar year for accounting purposes and additional scope of work would be added towards the end of their fiscal year. We believe that this seasonality also results from a number of other factors, including timing of projects, our clients’ evaluation of our work progress, availability/ rescheduling of our clients’ allocated budget towards data analytics and other value added services, typically determining renewal of our services. As a result of such fluctuations, our sales and results of operations may vary by fiscal quarter, and the sales and results of operations of any given fiscal quarter may not be relied upon as indicators of the sales or results of operations of other fiscal quarters or of our future performance.</mark> 

# **_<mark>18. Our inability to modify our pricing models to retain existing clients and attract prospective clients may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.</mark>_** 

We expect that we may change our pricing model from time to time, including as a result of competition, global economic <mark>conditions, general reductions in our clients’ spending levels, pricing studies, or changes in how our offerings are broadly consumed. Similarly, as we introduce new services, or further customize existing services, we may have difficulty determining the appropriate price structure for our offerings. In addition, as new and existing competitors introduce new services that compete with ours, or revise their pricing structures, we may be unable to attract new clients at the same price or based on the same pricing model as we have used historically. Moreover, as we continue to target selling our services to larger organizations, these larger organizations may demand substantial price concessions. If we are unable to modify or develop pricing models and strategies that are attractive to existing and prospective clients, while enabling us to significantly grow our sales and revenue relative to our associated costs and expenses in a reasonable period of time, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely impacted.</mark> 

**_<mark>19. If we are not successful in executing our strategy to increase our sales to larger clients, our results of operations may suffer.</mark>_** 

An important part of our growth strategy is to increase sales of our solutions to large enterprises. Sales to large enterprises <mark>involve risks that may not be present (or that are present to a lesser extent) with sales to small-to-mid-sized entities. These risks include: increased leverage held by large clients in negotiating contractual arrangements with us; changes in key decision makers within these organizations that may negatively impact our ability to negotiate in the future; client IT departments may perceive that our services pose a threat to their internal control and advocate for legacy or internally developed solutions over our services; resources may be spent on a potential client that ultimately elects not to engage our services; more stringent requirements in our service contracts, including stricter service response times, and increased penalties for any failure to meet service requirements; increased competition from larger competitors, such as large software and service companies that traditionally target large enterprises and government entities and that may already have purchase commitments from those clients; and less predictability in completing some of our sales than we do with smaller clients.</mark> 

<mark>Large enterprises often undertake a significant evaluation process that results in a lengthy sales cycle, requiring approvals of multiple management personnel and more technical personnel than would be typical of a smaller organization. Large enterprises typically (i) have longer implementation cycles, (ii) require greater scalability and a broader range of services, (iii) demand that vendors take on a larger share of risks, (iv) sometimes require acceptance provisions that can lead to a delay in revenue recognition, (v) typically have more complex IT and data environments, and (vi) expect greater payment flexibility from vendors. All these factors can add further risk to business conducted with these clients. If sales expected from a large client for</mark> 

33 

<mark>a particular quarter are not realized in that quarter or at all, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected.</mark> 

**_20. There are outstanding litigation proceedings against our Company. Any adverse outcome in such proceedings may have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

There are outstanding legal proceedings against our Company, which are pending at various levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and other authorities. 

The summary of outstanding matters set out below includes details of criminal proceedings, tax proceedings, statutory and regulatory actions and other material pending litigation (as defined in the section “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 276) involving our Company, as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

_Litigation involving our Company_ 

|**Type of proceeding**|**Number of cases**|**Amount, to the extent quantif**<br>**_(₹ million)_**|**iable**|
|---|---|---|---|
|Civil|Nil||Nil|
|Criminal|Nil||Nil|
|Regulatory/ statutoryaction|Nil||Nil|
|Tax|1||3.09*|
|Other matters|Nil||Nil|



_*To the extent quantifiable_ 

For further information, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” beginning on page 276. 

There can be no assurance that these legal proceedings will be decided in our favor. In addition, we cannot assure you that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. Decisions in such proceedings adverse to our interests may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_21. We are required to comply with certain restrictive covenants under our financing agreements. Any non-compliance may lead to, amongst others, accelerated repayment schedule and suspension of further drawdowns, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Some of the financing arrangements entered into by us include conditions that require our Company to obtain respective lenders’ consent prior to carrying out certain activities and entering into certain transactions. Failure to meet these conditions or obtain these consents could have significant consequences on our business and operations. These covenants vary depending on the requirements of the financial institution extending such loan and the conditions negotiated under each financing agreement. Some of the corporate actions that require prior consents or intimations to be made to certain lenders include, amongst others, (a) change in equity, management and operating structure of the Company or effect any material changes in its shareholding; , (b) amendments to memorandum and/or articles of association of our Company, (c) change in ownership or control or management of the Company , (d) merger or amalgamation or buy-back; (e) change in the general nature of business of the Company or to undertake any expansion or invest in any other entity; (f) to make corporate investments or investment by way of share capital or debentures or advance funds or monies to or place deposits with, any other company, body, person or concern and (g) declare dividends. While we have received all relevant consents required for the purposes of this Offer and have complied with these covenants, a failure to comply with such covenants in the future may restrict or delay certain actions or initiatives that we may propose to take from time to time. 

A failure to observe the covenants under our financing arrangements or to obtain necessary consents/ waivers may lead to acceleration of amounts due under such facilities and triggering of cross default provisions. If the obligations under any of our financing documents are accelerated, we may have to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to make payments under such financing documents, thereby reducing the availability of cash for our working capital requirements and other general corporate purposes. In addition, during any period in which we are in default, we may be unable to raise, or face difficulties raising, further financing. 

**_22. If we are unable to establish and maintain an effective internal controls and compliance system, our business and reputation could be adversely affected._** 

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal measures commensurate with the size and complexity of operations. Our internal audit functions make an evaluation of the adequacy and effectiveness of internal systems on an ongoing basis so that our operations adhere to our policies, compliance requirements and internal guidelines. We periodically test and update our internal processes and systems and there have been no past material instances of failure to maintain effective internal controls and compliance system. However, we are exposed to operational risks arising from the potential inadequacy or failure 

34 

of internal processes or systems, and our actions may not be sufficient to ensure effective internal checks and balances in all circumstances. 

We take reasonable steps to maintain appropriate procedures for compliance and disclosure and to maintain effective internal controls over our financial reporting so that we produce reliable financial reports and prevent financial fraud. As risks evolve and develop, internal controls must be reviewed on an ongoing basis. Maintaining such internal controls requires human diligence and compliance and is therefore subject to lapses in judgment and failures that result from human error. Any lapses in judgment or failures that result from human error can affect the accuracy of our financial reporting, resulting in a loss of investor confidence and a decline in the price of our Equity Shares. 

Further, our operations are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations. These laws generally prohibit us and our employees and intermediaries from bribing, being bribed or making other prohibited payments to government officials or other persons to obtain or retain business or gain some other business advantage. We participate in collaborations and relationships with third parties whose actions could potentially subject us to liability under these laws or other local anti-corruption laws. While our code of conduct requires our employees and intermediaries to comply with all applicable laws, and we continue to enhance our policies and procedures in an effort to ensure compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations, these measures may not prevent the breach of such anti-corruption laws, as there are risks of such breaches in emerging markets, such as India, including within the travel and hospitality industry. If we are not in compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement and other sanctions and remedial measures, and legal expenses, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Likewise, any investigation of any potential violations of anti-corruption laws by the relevant authorities could also have an adverse impact on our business and reputation. 

# **_23. Our ability to design and implement solutions depends in part on our ability to operate with third-party products and services, and if we are not successful in maintaining and expanding the capability of our workforce in using such thirdparty products and services, business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely impacted._** 

<mark>Our ability to design and implement digital solutions depends in part on our ability to operate with products and services of third parties, software services, and infrastructure. As such, we must continuously invest in building our capabilities to adapt to changes in hardware, software, networking, browser, and database technologies, and to remain empaneled with our partners through various certified personnel. In the future, one or more technology companies may choose not to support the operation of their hardware, software, or infrastructure, or we may not possess the capabilities needed to operate with such hardware, software, or infrastructure. In addition, to the extent that a third-party were to develop software or services that compete with ours, that provider may choose not to support one or more of our solutions. We intend to facilitate the compatibility of our solutions with various third-party hardware, software, and infrastructure by maintaining and expanding our business and technical relationships. If we are not successful in achieving this goal, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely impacted.</mark> 

# **_24. Our profitability will suffer if we are not able to maintain our resource utilisation levels and productivity levels._** 

Our profitability is significantly impacted by our utilisation levels of fixed-cost resources, including human resources as well as other resources such as office space, and our ability to increase our productivity levels. We have expanded our operations significantly in recent years, which has resulted in a significant increase in our headcount and fixed overhead costs. 

Some of our personnel have been specially trained to work for specific clients or on specific engagements. Our ability to manage our utilisation levels depends significantly on our ability to hire and train high-performing personnel and to staff projects appropriately and on the general economy and its effect on our clients and their business decisions regarding the use of our services. If we experience a slowdown or stoppage of work for any client for which we have dedicated personnel or capabilities, we may not be able to efficiently reallocate these personnel to other clients and projects to keep their utilisation and productivity levels high. If we are not able to maintain high resource utilisation levels without corresponding cost reductions or price increases, our profitability will suffer. In the event of a slowdown due to external factors, or if the number of our clients reduce, we may be over-staffed and required to carry excess employee-related expenses which could affect our financial condition. 

Our profitability and the cost of providing our services are affected by the utilisation rates of our employees in our delivery locations. If we are not able to maintain appropriate utilisation rates for our employees involved in delivery of our services, our profit margin and our profitability may suffer. Our utilisation rates are affected by a number of factors, including our ability to: promptly transition our employees between client assignments; forecast demand for our services and thereby maintain an appropriate number of employees in each of our delivery locations; deploy employees with appropriate skills and seniority to assignments; manage the attrition of our employees and to hire and integrate new employees; and devote time and resources to training, professional development and other activities that cannot be billed to our clients. 

Employee shortages could prevent us from completing our contractual commitments in a timely manner, taking up new contracts and cause us to lose contracts or clients. Further, to the extent that we lack sufficient employees with lower levels of 

35 

seniority and daily or hourly rates, we may be required to deploy more senior employees with higher rates on projects without the ability to pass such higher rates to our clients, which could adversely affect our profit margin and profitability. 

# **_25. If we are unable to collect our receivables from, or bill our unbilled services to, our clients, our results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected._** 

Our business depends on our ability to successfully obtain payment from our clients of the amounts they owe us for work performed. We usually bill and collect on relatively short cycles. We maintain allowances against receivables and unbilled services. Actual losses on client balances could differ from those that we currently anticipate and, as a result, we might need to adjust our allowances. There is no guarantee that we will accurately assess the creditworthiness of our clients. Weak macroeconomic conditions and related turmoil in the global financial system could also result in financial difficulties, including limited access to the credit markets, insolvency, or bankruptcy for our clients, and, as a result, could cause clients to delay payments to us, request modifications to their payment arrangements that could increase our receivables balance, or default on their payment obligations to us. Timely collection of client balances also depends on our ability to complete our contractual commitments and bill and collect our contracted revenues. If we are unable to meet our contractual requirements, we might experience delays in collection of and/ or be unable to collect our client balances, and if this occurs, our results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. In addition, if we experience an increase in the time to bill and collect for our services, our cash flows could be adversely affected. 

# **_26. Failure to obtain or renew approvals, licenses, registrations and permits to operate our business in a timely manner, or at all, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

We are required to obtain certain approvals, registrations, permissions and licenses from regulatory authorities, to carry out/ undertake our business. These approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions may be subject to numerous conditions. If we fail to obtain some or all of these approvals or licenses, or renewals thereof, in a timely manner or at all, or if we fail to comply with applicable conditions or it is claimed that we have breached any such conditions, our license or permission for carrying on a particular activity may be suspended or cancelled and we may not be able to carry on such activity, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. For further information on the nature of approvals and licenses required for our business, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 279. In addition, we have, and may need to in the future, apply for certain additional approvals, including the renewal of approvals, which may expire from time to time. 

There is no assurance that such approvals and licenses will be granted or renewed in a timely manner or at all by the relevant governmental or regulatory authorities. Failure to obtain or renew such approvals and licenses in a timely manner would make our operations non-compliant with applicable laws and may result in imposition of penalties by relevant authorities, and may also prevent us from carrying out our business. Our licenses and approvals are subject to various conditions, including periodic renewal and maintenance standards. Any actual or alleged failure on our part to comply with the terms and conditions of such regulatory licenses and registrations could expose us to legal action, compliance costs or liabilities, or could affect our ability to continue to operate at the locations or in the manner in which we have been operating thus far. 

**_27. All of our offices, including our Registered Office are located on leased premises. If these leases are terminated or not renewed on terms acceptable to us, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

As of September 30, 2021, we had eleven offices across three continents including our Registered Office, all of which are currently held on a lease basis. For further information, see “ _Our Business – Properties_ ” on page 151. We typically enter into term lease agreements with an option to renew such term. We may not be able to renew or extend these agreements at commercially acceptable terms, or at all. Further, we may be required to re-negotiate rent or other terms and conditions of such agreements during their currency. We may also be required to vacate the premises at short notice period prescribed in the lease agreements, and we may not be able to obtain alternate location, in a short span of time. In addition, lease agreements are required to be duly registered and adequately stamped under Indian law and if one of our lease agreements is not duly registered and adequately stamped, we may face challenges in enforcing them and they may be inadmissible as evidence in a court in India subject to penalties along with the requisite stamp duty prescribed under applicable Indian law being paid. We may also face similar issues with jurisdictions we operate in outside of India. Occurrence of any of the above events may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, any adverse impact on the ownership rights of our landlords may impede our effective future operations. 

**_28. We may not derive the anticipated benefits from strategic investments and acquisitions that we may enter into and we may not be successful in pursuing future investments and acquisitions._** 

As part of our growth strategy, we may invest in or collaborate with and acquire stake in companies that are complementary to our business and offerings. There can be no assurance that such investments and acquisitions will achieve their anticipated benefits. We may not be able to integrate acquired operations, personnel and technologies successfully or effectively manage 

36 

our combined business following such acquisitions. Acquisitions, investments, and strategic partnerships typically involve uncertainties and risks, which are applicable to and would impact our ability to grow through acquisitions and/or consolidation of businesses and entities, including: accurately evaluating potential acquisition targets and identifying acquisition targets with operations complementary to our existing operations; potential ongoing financial obligations and unforeseen or hidden liabilities; possible cash flow interruption or loss of revenue as a result of transitional matters; integrating personnel from different corporate cultures while maintaining focus on providing consistent, high quality service; retaining key employees, particularly those of the acquired operations, and maintaining the key business relationships with consumers of the businesses we acquire; failure to achieve the intended objectives, benefits or revenue enhancement; the costs of integrating an acquired business with our existing business particular in relation to supporting legacy products and hosting infrastructure of the acquired business and retaining suppliers and clients of the acquired business; entering into unfamiliar markets; and diversion of resources and management attention. 

Our failure to address these or other risks successfully may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, any such acquisition or investment may require a significant amount of capital investment, or we may incur costs in respect of any future liabilities, including in respect of any indemnity claims for such acquired or investee entities, which would decrease the amount of cash available for working capital or capital expenditures. If we borrow funds to finance acquisitions, such debt instruments may contain restrictive covenants that could, among other things, restrict us from distributing dividends. In addition, our acquisition led strategy may adversely impact our return on capital employed in future. Further, we may be unable to successfully integrate our recent acquisitions or partnerships with our business which may _inter alia_ negatively impact our ability to achieve the expected benefits from these acquisitions and partnerships. We may also not succeed in implementing our strategy of growth through strategic investments and acquisitions in the future as it is subject to many factors which are beyond our control, including our ability to identify, attract and successfully execute suitable acquisition opportunities and partnerships. Any failure to achieve the anticipated benefits of any proposed investments and acquisitions or to consummate new investments and acquisitions in the future could negatively impact our ability to compete in the travel industry and have a material adverse effect on our business. 

# **_29. If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our business and results of operations could be harmed._** 

<mark>We have experienced, and may continue to experience, rapid growth and organizational change, which has placed, and may continue to place, significant demands on our management, operational and financial resources. In addition, we operate globally with subsidiaries incorporated in Singapore, Netherlands, Germany, United Kingdom and United States. We plan to continue to expand our international operations in the future, which will place additional demands on our resources and operations. We have also experienced significant growth in the number of clients and types of services we provide, over the years. We had 46 active clients as of September 30, 2021.</mark> 

<mark>While we have been profitable in the past, we expect to make investments in growing our business and may undertake acquisitions of other synergistic companies, which could reduce our profitability compared to past periods. In addition, as a public company, we will incur significant accounting, legal and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. As a result of these increased expenditures, our profitability could decline in future periods. In future periods, our revenue could decline or grow more slowly than we expect. We also may incur significant losses in the future for a number of reasons including due to the other risks described in this Red Herring Prospectus, and we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors.</mark> 

<mark>Further, in order to successfully manage our growth, our organizational structure has become, and may continue to become, more complex. We may need to scale and adapt our operational, financial and management controls further, as well as our reporting systems and procedures to manage this complexity and our increased responsibilities as a public company. This will require us to invest in and commit significant financial, operational and management resources to grow and change in these areas without undermining the corporate culture that has been critical to our growth so far. These investments will require significant expenditures, and any investments we make will occur in advance of the benefits from such investments, making it difficult to determine in a timely manner if we are efficiently allocating our resources. If we do not achieve the benefits anticipated from these investments, if the achievement of these benefits is delayed, or if we are unable to achieve a high level of efficiency as our organization grows, in a manner that preserves the key aspects of our culture, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.</mark> 

# **_30. We rely on third-party data centers and cloud computing providers, and any interruption or delay in service from these facilities could impair the delivery of our products and adversely impact our business and results of operations._** 

<mark>We currently serve our clients from third-party data centers and cloud computing providers located around the world. Some of these facilities may be located in areas prone to natural disasters and may experience events such as earthquakes, floods, fires, severe weather events, power loss, computer or telecommunication failures, service outages or losses, and similar events. They may also be subject to break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and similar misconduct or cybersecurity issues, human error, terrorism, improper operation, unauthorized entry and data loss. While we have not experienced past of interruption or</mark> 

37 

<mark>delay/failure to fulfil obligations by third party data centers and service providers that have had an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition, we cannot assure you that such incidents will not occur in the future. In the event of significant physical damage to one of these data centers, it may take a significant period of time to achieve full resumption of our services, and our disaster recovery planning may not account for all eventualities. We may also incur significant costs for using alternative equipment or taking other actions in preparation for, or in reaction to, events that damage the data centers that we use. Although we carry business interruption insurance, it may not be sufficient to compensate us for the potentially significant losses, including the potential harm to the future growth of our business that may result from interruptions in our services or products.</mark> 

<mark>As we grow and continue to add new third-party data centers and cloud computing providers and expand the capacity of our existing third-party data centers and cloud computing providers, we may move or transfer our data and our clients’ data. Despite precautions taken during this process, any unsuccessful data transfers may impair the delivery of our products. Any damage to, or failure of, our systems, or those of our third-party data centers or cloud computing providers, could result in interruptions to our services or damage to, or loss or compromise of, our data and our clients’ data. Any impairment of our or our clients’ data or interruptions in the functioning of our offerings, whether due to damage to, or failure of, third-party data centers and cloud computing providers or unsuccessful data transfers, may reduce our revenue, result in significant fines, cause us to issue credits or pay penalties, subject us to claims for indemnification and other claims, litigation or disputes, result in regulatory investigations or other inquiries, cause our clients to terminate their subscriptions and adversely affect our reputation, renewal rates and our ability to attract new clients. Our business will also be harmed if our existing and potential clients believe our products are unreliable or not secure.</mark> 

**_<mark>31. We may be subject to intellectual property rights claims by third parties, which are extremely costly to defend, could require us to pay significant damages and could limit our ability to use certain technologies.</mark>_** 

<mark>Companies in the software and technology industries, including some of our current and potential competitors, own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. In addition, many of these companies have the capability to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce their intellectual property rights and to defend claims that may be brought against them. The litigation may involve patent holding companies or other adverse patent owners that have no relevant product revenues and against which our patents may therefore provide little or no deterrence. From time-to-time, third parties, including certain of these leading companies and non-practicing entities, may assert patent, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights against us, our partners, our technology partners or our clients. We may in the future receive, notices that claim we have misappropriated, misused, or infringed other parties’ intellectual property rights, and to the extent we gain greater market visibility, we face a higher risk of being the subject of intellectual property infringement claims, which is not uncommon with respect to the enterprise software market.</mark> 

While we take care to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of third parties, we cannot determine with certainty whether we are infringing upon any existing third-party intellectual property rights. There may be third-party intellectual property rights, including issued or pending patents, that cover or claim to cover significant aspects of our technologies or business methods. While we have not faced any intellectual property right infringement claims by third parties against us, we cannot assure you that such claims will not happen in the future. Any intellectual property claims, with or without merit, could be very time-consuming, could be expensive to settle or litigate and could divert our management’s attention and other resources. These claims could also subject us to significant liability for damages, or enhanced statutory damages if we are found to have willfully infringed patents or copyrights. These claims could also result in our having to stop using technology found to be in violation of a third-party’s rights. We might be required to seek a license for the intellectual property, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. Even if a license were available, we could be required to pay significant royalties, which would increase our operating expenses. Such risks will increase as we continue to expand our operations and offerings. If we cannot license or develop technology for any infringing aspect of our business, we would be forced to limit or stop sales of our offerings and may be unable to compete effectively. The occurrence of any of the foregoing would adversely affect our business operations and financial results. 

For instance, we use the LV Trademarks in relation to our business and operations in India. LV Trademarks are registered in the name our Material Subsidiary, LatentView Analytics Corporation with United States Patent and Trademark Office. We have entered into a Memorandum of Understanding dated August 12, 2021, with LatentView Analytics Corporation pursuant to which our Company has been granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty free and non-assignable right to use the LV Trademarks. For details, see “ _History and Certain Other Corporate Matters_ ” on page 157. In case of an infringement, we may only be limited to remedies provided under the laws of USA and not be able avail any legal remedies in India. Any failure to prevent infringement in a timely manner or at all or obtain any suitable remedy may adversely impact our reputation, business, and financial position. 

# **_32. Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of data security could adversely affect our business._** 

As our business involves processing of high volumes of data, we are significantly dependent on information technology systems, 

38 

including internet-based systems, to support our business processes. The complexity of our computer systems may make them potentially vulnerable to breakdown, malicious intrusion and computer viruses. We cannot assure you that we will not encounter disruptions to our information technology systems in the future and any such disruption may result in the loss of key information or disruption of our business processes, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, our systems are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches, whether by employees or others that may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. While we have not experienced any significant disruptions of our information technology systems or breaches of data security that have had an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition, we cannot assure you that such incidents will not occur in the future. Such data security breaches could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, or could lead to the public exposure of personal information (including sensitive personal information) of our employees, clients and others. Any such security breaches could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation 

<mark>Our offerings involve the transmission and processing of data, and security breaches and incidents could result in the loss of this information, litigation, indemnity obligations, fines, penalties and other liability. We may become the target of cyberattacks by third-parties seeking unauthorized access to our data or our client’s data or to disrupt our ability to provide services. There is also a danger of industrial espionage, misuse, theft of information or assets (including source code), or damage to assets by people who have gained unauthorized access to our facilities, systems or information. As there are many different techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to systems and data, and such techniques continue to evolve, we may be unable to anticipate attempted security breaches and incidents and proactively implement adequate preventative measures. Additionally, with so many of our employees now working remotely due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we may face an increased risk of attempted security breaches and incidents. While we have taken steps to protect the confidential information that we have access to, including confidential information we may obtain through our client support services or client usage of our cloud services, our security measures or those of our third-party service providers could be breached or otherwise fail to prevent unauthorized access to or disclosure, modification, misuse, loss or destruction of such information. Computer malware, viruses, social engineering (phishing attacks), and increasingly sophisticated network attacks have become more prevalent in our industry, particularly against cloud services. We may also face cyber threats such as (i) phishing and trojans - targeting our clients, wherein fraudsters send unsolicited mails to our clients seeking account sensitive information or to infect client machines to search and attempt ex-filtration of account sensitive information; (ii) hacking – wherein attackers seek to hack into our website with the primary intention of causing reputational damage to us by disrupting services; (iii) data theft – wherein cyber criminals may attempt to intrude into our network with the intention of stealing our data or information; and (iv) advanced persistent threat – a network attack in which an unauthorized person gains access to our network and remains undetected for a long period of time with an intention to steal our data or information rather than to cause damage to our network or organization.</mark> 

<mark>Any security breach or other security incident, or the perception that one has occurred, could result in a loss of client confidence in the security of our offerings and damage to our brand, reduce the demand for our offerings, disrupt normal business operations, require us to spend material resources to investigate or correct the breach and to prevent future security breaches and incidents, expose us to legal liabilities, including litigation, regulatory enforcement, and indemnity obligations, and adversely affect our revenues and operating results. These risks may increase as we continue to grow the number and scale of our offerings, and process, store, and transmit increasing amounts of data. Third parties may also conduct attacks designed to deny clients access to our services. A significant disruption in access to, or ability to use, our services could damage our reputation with current and potential clients, expose us to liability, cause us to lose clients or otherwise negatively affect our business. Further, our financial, accounting, or other data processing systems may fail to operate adequately, or at all, because of events that are beyond our control, including a disruption of electrical or communications services in the markets in which we operate. Our ability to operate and remain competitive will depend in part on our ability to maintain and upgrade our information technology systems on a timely and cost-effective basis.</mark> 

# **_33. We have in the past not complied with the corporate social responsibility requirements under the Companies Act, 2013._** 

<mark>Companies meeting certain financial thresholds are required to constitute a committee of the board of directors for corporate social responsibility activities and ensure that at least 2% of the average profit/(loss) before tax of the company during three immediately preceding financial years are utilized for corporate social responsibility activities. Penalties for instances of noncompliance have been prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013, which may result in, inter alia, our Company, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel being subject to such penalties and formal actions as prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013. We were required to spend ₹ 10.53 million towards CSR in Fiscal 2020 against which we spent ₹ 2.25 million, being less than the prescribed amount under the Companies Act, 2013 for corporate social responsibility. For further information, see “</mark> _<mark>Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Note 31: Corporate Social Responsibility</mark>_ <mark>” on page 229. While we have not been penalized for such non-compliance, we cannot assure you that no penalties will be imposed on us or our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel regarding such non-compliance in the future, the costs of which may be significant, and which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and reputation.</mark> 

**_<mark>34. Our Statutory Auditor has included certain statements to the Auditor’s Report issued under Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2016, as applicable, issued by the Central Government of India in terms of sub section (11) of section 143 of the Companies Act.</mark>_** 

39 

While there have been no reservations/ qualifications/ adverse remarks/ matters of emphasis highlighted by our statutory auditors in their auditor’s reports on the audited financial statements as of and for the last three Fiscals, the auditors have included a statement on certain matters specified in the Companies (Auditors Report) Order 2016, as amended (“ **CARO** ”), in their reports included as an annexure to the auditor’s report on our audited financial statements as of and for the year ended March 31, 2021. For further information, see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Note 37 – Part C: Non Adjusting Items_ ” on page 238. 

There can be no assurance that any similar remarks, matters of emphasis, CARO observations will not form part of our financial statements for the future fiscal periods, which could subject us to additional liabilities due to which our reputation and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_35. We have in this Red Herring Prospectus included certain Non-GAAP Measures and certain other industry measures related to our operations and financial performance. These Non-GAAP Measures and industry measures may not be comparable with financial or industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other companies._** 

Certain Non-GAAP Measures and certain other industry measures relating to our operations and financial performance have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. We compute and disclose such Non-GAAP Measures and such other industry related statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance as we consider such information to be useful measures of our business and financial performance, and because such measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and others to evaluate the operational performance of data and analytics companies, many of which provide such Non-GAAP Measures and other industry related statistical and operational information. Such supplemental financial and operational information is therefore of limited utility as an analytical tool, and investors are cautioned against considering such information either in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our audited financial statements as reported under applicable accounting standards disclosed elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

These Non-GAAP Measures and such other industry related statistical and other information relating to our operations and financial performance are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by generally accepted accounting principles, and therefore may not be comparable to financial measures and industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other data and analytics companies. For further information, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Non-GAAP Measures_ ” beginning on page 255. 

# **_<mark>36. An inability to maintain adequate insurance cover in connection with our business may adversely affect our operations and profitability.</mark>_** 

<mark>We maintain customary insurance policies for our operations, including errors and omission insurance, fire and special perils insurance, burglary and portable equipment insurance, group medical insurance, cyber and data insurance, professional indemnity insurance, public and product liability insurance, as well as insurance for commercial property, terrorism insurance, and workers’ compensation insurance.  For further information, see “</mark> _<mark>Our Business – Insurance</mark>_ <mark>” on page 150. We have covered our entire block of assets as of June 30, 2021. Consequently, our insurance cover as a percentage of total assets was 100.00%, as of June 30, 2021.</mark> 

<mark>While we believe that the insurance coverage which we maintain would be reasonably adequate to cover the normal risks associated with the operation of our business, we cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. We are also required to maintain certain insurance policies under our client agreements, such as workers’ compensation, professional liability insurance and commercial liability insurance under our client agreements. Our insurance policies may not provide adequate coverage in certain circumstances and are subject to certain deductibles, exclusions and limits on coverage. While there have not been any instances where claims have exceeded our insurance coverage in the past, we cannot assure you that this will not happen in the future. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, and which is not covered by insurance or exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected.</mark> 

**_<mark>37. We are subject to a number of legal requirements, contractual obligations and industry standards regarding security, data protection, and privacy, and any failure to comply with these requirements, obligations or standards could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and operating results.</mark>_** 

<mark>Data privacy and security have become significant issues globally. The regulatory framework for data privacy and security issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. These obligations may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with one another, other regulatory</mark> 

40 

<mark>requirements or our internal practices. Various government bodies in several countries have adopted or are considering adopting laws and regulations limiting, or laws and regulations regarding the collection, distribution, use, disclosure, storage, and security of certain types of information. Laws and regulations in countries where we operate apply broadly to the collection, use, storage, disclosure and security of data that identifies or may be used to identify or locate an individual. These laws and regulations often are more restrictive than those in India and are rapidly evolving. For example, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“</mark> **<mark>GDPR</mark>** <mark>”) became effective on May 25, 2018, and, in addition to imposing stringent obligations relating to data protection and security, authorizes fines up computed based on global annual revenue for some violations. We are also required to comply with the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act) that sets out additional measures for compliance.</mark> 

<mark>In December 2019, the Government of India published the Personal Data Protection Bill, 2019 (“</mark> **<mark>PDP Bill</mark>** <mark>”), which provides a framework for protection of personal data and use of non-personal data and seeks to, among others, lay down norms for crossborder transfer of personal data, define the scope of the definition of personal data and non-personal data, establishment of data protection authority and ensure the accountability of entities processing personal data. Further, in September 2019, the Ministry of Electronics & Information Technology constituted a committee of experts ("</mark> **<mark>Committee</mark>** <mark>") to deliberate on issues related to Non-Personal Data ("</mark> **<mark>NPD</mark>** <mark>") and to suggest suitable recommendations for its regulation. On July 12, 2020, the Committee released its report, as amended from time to time, (“</mark> **<mark>NPD Report</mark>** <mark>”) for public consultation on inter alia the enactment of a legislation for regulation of NPD as well as establishment of an authority under NPD Statute, which seeks to regulate the ‘Data Businesses’, which are public and private sector entities who collect, process, store or otherwise manage NPD. Further, it is proposed by Committee under its report to make all meta-data with respect to the NPD, as collected by Data Businesses, available for open access through a directory managed by the relevant authority. Such a framework as proposed under PDP Bill and NPD Report, (a) may restrict our ability to collect, use, disclose and transfer data, (b) may impose restrictions on analysis or inference drawn from such data analytics, and (c) may impose restrictions or additional requirements on businesses such as ours, including disclosure of NPD collected and analyzed, and to provide open access of such information. The implementation of these and other measures may increase our compliance requirements and associated costs and we may need to expend considerable resources in order to remain compliant with such evolving regulatory framework, which may defeat any competitive advantages that we currently have.</mark> 

<mark>Complying with the GDPR, PDP Bill, other laws, regulations, or other obligations relating to privacy, data protection, data localization or security requirements may cause us to incur substantial operational costs or require us to modify our data handling practices. Non-compliance could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or others, could result in substantial fines or other liability, and may otherwise adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results.</mark> 

<mark>In addition to government regulation, self-regulatory standards and other industry standards may legally or contractually apply to us, be argued to apply to us, or we may elect to comply with such standards or to facilitate our clients’ compliance with such standards. For instance, we are required to comply with prevailing applicable regulations on data protection under the terms of the master services agreements, statements of work, and data processing agreements that we enter into with our clients. We also expect that laws, regulations, industry standards and other obligations relating to privacy, data protection and security will continue to evolve, and that there will continue to be new, modified, and re-interpreted laws, regulations, standards, and other obligations in these areas. We cannot yet determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards, or amendments to or re-interpretations of, existing laws and regulations, industry standards, or other obligations may have on our business. New laws, amendments to or re-interpretations of existing laws and regulations, industry standards, and contractual and other obligations may require us to incur additional costs and restrict our business operations. As the interpretation and application of laws, standards, contractual obligations and other obligations relating to privacy and data protection are uncertain, these laws, standards, and contractual and other obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is, or is alleged to be, inconsistent with our data management practices, our policies or procedures, or the features of our offerings. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, lawsuits and other claims, we may find it necessary or appropriate to fundamentally change our business activities and practices, including the establishment of localized data storage or other data processing operations, or modify or cease offering certain offerings either generally or in certain geographic regions, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business. We may be unable to make such changes and modifications in a commercially reasonable manner or at all, and our ability to develop new offerings and features could be limited. Further, the costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, the laws, regulations, and policies that are applicable to the businesses of our clients may limit the use and adoption of, and reduce the overall demand for, our offerings. Any inability to adequately address privacy, data protection or security-related concerns, even if unfounded, or to successfully negotiate privacy, data protection or security-related contractual terms with clients, or to comply with applicable laws, regulations and other obligations relating to privacy, data protection, and security, could result in additional cost and liability to us, damage our reputation, inhibit sales, slow our sales cycles, and adversely affect our business. Privacy and personal security concerns, whether valid or not valid, may inhibit market adoption of our offerings, particularly in certain industries and foreign countries.</mark> 

Any failure or perceived failure by us or our business partners to comply with any applicable data privacy and protection laws and regulations, or any failure by our employees to comply with our relevant internal policies and measures, could subject us to legal proceedings, regulatory actions or penalties. The foregoing failures may also damage our reputation, and discourage current and potential clients from using our services. Any of these could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

41 

**_38. If our third-party service providers are not able to or do not fulfil their service obligations, our operations could be disrupted and our operating results could be harmed._** 

We depend on service providers such as telecommunication companies, data partners and software and hardware vendors, who are critical to our operations, and with whom we have long-term contracts of periods exceeding one year. These service providers are involved in our service offerings, communications and networking equipment, computer hardware and software and related support and maintenance. Our operations could be disrupted if we do not successfully manage relationships with our service providers, if they do not perform or are unable to perform agreed-upon services, or if they are unwilling to make their services available to us at reasonable prices. If our service providers do not perform their service obligations, it could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_39. We currently avail certain tax benefits and are entitled to certain incentives. Any change in these benefits and incentives applicable to us or a delay in disbursement of benefits under such schemes may affect our results of operations._** 

<mark>We currently avail benefits under certain schemes such as a direct tax benefit under section 10AA of the Income tax Act 1961 as our delivery centers are located in a Special Economic Zone. We are also entitled to avail export incentives under the ‘Export from India’ scheme. Such sale of duty script (export incentive from India scheme) amounted to ₹ 47.71 million in Fiscal 2021</mark> and ₹ 38.14 million in Fiscal 2020. 

<mark>Any reduction or withdrawal of such benefits or our inability to meet any of the conditions prescribed under any of the schemes would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, the benefits/ incentives under such schemes are available to us for a fixed period subject to compliance with various terms and conditions and such incentive are not subject to renewal. There can be no assurance that we will continue to enjoy these benefits in the future or will be able to obtain timely disbursement of such benefits.</mark> 

# **_40. Our Company is in process of filing certain forms with respect to allotments of Equity Shares._** 

Our Company has allotted Equity Share to person residents outside India, pursuant to exercise of employee stock options under ESOP 2016, and bonus issue. For details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 68. Pursuant to Foreign Exchange Management (Non-Debt Instruments) Rules, 2019 read with Master Direction – Reporting under Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and other relevant rules and regulations issued by the RBI, our Company is in process of filing the requisite forms with the RBI for Equity Shares allotted to person resident outside India pursuant to bonus issue and ESOP 2016. While we undertake to make requisite form filings within the timelines as prescribed under applicable laws, we cannot assure you that such filings will be approved by the authorised dealers or RBI. Further, we may be subject to late payment fees or penalty in the event we are unable to make requisite filings with the RBI in the prescribed timelines. In the past, we have been subject to late payment fees in relation to delay in submission of form FC-GPRs with RBI on account of allotment of Equity Shares made to person resident outside India pursuant to the exercise of options under ESOP 2016, which was duly paid. We cannot assure you that we will not be subject to any proceedings initiated by the RBI, for any delay is requisite form filings. 

# **_<mark>41. Our Company is unable to trace some of our historical corporate records and other secretarial records</mark>_** 

We are unable to trace board and shareholders resolutions for equity shares allotted by our Company to Adugudi Viswanathan Venkatraman on March 26, 2007, and board resolution for transfer of shares by Adugudi Viswanathan Venkatraman on August 27, 2009, and have accordingly relied on the forms filed with Registrar of Companies for allotment, and share transfer deed executed for the aforesaid transfer, respectively. For details, see “ _Capital Structure - History of the share capital held by our Promoters_ ” on page 71 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, we were unable to trace certain acknowledgements for the secretarial forms filed with the regulatory authority. For instance we were unable to trace challans for forms filed with Registrar of Companies, for (a) change in registered and corporate office of our Company on August 20, 2007 and December 13, 2010; (b) issue of equity shares on March 26, 2007; (c) bonus issuance on May 17, 2010; (d) form filed for sub-division of equity shares of our Company to face value of ₹ 1 each, pursuant to shareholders’ resolution dated May 17, 2010; and (e) allotment of equity shares under the ESOP Plan 2016 on January 17, 2019, and have relied on form filings made with Registrar of Companies and other alternate documents and records available for the purpose of disclosures in this Red Herring Prospectus. For details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 68 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Due to unavailability of aforesaid secretarial records, we are unable to determine the nature of transactions. 

Further, we are unable to trace the board and shareholders resolution for change in our registered office and corporate office in the past and, accordingly, have relied on the forms filed with the Registrar of Companies for change of registered office, for the purpose of disclosures in this Red Herring Prospectus. For details, please see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters_ ” on page 157. We have been unable to trace these documents despite conducting search of our internal records and documents and may be unable to obtain copies of these documents in the future to ascertain details of the relevant transactions. We cannot assure you that the above-mentioned records will be available in the future. We cannot assure that we will not be subject to risks arising from the unavailability of such corporate records. While no legal proceedings or regulatory actions have been initiated or are pending against us in relation to these missing secretarial records and documents, we cannot assure you that such legal 

42 

proceedings or regulatory actions will not be initiated against us in the future or that we would not be subject to relevant penalties imposed by regulatory authorities. 

**_<mark>42. Our offerings may contain third-party open source software components, and failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses could restrict our ability to perform our services.</mark>_** 

We may occasionally rely on software modules licensed to us by third-party authors under “open source” licenses. The use and distribution of open source software may entail greater risks than the use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. Although we typically use commercial versions of software and limit our use of open source software, there can be no assurance that the processes for controlling our use of open source software in our solutions will be effective. If we are held to have breached the terms of an open source software license, we could be required to seek licenses from third-parties to continue offering such affected services on terms that are not economically feasible, to re-engineer these services, to discontinue the sale of such services if re-engineering could not be accomplished on a timely or cost-effective basis, or to make generally available, in source code form, our proprietary code, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_43. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the equity shareholders._** 

We have in entered into transactions with related parties in the past and from, time to time, we may enter into related party transactions in the future. These transactions principally include remuneration to executive Directors and Key Managerial Personnel. For further information relating to our related party transactions, see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Related Parties_ ” on page 226. All such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, in accordance with applicable law and contain commercially reasonable terms. 

While we shall endeavour to conduct all related party transactions post listing of the Equity Shares subject to the Board’s or Shareholders’ approval, as applicable, and in compliance with the applicable accounting standards, provisions of Companies Act, 2013, as amended, provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations and other applicable law, such related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. We will endeavour to duly address such conflicts of interest as and when they may arise. We cannot assure you that these arrangements in the future, or any future related party transactions that we may enter into, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects or may potentially involve any conflict of interest. 

<mark>Set forth below are of our related party transactions:</mark> 

# **_<mark>Key Managerial Personnel Compensation</mark>_** 

||**Three**<br>**ended J**<br>**20**|**Month**<br>**une 30,**<br>**21**|**Three**<br>**ended J**<br>**20**|**Months**<br>**une 30,**<br>**20**|**Fisc**|**al 2021**|**Fisca**|**l 2020**|**Fisc**|**al 2019**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**million)**|**Percent**<br>**age of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operati**<br>**ons (%)**|**Amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**million)**|**Percent**<br>**age of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operati**<br>**ons (%)**|**Amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**million)**|**Percentag**<br>**e of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s (%)**|**Amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**million)**|**Percent**<br>**age of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operati**<br>**ons (%)**|**Amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**million)**|**Percentag**<br>**e of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**<br>**(%)**|
|A.V. Venkatraman|3.75|0.43%|-|<br>-|6.75|0.22%|9.00|0.29%|8.00|0.28%|
|Pramadwathi Jandhyala|3.75|0.43%|1.13|0.15%|6.75|0.22%|9.00|0.29%|8.00|0.28%|
|Gopinath Koteeswaran|-|-|-|<br>-|-|-|-|-|8.00|0.28%|
|Rajan Sethuraman (with<br>effect from April 1, 2019)|3.45|0.39%|1.99|0.27%|7.76|0.25%|7.98|0.26%|-|-|



# **_<mark>Transactions with Subsidiaries</mark>_** 

||**Three M**<br>**June**|**onth ended**<br>**30, 2021**|**Three M**<br>**June**|**onths ended**<br>**30, 2020**|**Fisc**|**al 2021**|**Fisc**|**al 2020**|**Fisc**|**al 2019**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**million)**|**Percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**<br>**(%)**|**Amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**million)**|**Percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**<br>**(%)**|**Amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**million)**|**Percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**<br>**(%)**|**Amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**million)**|**Percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**<br>**(%)**|**Amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**million)**|**Percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**<br>**(%)**|
|**Transaction with Lat**|**entView Anal**|**ytics Limited**|||||||||
|**_LatentView Analytics_**|**_Pte. Ltd., Sing_**|**_apore_**|||||||||



43 

|Sale of services|-|-|-|-|0.47|0.02%|11.75|0.38%|52.97|1.84%|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Reimbursement of<br>|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|1.84|0.06%|
|expenses received|||||||||||
|**_LatentView Analytics Cor_**|**_poration, U_**|**_SA_**|||||||||
|Sale of services|336.35|38.30%|263.79|36.12%|1,276.71|41.74%|1,096.99|35.35%|994.80|34.55%|
|Reimbursement of<br>expenses received|0.68|0.08%|-|-|0.44|0.01%|5.55|0.18%|0.83|0.03%|
|ESOP related balances<br>|-|-|-|-|-|0.00%|0.26|0.01%|14.48|0.50%|
|received<br>**_LatentView Analytics UK_**|**_limited, Un_**|**_ited Kingdom_**|||||||||
|Sale of services|0.94|0.11%|-|-|25.03|0.82%|11.09|0.36%|59.64|2.07%|
|Reimbursement of<br>expenses received|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|0.00%|11.30|0.39%|
|ESOP Related balances<br>received|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|0.00%|0.26|0.01%|
|**_LatentView Analytics B.V_**|**_., Netherlan_**|**_ds_**|||||||||
|Sale of services|-|-|-|-|-|0.00%|28.18|0.91%|31.95|1.11%|
|ESOP related balances<br>received|-|-|-|-|-|0.00%|0.02|0.00%|(0.03)|0.00%|
|**_LatentView Analytics Gm_**|**_bH, Germa_**|**_ny_**|||||||||
|Sale of services|2.39|0.27%|-|-|14.18|0.46%|18.83|0.61%|2.26|0.08%|
|Reimbursement of<br>|-|-|-|-|-|0.00%|0.24|0.01%|0.06|0.00%|
|expenses received|||||||||||
|<br>**Transaction with Latent**|**View Analy**|**tics Pte. Ltd.,**|**Singapore**||||||||
|**_LatentView Analytics Cor_**<br>|**_poration, U_**|**_SA_**|||||||||
|Reimbursement of<br>expenses received|-|-|-|-|-|-|2.86|0.09%|6.12|0.21%|
|<br>**_LatentView Analytics B.V_**|**_., Netherlan_**|**_ds_**|||||||||
|Loan given|-|-|-|-|32.65|1.07%|-|0.00%|25.71|0.89%|
|Loan repayment<br>received|-|-|-|-|5.44|0.18%|25.87|0.83%|-|0.00%|
|Interest income on loan<br>given|0.17|0.02%|-|-|0.52|0.02%|0.54|0.02%|0.46|0.02%|
|<br>**_LatentView Analytics UK_**|**_limited_**||||||||||
|Loan given|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|25.71|0.89%|
|Loan repayment<br>received|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|25.71|0.89%|
|Interest income on loan<br>|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|0.45|0.02%|
|given|||||||||||
|<br>**Transaction with Latent**|**View Analy**|**tics B.V., Neth**|**erlands**||||||||
|<br>**_LatentView Analytics Gm_**|<br>**_bH, Germa_**|<br>**_ny_**|||||||||
|Loan given|-|-|-|-|8.68|0.28%|-|0.00%|16.13|0.56%|
|Loan repayment<br>received|(4.43)|(0.50)%|-|-|(8.68)|(0.28)%|-|0.00%|-|0.00%|
|Interest income on loan<br>|0.10|0.01%|-|-|0.56|0.02%|0.39|0.01%|0.14|0.00%|
|given<br>For further inf|ormation o|n our relate|d party tra|nsactions, s|ee “_Offer_|_Document_ _Su_|_mmary_-_Re_|_lated Party_|_Transacti_|_ons_”|



<mark>” For further information on our related party transactions, see “</mark> _<mark>Offer Document Summary</mark>_ <mark>-</mark> _<mark>Related Party Transactions</mark>_ <mark>on page 15.</mark> 

# **_44. We face ethical and reputational risks associated with the use of our predictive analytics models._** 

As with many developing technologies, AI presents risks and challenges that could affect its further development, adoption, and use, and therefore our business. Our application of predictive analytics models through AI technology and AI powered algorithms may produce biased analysis and discrimination against inquiry subjects in certain stereotypes, such as unequal risk scoring based on characteristics such as gender and so on. Inappropriate or controversial data practices by data scientists, engineers, and end-users of our systems could impair the acceptance of AI solutions. If the recommendations, forecasts, or analyses that AI applications assist in producing are deficient or inaccurate, we could be subjected to competitive harm, potential legal liability, and ethical or reputational harm. 

# **_45. After the completion of the Issue, our Promoters will continue to collectively hold substantial shareholding in our Company._** 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters held 79.30% of the share capital of our Company, for details of their shareholding pre and post Issue, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 71. After the completion of the Issue, our Promoters along with the Promoter Group will continue to collectively hold substantial shareholding in our Company, and will continue to exercise significant influence over our business policies and affairs and all matters requiring Shareholders’ approval, 

44 

including the composition of our Board, the adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation, the approval of mergers, strategic acquisitions or joint ventures or the sales of substantially all of our assets, and the policies for dividends, lending, investments and capital expenditures. This concentration of ownership also may delay, defer or even prevent a change in control of our Company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of these stockholders. In addition, the trading price of the Equity Shares could be materially adversely affected if potential new investors are disinclined to invest in us because they perceive disadvantages to a large shareholding being concentrated in the hands of our Promoters. For further information in relation to the interests of our Promoters in the Company, see _“Our Promoters and Promoter Group”, “Our Management”_ and _“Financial Information”_ on pages 179, 163 and 183 respectively. 

# **_46. If we are subject to any fraud, theft, or embezzlement by our employees, contractors or dealers, it could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our operations may be subject to incidents of theft. We may also encounter some inventory loss on account of employee/ contractor/ dealer/ vendor fraud, theft, or embezzlement. For instance, we have experienced misappropriation of hardware such as laptops by employees. Although we have set up various security measures, such as deployment of security guards and biometric access to our offices, there can be no assurance that we will not experience any fraud, theft, employee negligence, loss in transit or similar incidents in the future or be able to successfully claim under such insurance policies on the occurrence of any such events, which could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_47. Industry information included in this Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from an industry report exclusively commissioned and paid for by us for such purpose at an agreed fee for the purpose of the Offer. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical, financial and other industry information is either complete or accurate._** 

We have availed the services of an third-party research agency, Zinnov, appointed by us on June 13, 2021, to prepare an industry report titled “ _Data & Analytics – Market Analysis, Compete Benchmarking & LatentView Profiling_ ” dated August 11, 2021, for purposes of inclusion of such information in this Red Herring Prospectus. This report is subject to various limitations and based upon certain assumptions that are subjective in nature. While we have taken reasonable care in the reproduction of the information, the information has not been prepared or independently verified by us or any of our or its respective affiliates or advisors and, therefore, we make no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of such facts and statistics. Due to possibly flawed or ineffective collection methods or discrepancies between published information and market practice and other problems, the statistics herein may be inaccurate or may not be comparable to statistics produced for other economies and should not be unduly relied upon. Further, there is no assurance that they are stated or compiled on the same basis or with the same degree of accuracy as may be the case elsewhere. Statements from third parties that involve estimates are subject to change, and actual amounts may differ materially from those included in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_48. Certain Promoters and Directors are interested in our Company’s performance in addition to their remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Certain of our Promoters and Directors are interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses and such interests are to the extent of their shareholding in our Company, their rights to nominate directors on our Board pursuant to such shareholding and the dividends payable and any other distributions in respect of their respective shareholding in our Company. We cannot assure you that our Promoters and Directors will exercise their rights to the benefit and best interest of our Company. For further information on the interest of our Promoters and Directors of our Company, other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or normal remuneration or benefits, see “ _Our Management_ ” and “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group_ ” on pages 163 and 179, respectively. 

# **_49. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

Our Company has not declared dividends in the past. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. For further information, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 182.  The declaration and payment of dividends will be recommended by the Board of Directors and approved by the Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act, 2013. We may retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of the business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. Accordingly, realization of a gain on Shareholders’ investments will depend on the appreciation of the price of the Equity Shares. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will appreciate in value. 

# **_50. Any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders’ approval._** 

We propose to utilise the Net Proceeds towards (i) funding inorganic growth initiatives; (ii) funding working capital requirements of LatentView Analytics Corporation, our Material Subsidiary; (iii) investment in our Subsidiaries to augment their capital base for future growth; and (iv) general corporate purposes. For further information of the proposed objects of the Offer, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 81. At this stage, we cannot determine with any certainty if we would require the Net 

45 

Proceeds to meet any other expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of competitive environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. In accordance with Sections 13(8) and 27 of the Companies Act 2013, we cannot undertake any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds without obtaining the shareholders’ approval through a special resolution. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to undertake variation in the disclosed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain the shareholders’ approval in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such shareholders’ approval may adversely affect our business or operations. 

Further, our Promoters would be required to provide an exit opportunity to Shareholders who do not agree with our proposal to change the objects of the Offer or vary the terms of such contracts, at a price and manner as prescribed by SEBI. Additionally, the requirement on Promoters to provide an exit opportunity to such dissenting shareholders may deter the Promoters from agreeing to the variation of the proposed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. Further, we cannot assure you that the Promoters or the controlling shareholders of our Company will have adequate resources at their disposal at all times to enable them to provide an exit opportunity at the price prescribed by SEBI. 

In light of these factors, we may not be able to undertake variation of objects of the Offer to use any unutilized proceeds of the Offer, if any, or vary the terms of any contract referred to in the Red Herring Prospectus, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. This may restrict our Company’s ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition by re-deploying the unutilised portion of Net Proceeds, if any, or varying the terms of contract, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

# **_51. We have issued Equity Shares at prices that may be lower than the Offer Price in the last 12 months_** . 

Our Company has issued 165,606,350 Equity Shares in the last 12 months at a price which may be lower than the Offer Price. Set forth below are the details of Equity Shares issued in last 12 months: 

|**Date of allotment**|**Number of**<br>**Shares**<br>**allotted**|**Face value**<br>**per Share**<br>**(₹)**|**Issue price**<br>**per Share**<br>**(₹)**|**Reasons for allotment**|**Part of the**<br>**Promoter**<br>**Group**<br>**(Yes/No)**|**Nature of**<br>**consideration**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|January 25, 2021|17,500|1|132|Allotment upon exercise<br>of options under ESOP Plan<br>2016<sup>(1)</sup>|No|Cash|
|March 15, 2021|3,000|1|132|Allotment upon exercise<br>of options under ESOP Plan<br>2016<sup>(2)</sup>|No|Cash|
|May 1, 2021|9,250|1|132|Allotment upon exercise<br>of options under ESOP Plan<br>2016<sup>(3)</sup>|No|Cash|
|July 9, 2021|66,350|1|132|Allotment upon exercise<br>of options under ESOP Plan<br>2016<sup>(4)</sup>|No|Cash|
|July 20, 2021|5,750|1|132|Allotment upon exercise<br>of options under ESOP Plan<br>2016<sup>(5)</sup>|No|Cash|
|July 27, 2021|28,000|1|132|Allotment upon exercise<br>of options under ESOP Plan<br>2016<sup>(6)</sup>|No|Cash|
|August 3, 2021|28,000|1|132|Allotment upon exercise<br>of options under ESOP Plan<br>2016 <sup>(7)</sup>|No|Cash|
|August 5, 2021|165,448,50<br>0|1|N.A.|Bonus Issue<sup>(8)</sup>|Yes, to the<br>extent of the<br>shares allotted<br>to Promoters<br>pursuant to<br>Bonus Issue.|N.A.|



_(1) Vijaya Sundarapandiyan Ganesan was allotted 5,000 Equity Shares, M Sathyamoorthy was allotted 6,250 Equity Shares and S Shenbaga Kumar was allotted 6,250 Equity Shares._ 

_(2) Karthikeyan Sankaran was allotted 3,000 Equity Shares._ 

> _(3) Ganesh Sankaran was allotted 9,250 Equity Shares._ 

_(4) Subhasri was allotted 15,000 Equity Shares, Thomas Patrick Arun Kumar was allotted 18,750 Equity Shares, Muni Kumar was allotted 4,000 Equity Shares, Poornima Shankar was allotted 3,000 Equity Shares, Mahadevan Balakrishnan was allotted 7,000 Equity Shares, Anna Titus George was allotted 2,600 Equity Shares, Gowdhaman Jothilingam was allotted 4,000 Equity Shares, Ganesh Sankaralingam was allotted 1,000 Equity Shares, Rajan Sethuraman was allotted 11,000 Equity Shares._ 

> _(5) Venkatramireddy Koppula was allotted 1,250 Equity Shares, Gnanadeepan Saravanan was allotted 2,000 Equity Shares, and Joseph Mathew was allotted 2,500 Equity Shares._ 

> _(6) Krishnan Bhavani Venkata was allotted 20,000 Equity Shares, Manimaran Suresh was allotted 2,000 Equity Shares, Muthuraman Muthubabu was allotted 2,000 Equity Shares, Boobesh Ra madurai was allotted 4,000 Equity Shares._ 

46 

- _(7) Sanjana Hariharan was allotted 8,000 Equity Shares, Shalabh was allotted 10,000 Equity Shares, Sachin Chadha was allotted 2,500 Equity Shares, Karthikeyan Muthurajan was allotted 2,500 Equity Shares, Vinu Narayanan was allotted 2,500 Equity Shares, Vignesh Poovan was allotted 2,500 Equity Shares._ 

- _(8) Bonus issue in the ratio of 20 Equity Shares for every one Equity Share, was undertaken through the capitalisation of the free reserves of our Company pursuant to resolution of the shareholders passed in the extra ordinary general meeting held on August 3, 2021 and 165,448,500 Equity Shares were allotted pursuant to bonus issue to persons who were the shareholders of our Company as on August 5, 2021._ 

For further information, see “ _Capital Structure – Notes to Capital Structure_ ” on page 68. 

# **_52. Our clients may engage in certain transactions in or with countries or persons that are subject to U.S. and other sanctions._** 

U.S. law generally prohibits U.S. persons from directly or indirectly investing or otherwise doing business in or with certain countries that are the subject of comprehensive sanctions and with certain persons or businesses that have been specially designated by the OFAC or other U.S. government agencies. Other governments and international or regional organizations also administer similar economic sanctions. We provide services to our clients, who may be doing business with, or located in, countries to which certain OFAC-administered and other sanctions apply, such as Iran. Although we believe we have compliance systems in place that are sufficient to block prohibited transactions, there can be no assurance that we will be able to fully monitor all of our transactions for any potential violation. Although we do not believe that we are in violation of any applicable sanctions, if it were determined that transactions in which we participate violate U.S. or other sanctions, we could be subject to U.S. or other penalties, and our reputation and future business prospects in the United States or with U.S. persons, or in other jurisdictions, could be adversely affected. We rely on our staff to be up-to-date and aware of the latest sanctions in place. Further, investors in the Equity Shares could incur reputational or other risks as the result of our clients’ dealings in or with countries or with persons that are the subject of U.S. sanctions. 

# **_53. Certain of our subsidiaries have not been audited by our Statutory Auditors._** 

Our Statutory Auditors have indicated in their examination report that four of our Subsidiaries (including step down Subsidiaries) were not audited by them. The share of total assets, total revenues, net cash inflows / (outflows) included in the consolidated financial statements for the relevant years was as below: 

|Particulars|As at / for the three<br>months ended June<br>30, 2021|As at / for the three<br>months ended June<br>30, 2020|As at / for the year<br>ended March 31,<br>2021|As at / for the year<br>ended March 31,<br>2020|As at / for the year<br>ended March 31,<br>2019<br>_(₹ million_)|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Total assets|232.41|194.75|257.66|192.09|230.14|
|Total revenue|24.23|21.25|100.44|160.73|257.03|
|Net cash inflows /|5.14|22.85|29.33|18.88|5.58|
|(outflows)||||||



The financial information of these Subsidiaries has been restated by our Company for the purposes of including in the Restated Consolidated Financial Information. These financial statements have been audited by other auditors and the reports have been furnished to the Statutory Auditors by our Company. While the opinion of the Statutory Auditors on the Restated Consolidated Financial Information is not modified in respect of such Subsidiaries, there can be no assurance that the opinion of our Statutory Auditors in respect of entities not audited by them will not be modified in future. 

# **External Risk Factors** 

# **_Risks Relating to India_** 

**_54. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located elsewhere, including India. Adverse economic developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficit, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 

We are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in which we operate. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. Demand for our services may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional and global economies. Economic growth in the countries in which we operate is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports, global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, and volatility in exchange currency rates. Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations and financial 

47 

condition. Also, a change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could adversely affect economic conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular and high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our revenues, and as such decrease our operating margins. 

# **_55. Natural disasters, fires, epidemics, pandemics, acts of war, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other events could materially and adversely affect our business._** 

The long-term effects of climate change on the global economy and the technology industry in particular are unclear, however we recognize that there are inherent climate related risks wherever business is conducted. Natural disasters (such as typhoons, flooding and earthquakes), epidemics, pandemics such as COVID-19, acts of war, terrorist attacks and other events, many of which are beyond our control, may lead to economic instability, including in India or globally, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations may be adversely affected by fires, natural disasters and/or severe weather, which can result in damage to our property and generally reduce our productivity and may require us to evacuate personnel and suspend operations. Any terrorist attacks or civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic and political events in India or countries where we have operations could have a negative effect on us. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the price of the Equity Shares. A number of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to contagious diseases and, for example, have had confirmed cases of diseases such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID-19 virus. A worsening of the current outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic or future outbreaks of COVID-19 virus or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the Indian economy and economic activity in the region. As a result, any present or future outbreak of a contagious disease could have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_56. A downgrade in ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. India’s sovereign rating by Moody’s is Baa3 with a “positive” outlook; and by DBRS is BBB (low) “positive”. India’s sovereign ratings from S&P is BBB-with a “stable” outlook. Any further adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_57. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia,  Russia  and elsewhere  in  the  world  in  recent  years  has  adversely  affected  the  Indian  economy.  Any worldwide  financial  instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby negatively affect the Indian  economy. Financial disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on our  principal markets. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and  volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. Following the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union (“ **Brexit** ”), there remains significant uncertainty around the terms of their  future relationship with the European Union and, more generally, as to the impact of Brexit on the general economic   conditions in the United Kingdom and the European Union and any consequential impact on global financial markets.  For  example, Brexit could give rise to increased volatility in foreign exchange rate movements and the value of equity and debt investments. 

In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy as well as a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. In  response  to  such  developments,  legislators  and  financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term  effect  of  these  and  other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing  effects. Any significant financial disruption could have a  material adverse  effect  on  our  business, financial condition and results of operation. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

48 

**_58. If there is any change in laws or regulations, including taxation laws, or their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect our financial statements._** 

Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by unfavourable changes in, or interpretations of existing laws, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations applicable to us and our business. For further details, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 152. 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. There can be no assurance that the Government of India may not implement new regulations and policies which will require us to obtain approvals and licenses from the Government and other regulatory bodies, or impose onerous requirements, conditions, costs and expenditures on our operations. Any such changes and the related uncertainties with respect to the implementation of the new regulations may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, we may have to incur capital expenditures to comply with the requirements of any new regulations, which may also materially harm our results of operations and cash flows. Any changes to such laws, including the instances briefly mentioned below, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Any change in Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. For instance, the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Ordinance, 2019, a new tax ordinance issued by India’s Ministry of Finance on September 20, 2019, prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. According to this new ordinance, companies can henceforth voluntarily opt in favor of a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which would ultimately reduce the effective tax rate for Indian companies from 34.94% to approximately 25.17%. Any such future amendments may affect our ability to claim exemptions that we have historically benefited from, and such exemptions may no longer be available to us. 

The Finance Act, 2020 (“ **Finance Act** ”), has, amongst others things, provided a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime, including, without limitation, a simplified alternate direct tax regime and that dividend distribution tax ( **“DDT** ”), will not be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident and are likely be subject to tax deduction at source. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source from such dividend. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. 

In addition, we are subject to tax related inquiries and claims. We may be particularly affected by claims from tax authorities on account of income tax assessment, service tax and GST that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into one unified rate of interest with effect from July 1, 2017. 

Further, the Government of India has announced the union budget for the Fiscal 2022, pursuant to which the Finance Bill, 2021 (“ **Finance Bill** ”) has introduced various amendments. The Finance Bill has received assent from the President of India on March 28, 2021, and has been enacted as the Finance Act, 2021 (“ **Finance Act** ”). We have not fully determined the impact of these recent and proposed laws and regulations on our business. We cannot predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Act would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. The Finance Act has also clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer of consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. 

We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors in relation to the consequences of investing in the Equity Shares. 

**_59. If inflation were to rise in India or in other countries where we operate, we might not be able to increase the prices of our services at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our clients thereby reducing our margins._** 

Inflation rates have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of transportation, wages, raw materials and other expenses relevant to our business. 

High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our clients, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs 

49 

or increase the price of our services to pass the increase in costs on to our clients. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Further, the Government of India has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

# **_60. A third party could be prevented from acquiring control of us post this Offer, because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian law._** 

As a listed Indian entity, there are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company. Under the Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company subsequent to completion of the Offer. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to our shareholders, such a takeover may not be attempted or consummated because of Takeover Regulations. 

# **_61. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us._** 

Our Company is a company incorporated under the laws of India. A majority of our Company’s Directors and officers are residents of India and a substantial portion of our assets and such persons are located in India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce judgments obtained against such parties outside India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if that court was of the view that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy, or if judgments are in breach or contrary to Indian law. In addition, a party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain approval from the RBI to execute such a judgment or to repatriate outside India any amounts recovered. 

Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13 and Section 44A of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908. India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with only a limited number of jurisdictions, such as the United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong. In order to be enforceable, a judgment from a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements established in the Indian Code of Civil Procedure, 1908. The CPC only permits the enforcement and execution of monetary decrees in the reciprocating jurisdiction, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India, including the United States, cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of  money  rendered  by  any  court  in  a  non-reciprocating territory  for  civil  liability,  whether  or  not  predicated  solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be directly enforceable in India. The party in whose favour a final foreign judgment in a non-reciprocating territory is rendered may bring a fresh suit in a competent court in India based on the final judgment within three years of obtaining such final judgment. However, it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or inconsistent with the public policy in India. 

# **_Risks Relating to the Equity Shares and this Offer_** 

# **_62. The trading volume and market price of the Equity Shares may be volatile following the Offer._** 

The market price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate as a result of, among other things, the following factors, some of which are beyond our control: 

- quarterly variations in our results of operations; 

- results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

- results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 

- changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by research analysts and investors; 

- a change in research analysts’ recommendations; 

- announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments; 

- announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us; 

50 

- new laws and governmental regulations applicable to our industry; 

- additions or departures of key management personnel; 

- changes in exchange rates; 

- fluctuations in stock market prices and volume; and 

- general economic and stock market conditions. 

Changes in relation to any of the factors listed above could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_63. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 91 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that you will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

# **_64. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will be listed on the BSE and NSE in a timely manner or at all._** 

In accordance with Indian law and practice, permission for listing and trading of our Equity Shares will not be granted until after certain actions have been completed in relation to this Offer and until Allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to this Offer. 

In accordance with current regulations and circulars issued by SEBI, our Equity Shares are required to be listed on the BSE and NSE within such time as mandated under UPI Circulars, subject to any change in the prescribed timeline in this regard. However, we cannot assure you that the trading in our Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner or at all. Any failure or delay in obtaining final listing and trading approvals may restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares. 

**_65. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and the Offer may not result in an active or liquid market for the Equity Shares. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and the investors may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the stock exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India and volatility in the Stock Exchanges and securities markets elsewhere in the world. 

# **_66. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of income arising on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares held as investments in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Any capital gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares on a Stock Exchange held for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to long term capital gains in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as whether the sale is undertaken on or off the Stock Exchanges, the quantum of gains and any available treaty relief. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of Securities Transaction Tax (“ **STT** ”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. Further, any capital gains realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will not be chargeable to tax in India in cases where relief from such taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident and the seller is entitled to avail benefits thereunder. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

Similarly, any business income realised from the transfer of Equity Shares held as trading assets is taxable at the applicable tax rates subject to any treaty relief, if applicable, to a non-resident seller. Additionally,  in  terms  of  the  Finance  Act,  2018, which  has  been  notified  on  March  29,  2018  with  effect  from April 1, 2018, the tax payable by an assessee on the capital gains arising from transfer of long term capital asset (introduced as section 112A of the Income-Tax Act, 1961) shall be calculated on such long-term capital gains at the  rate  of  10%,  where  the  long-term capital gains exceed ₹100,000, subject to certain exceptions in case of a resident individuals and HUF. 

51 

**_67. Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Offer._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited with the Equity Shares within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately six Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise any delay in commencing trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

**_68. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked instruments by us may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering of Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares including through exercise of employee stock options, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us or sales of our Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that we will not issue Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares or that our Shareholders will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

**_69. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as Indian GAAP, U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which investors may be more familiar with and may consider material to their assessment of our financial condition._** 

Our Restated Consolidated Financial Information for Fiscal 2019, 2020 and 2021, and for <mark>the three  months ended June 30, 2020 and June 30 2021 h</mark> ave been prepared and presented in conformity with Ind AS. Ind AS differs in certain significant respects from Indian GAAP, IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. If our Restated Consolidated Financial Information were to be prepared in accordance with such other accounting principles, our results of operations, cash flows and financial position may be substantially different. Prospective investors should review the accounting policies applied in the preparation of our financial statements, and consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between these accounting principles and those with which they may be more familiar. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

**_70. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after the submission of their Bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after closure of the Bid/ Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/ Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until the Bid/ Offer Closing Date. While we are required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within six Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by the SEBI, events affecting the investors’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events may limit the Investors’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

**_71. The requirements of being a publicly listed company may strain our resources._** 

52 

We are not a publicly listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the SEBI Listing Regulations, which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. 

Further, as a publicly listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

# **_72. Compliance with provisions of Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act may affect payments on the Equity Shares._** 

The U.S. “Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act” (or “ **FATCA** ”) imposes a new reporting regime and potentially, imposes a 30% withholding tax on certain “foreign passthru payments” made by certain non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries). 

If payments on the Equity Shares are made by such non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries), this withholding may be imposed on such payments if made to any non-U.S. financial institution (including an intermediary) that is not otherwise exempt from FATCA or other holders who do not provide sufficient identifying information to the payer, to the extent such payments are considered “foreign passthru payments”. Under current guidance, the term “foreign passthru payment” is not defined and it is therefore not clear whether and to what extent payments on the Equity Shares would be considered “foreign passthru payments”. The United States has entered into intergovernmental agreements with many jurisdictions (including India) that modify the FATCA withholding regime described above. It is not yet clear how the intergovernmental agreements between the United States and these jurisdictions will address “foreign passthru payments” and whether such agreements will require us or other financial institutions to withhold or report on payments on the Equity Shares to the extent they are treated as “foreign passthru payments”. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the consequences of FATCA, or any intergovernmental agreement or non-U.S. legislation implementing FATCA, to their investment in Equity Shares. 

# **_73. U.S. holders should consider the impact of the passive foreign investment company rules in connection with an investment in our Equity Shares._** 

A foreign corporation will be treated as a passive foreign investment company (“ **PFIC** ”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes for any taxable year in which either: (i) at least 75% of its gross income is “passive income” or (ii) at least 50% of its gross assets during the taxable year (based on of the quarterly values of the assets during a taxable year) are “passive assets,” which generally means that they produce passive income or are held for the production of passive income. 

Our Company believes it was not a PFIC for fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, and does not expect to be a PFIC for the current year or any future years. However, no assurance can be given that our Company will or will not be considered a PFIC in the current or future years. The determination of whether or not our Company is a PFIC is a factual determination that is made annually after the end of each taxable year, and there can be no assurance that our Company will not be considered a PFIC in the current taxable year or any future taxable year because, among other reasons, (i) the composition of our Company’s income and assets will vary over time, and (ii) the manner of the application of relevant rules is uncertain in several respects. Further, our Company’s PFIC status may depend on the market price of its Equity Shares, which may fluctuate considerably. 

53 

