# **SECTION III - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all of the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks and uncertainties described in this section are not the only risks that we currently face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows and/or financial condition. If any or a combination of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected, the price of the Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment._ 

_In making an investment decision, as prospective investors, you must rely on your own examination of us and the terms of the Offer, including the merits and the risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial, legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. The financial and other related implications of the risks described in this section, have been disclosed to the extent quantifiable as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. This section should be read in conjunction with the sections titled “Industry Overview”, “Our Business”, “Restated Consolidated Financial Statements” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations” beginning on pages 131, 164, 233 and 302, respectively, of this Red Herring Prospectus, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including the considerations described in this section and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. See “Forward Looking Statements” on page 19 of this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_Unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information used in this section is derived from the Restated Consolidated Financial Statements. See “Restated Consolidated Financial Statements” on page 233._ 

# **INTERNAL RISKS** 

**1.** **_The continuing impact of the outbreak of the COVID-19 could have a significant effect on our operations, and could negatively impact our business, revenues, financial condition and results of operations._** 

The outbreak of COVID-19 was recognized as a public health emergency of international concern on January 30, 2020 and as a pandemic by the WHO on March 11, 2020. In response to the COVID-19 outbreak, the governments of many countries, had/have taken preventive or protective actions, such as imposing countrywide lockdowns, as well as restrictions on travel and business operations. The Government of India had announced a nation-wide lockdown on March 24, 2020 and imposed several restrictions. While progressive relaxations have since been granted for movement of goods and people and cautious re-opening of businesses and offices, lockdowns may be re-introduced in the future. Certain countries have reinstated lockdown conditions due to a “second wave” of the COVID-19 outbreak and the Central Government and State Governments may reinstate complete lockdown conditions or impose additional restrictions. 

A number of governments and organizations have revised GDP growth forecasts downwards in response to the economic slowdown caused by the spread of COVID-19, and it is possible that the COVID-19 pandemic will cause a prolonged global economic crisis or recession. India’s GDP is expected to contract by 10.3% in Fiscal 2021 – for the first time in four decades (source: Frost & Sullivan Report). 

The global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has been rapidly evolving and public health officials and governmental authorities have reacted by taking measures, including in the regions in which we operate, such as prohibiting people from assembling in heavily populated areas, instituting quarantines, restricting travel, issuing lockdown orders and restricting the types of businesses that may continue to operate, ‘stay-at-home’ orders, and enforcing remote working regulations. These measures have led to a significant decline in economic activities. No prediction can be made of when any of the restrictions currently in place will be relaxed or when further restrictions will be announced. Although some governments are beginning to ease or lift such restrictions, the impact from the severe disruptions caused by the effective shutdown of large segments of the global economy remain unknown. 

27 

Many leading chemical manufacturers have reduced capital and operational expenditure to address the crisis and capacity utilizations had scaled down to 40%-60% capacity due to labour shortages and disruptions in the supply of raw material since March, however companies are slowly getting back to pre-Covid levels (source: Frost & Sullivan Report). Planned capacity expansions are expected to be delayed by a couple of quarters due to financial stress on investors. This factor adds further stress owing to non-availability of migrant labour, which requires the government to intervene, else will cause further delays (source: Frost & Sullivan Report). 

Since certain of our products find application in pharmaceutical and agrochemical industries, such products were considered as “essential goods” and we were able to continue manufacturing operations during the lockdown. During the six months ended September 30, 2020 and Fiscal 2020, 33.98% and 35.70%, respectively, of our Company’s revenue from sale of manufactured products and services (on a standalone basis) was from customers operating in the pharmaceuticals industry, while 13.97% and 14.44%, respectively, of our Company’s revenue from sale of manufactured products and services (on a standalone basis) was from customers operating in the agrochemicals industry. For details of the contribution of the key industries our Company caters to, to our Company’s total revenue from sale of manufactured products and services (on a standalone basis), see “ _Our Business-Our Strengths- Diversified customer base across high growth industries and long-standing relationships with marquee customers_ ” on page 167. 

While our AI Manufacturing Facility has remained fully operational, during the lockdown, the SI Manufacturing Facility was strategically shut down by us for a period of 15 days. Post April 15, 2020, the AI Manufacturing Facility and SI Manufacturing Facility have been fully operational. We have implemented greater safety procedures and requirements at our Manufacturing Facilities to meet the government’s requirement on sanitisation, and social distancing. However, due to limited availability of labour, logistics and supply chain constraints, our Manufacturing Facilities were initially operating at sub-optimal capacity utilization until mid-May 2020. Subsequently, our capacity utilization has improved, raw material suppliers have resumed operations and supply and logistics have become more regular. The details of capacity utilisation at our Manufacturing Facilities during the period from March 1, 2020 to April 30, 2020, and the period from May 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020 are set forth below: 

|**Manufacturing Facility**|**Capacity utilisation from**<br>**March 1, 2020 till April 30,**|**Capacity utilisation from**<br>**May 1, 2020 till December 31,**|
|---|---|---|
||**2020 (in %)**|**2020 (in %)**|
|AI Manufacturing Facility|75.66|78.55|
|SI ManufacturingFacility|41.06|67.50|



_Note: Capacity utilization has been calculated on the basis of actual production in the relevant period divided by the installed production capacity available for the relevant period. For further details in connection with the installed and utilised capacity at our Manufacturing Facilities, please see “Our Business - Our Manufacturing Facilities and Distilleries” on page 176._ 

We have not terminated any lease deed or laid-off any employees and have not withheld any payments to employees as a consequence of the COVID-19. We have continued selling products to our customers and during the six months ended September 30, 2020, our revenue from operations on a consolidated basis was ` 8,134.06 million, including sales of products aggregating to ` 8,060.19 million. 

However, the scale of the pandemic and the extent to which the local and global community has been impacted, our quarterly and annual revenue growth rates and expenses as a percentage of our revenues, may differ significantly from our historical rates, and our future operating results may fall below expectations. The impact of the pandemic on our business, operations and future financial performance include, but are not limited to the following: 

- our ability to travel, interact with potential customers, pursue partnerships and other business transactions; 

- our inability to source key raw materials as a result of the temporary or permanent closure of the facilities of suppliers of our key raw materials; 

- a portion of our workforce being unable to work, including because of travel or government restrictions in connection with COVID-19, including stay at home order, which could result in a slowdown in our operations; 

- our strategic projects/ proposed products becoming delayed, including the relocation of assets acquired from Miteni and the construction of the Proposed Facility; 

28 

- delays in orders or delivery of orders, which may negatively impact our cash conversion cycle and ability to convert our backlog into cash; 

- inability to collect full or partial payments from customers due to deterioration in customer liquidity; 

- uncertainty as to what conditions must be satisfied before government authorities completely lift lockdown orders; and 

- the potential negative impact on the health of our employees, particularly if a significant number of them are afflicted by COVID-19, could result in a deterioration in our ability to ensure business continuity during this disruption. 

Further, we generate our revenues from different geographies due to exports. The effects of COVID-19 in India and the geographies we operate in may last for different duration or have different magnitude in different countries which may make it difficult for us to normalise the operations. 

Any resulting financial impact due to the above cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. The extent to which the COVID-19 impacts our business and results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, such as new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions taken globally to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. There is currently substantial medical uncertainty regarding COVID-19 and while government-certified vaccines have been introduced, the efficacy of the vaccine and the timeline within which the same will be administered remains uncertain. In addition, we cannot predict the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our customers, suppliers and other business partners, and each of their financial conditions; however, any material effect on these parties could adversely impact us. Existing insurance coverage may not provide protection for all costs that may arise from all such possible events. To the extent that the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this “ _Risk Factors_ ” section. 

As a result of these uncertainties, the impact may vary significantly from that estimated by our management from time to time, and any action to contain or mitigate such impact, whether government-mandated or opted by us, may not have the anticipated effect or may fail to achieve its intended purpose altogether. 

**2.** **_A large part of our manufacturing facilities are located in one geographic area and therefore, any localized social unrest, natural disaster or breakdown of services or any other natural disaster in and around Mahad, Maharashtra or any disruption in production at, or shutdown of, our Manufacturing Facilities could have material adverse effect on our business and financial condition._** 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Manufacturing Facilities (including the captive power plant housed in the AI Manufacturing Facility) located in Mahad, Maharashtra within a distance of less than two kilometres of each other. Accordingly, a large part of our current manufacturing operations is largely concentrated in one geographic area. Further, we are in the process of acquiring AHPL and the manufacturing facility of YCPL, the wholly owned subsidiary of AHPL, is also located in Mahad, Maharashtra. We are also in the process of setting up the Proposed Facility for fluorospecialty chemicals, which will also be located in Lote Parshuram, Maharashtra. We also have two Distilleries located in Maharashtra. 

Our manufacturing operations and consequently our business is dependent upon our ability to manage the Manufacturing Facilities, which is subject to operating risks, including those beyond our control. In the event of any disruptions at our Manufacturing Facilities, due to natural or man-made disasters, workforce disruptions, delay in regulatory approvals, fire, failure of machinery, lack of continued access to assured supply of electrical power and water at reasonable costs, changes in the policies of the states or local government or authorities or any significant social, political or economic disturbances or civil disruptions in and around Mahad, Maharashtra, our ability to manufacture our products may be adversely affected. 

In addition to the loss as a result of a fire or industrial accident, any shutdown of our Manufacturing Facilities could result in us being unable to meet with our commitments, result in modification of our business strategy, or require us to incur significant capital expenditure, which will have an adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. For instance, in the recent past heavy flooding resulted in loss of inventory and damage to certain plant and machinery at the SI Manufacturing Facility and temporary closure of the SI Manufacturing Facility. Furthermore, during the three calendar years preceding the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there have been two instances of temporary closure of the AI Manufacturing Facility due 

29 

to power failure and three instances of temporary closure of the SI Manufacturing Facility due to the COVID pandemic and flooding. For details with respect to the flooding of the SI Manufacturing Facility during Fiscal 2020, see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Statements- Note 4.6. Other Financial Assets (Current)_ ” on page 265. 

Disruptions in and around our Manufacturing Facilities could delay production or require us to shut down the Manufacturing Facilities. Any contravention of or non-compliance with the terms of various regulatory approvals applicable to the Manufacturing Facilities may also require us to cease or limit production until such non-compliance is remedied to the satisfaction of relevant regulatory authorities. We cannot assure you that we will not experience work disruptions in the future resulting from any dispute with our employees or other problems associated with our employees and the labour involved in our Manufacturing Facilities, which may hinder our regular operating activities and lead to disruptions in our operations, which could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

**3.** **_We are in the process of setting up the Proposed Facility for manufacturing of fluorospecialty chemicals. Such fluorospecialty chemicals, a new product line, may not be accepted by our customers and/or may not be profitable or achieve the profitability that justifies our investment, which may have an adverse impact on our prospects, growth, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We intend to expand our product portfolio by including fluorospecialty chemicals, a new product line, and are in the process of setting up the Proposed Facility. The assets acquired from Miteni shall be relocated to the Proposed Facility. The fluorospecialty chemicals we propose to manufacture find application in _inter alia_ the pharmaceuticals, agrochemical, aerospace and automobile industries. For further details, see “ _Our Business- Our Strategies_ ” on page 171. 

While we intend to leverage our relationships with customers of our Acetyl Intermediates and Specialty Intermediates, we cannot assure you that the fluorospecialty chemicals proposed to be manufactured by us will be accepted by our customers. Certain customers may require us to be specifically empanelled with them for the supply of the fluorospecialty chemicals and may undertake a detailed examination of our Proposed Facility and samples of our products prior to empanelling us as suppliers of the fluorospecialty chemicals. Our fluorospecialty chemicals may not meet the specification, requirements or standards of potential customers and we may not be able to compete with established fluorospecialty chemical manufacturers. Our proposed fluorospecialty chemicals business will involve complex chemistries and existing manufacturers of such products will be more experienced and have established relationships with customers in this space. 

Further, there can be no assurance that we will be able to sell sufficient quantities of fluorospecialty chemicals at the prices required for it to be profitable or to achieve the profitability that justifies our investment. If the fluorospecialty chemicals proposed to be manufactured by us are not profitable, we may be required to incur additional expenditure to support it. The failure of the fluorospecialty chemical business to be profitable or to achieve the profitability that justifies our investment, may have an adverse impact on our prospects, growth, results of operations and financial condition. 

**4.** **_Any inability on our part to manage our growth or implement our strategies effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We cannot assure you that our growth strategy will continue to be successful or that we will be able to continue to expand our operations. Our growth strategies are subject to and involve risks and difficulties, many of which are beyond our control and, accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will be able to implement our strategies or growth plans or complete them within the budgeted cost and timelines. 

We currently intend to _inter alia_ expand our manufacturing capacity, expand and optimise our product offerings, develop our fluorospecialty chemicals business, increase our global footprint and augment sales in current geographies and continue our focus on research and development. For further details in relation to such strategies see “ _Our Business- Our Strategies”_ on page 171. Such strategies are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. For details, see risk factor no. 5, risk factor no. 11, risk factor no. 20, risk factor no. 21 in this section on pages 31, 35, 39 and 40. 

Expansion of operations increases the challenges involved in _inter alia_ making accurate assessments of the 

30 

resources we require, acquiring new customers and increasing or maintaining contribution from existing customers, procuring raw materials at cheap cost, recruiting, training and retaining sufficient skilled personnel, maintaining high levels of customer satisfaction and adhering to expected performance and quality standards. 

Pursuant to changes in market conditions, industry dynamics, technological improvements, changes in regulatory or trading policies or changes therein and other relevant factors, our growth strategies and plans may undergo changes or modifications, and such changes or modifications may be substantial, and may even include limiting or foregoing growth opportunities if the situation so demands. Additionally, there can be no assurance that debt or equity financing or our internal accruals will be available or sufficient to meet the funding of our growth plans in the future. 

Further, as we grow, we may encounter additional challenges to our global network supply chain, internal processes, financing capabilities and regulatory compliance. Our existing operations, personnel, systems and internal controls may not be adequate to support our growth and may require us to make additional unanticipated investments in our infrastructure. To manage the future growth of our operations, we will be required to improve our administrative, operational and financial systems, procedures and controls, and expand, train and manage our growing employee base. 

Any inability on our part to manage our growth or implement our strategies effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If, for any reason, the benefits we realize are less than our estimates or the implementation of these growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans adversely affect our operations or cost more or take longer to effectuate than we expect, or if our assumptions prove inaccurate, our results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 

**5.** **_If our research and development efforts do not succeed, we may not be able to improve our existing products and/or introduce new products, which could adversely affect our results of operations, growth and prospects. Further, any failure to commercialize our new products may adversely impact our business, operating results and future prospectus._** 

We believe that our focus on product innovation and newer technologies through continuous development has been critical to the growth of our business and has improved our ability to customize our products for our customer. We review the performance of our existing products and the manufacturing processes and take necessary actions to improve functionality and/or efficiency and also identify potential products based on inputs from the business development teams. To accomplish this, we commit substantial effort, funds and other resources towards our research and development activities and have currently set- up two DSIR recognized research and development facilities (including the Rabale Innovation Centre) which is supported by our in-house research and development team. However, we cannot assure you that in the future, we will be able to successfully make timely and cost-effective enhancements and additions to our current research and development team and technological infrastructures. Further, in the six months ended September 30, 2020 and the Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, we have incurred research and development expenditure on a consolidated basis aggregating to ` 40.92 million, ` 86.15 million ` 31.20 million and ` 84.30 million, respectively, including capital expenditure on a consolidated basis of ` 1.07 million, ` 11.28 million, ` 10.60 million and ` 58.44 million respectively, which represented 0.53%, 0.57%, 0.20% and 0.60% of our total expenses on a consolidated basis for the respective period/financial years. For further details, see “ _Our Business-Research and Development_ ” on page 179. 

While we have an existing track record of concept to commercialization, the process of developing new products takes a significant amount of time and investment from the stage of identification till the launch of the product. Research and development in the specialty chemicals industry may be expensive and prolonged and entails considerable uncertainty as to its returns and results. At any point in time due to either failure of a particular step or commercial unviability of our product, the research and development activities related to such product may be suspended or discontinued. Our ongoing investments in new product launches and research and development for future products could result in higher costs without a proportionate increase in revenues. There can be no assurance that our expenditure on research and development activities will yield proportionate results of substantial commercial value or commercially viable products may be developed or launched as a result of such research and development activities. 

31 

Further, products developed as a result of our research and development activities will only be profitable if they can be commercialized. Before we can commercialize a new product, we must also simultaneously scale up our production to increase or change our production capacity. Our ability to successfully introduce new and innovative products also depends on our ability to adapt and invest in new technologies. There can be no assurance that we will be able to scale up our production or make timely investments in technological improvements in order to commercialize new products in a timely manner. Failure to predict and respond effectively to this competition could render our existing, new or candidate products less competitive in terms of price and quality. Delays or failure in developing new or commercially viable products could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**6.** **_Any increase in the cost of our raw material or other purchases or a shortfall in the supply of our raw materials, may adversely affect the pricing and supply of our products and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The success of our operations depends on a variety of factors, including our ability to source raw materials at competitive prices. In the six months ended September 30, 2020 and Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, our cost of raw materials consumed constituted 46.41%, 52.64%, 60.18% and 51.12%, respectively, of our total expenses on a consolidated basis. Raw material supply and pricing can be volatile due to a number of factors beyond our control, including demand and supply, general economic and political conditions, transportation and labour costs, natural disasters, pandemics, competition and there are inherent uncertainties in estimating such variables, regardless of the methodologies and assumptions that we may use. 

We seek to source our raw materials from reputed suppliers and typically seek quotations from multiple suppliers. However, due to volatility in supply and prices, we do not typically enter into long-term agreements with our suppliers. We may be required to track the supply demand dynamics and regularly negotiate prices with our suppliers in case of significant fluctuations in raw material prices or foreign currency fluctuations. Acetic acid, a common raw material for our Acetyl Intermediates and Specialty Intermediates has historically witnessed significant volatility in prices. Further, availability of ethanol, which also a common raw material across the Acetyl Intermediates and Specialty Intermediates, is dependent on monsoons and consequently, depicts seasonality in availability as well as prices. 

In the six months ended September 30, 2020 and Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, purchases of raw materials made by us from our top ten suppliers represented 75.59%, 80.84%, 67.51% and 77.98%, respectively, of our total expenses on a consolidated basis for such period/financial years. Given we procure a large portion of our raw materials from a few key suppliers, any disruption of supply of raw materials from such suppliers could adversely impact our operations and business if we are unable to replace such suppliers in a timely manner. We cannot assure you that we will be able to enter into new arrangements with suppliers on terms acceptable to us, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to source raw materials in a commercially viable and timely manner, if at all, which may impact our business and profitability We are also subject to the risk that one or more of our existing suppliers may discontinue their operations, which may adversely affect our ability to source raw materials at a competitive price. 

70.49% and 76.71% of our Company’s total purchases on a standalone basis, for the six months ended September 30, 2020 and Fiscal 2020, was incurred on imported raw materials and coal and if there are any disruptions in the geographies from which we import raw materials and coal or our ability to import raw materials from such geographies may be adversely impacted and we may not be able to source such raw materials from local suppliers at similar commercial terms or quantities. 

Further, there can be no assurance that demand, capacity limitations or other problems experienced by our suppliers will not result in occasional shortages or delays in their supply of raw materials. If we were to experience a significant or prolonged shortage of raw materials from any of our suppliers, and we cannot procure the raw materials from other sources, we would be unable to meet our production schedules for our key products and to deliver such products to our customers in a timely manner, which would adversely affect our sales, margins and customer relations. Therefore, we cannot assure you that we will be able to procure adequate supplies of raw materials in the future, as and when we need them and on commercially acceptable terms. For additional details of the raw materials, see “ _Our Business- Raw Materials_ ” on page 178. 

Further, any increase in raw material prices may result in corresponding increases in our product costs. While we typically sell our products to our customers on short-term contracts, given that we have long term 

32 

relationships with many of our customers, our ability to pass on increases in the costs of raw materials and other inputs to our customers may be limited. There may be a significant difference in the price of raw materials when raw materials are ordered and paid for and the prevailing price when the raw materials are received and we may not be able to pass on the difference in the prices to our customers. A failure to maintain our required supply of raw materials, and any inability on our part to find alternate sources for the procurement of such raw materials, on acceptable terms, could adversely affect our ability to deliver our products to our customers in an efficient, reliable and timely manner, and consequently adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial conditions. 

**7.** **_A significant portion of our revenues and expenses and certain of our borrowings are denominated in foreign currencies. As a result, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange risks which may adversely impact our results of operations._** 

We have material exposure to foreign exchange related risks since a significant portion of our revenue from operations are in foreign currencies. We have customers in over 30 countries including China, Netherlands, Russia, Singapore, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom and United States of America. Further, we have offices in Leiden (Netherlands), Shanghai (China) and Sharjah (United Arab Emirates). In the six months ended September 30, 2020 and the Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, our Company’s revenue from exports of manufactured products contributed 23.17%, 24.24%, 27.80% and 22.18%, respectively, of our Company’s revenue from operations on a standalone basis. We may, suffer losses on account of foreign currency fluctuations in our exports, since we may be able to revise the prices, for foreign currency fluctuations, only on a periodic basis and may not be able to pass on all losses on account of foreign currency fluctuations to our consumers. Further, we import machinery from other countries and the prices of which will be impacted by the foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 

Similarly, a significant portion of our expenses, including cost of imported raw material and expenditure on importing certain equipment, are denominated in currencies other than Indian Rupees. In the six months ended September 30, 2020 and Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, expenses in foreign currency accounted for 50.50%, 57.07%, 57.24% and 56.25%, respectively of our total expenses in such periods on a standalone basis. 

Additionally, certain our borrowings are denominated in USD and Euro and accordingly, we are required to make principal and interest payments in USD and Euro. A depreciation of the Indian rupee in comparison to the USD and Euro, may result in an increase in our cost of borrowing, thereby adversely impacting our results of operations. 

Any appreciation or depreciation of the Indian Rupee against these currencies can impact our results of operations. We may from time to time be required to make provisions for foreign exchange differences in accordance with accounting standards. We may experience foreign exchange losses and gains in respect of transactions denominated in foreign currencies. While we selectively enter into hedging transactions to minimize our foreign currency exchange risks, there can be no assurance that such measures will enable us to manage our foreign currency risks. Certain markets in which we sell our products may be subject to foreign exchange repatriation and exchange control risks, which may result in either delayed recovery or even nonrealization of revenue. In addition, the policies of the RBI may also change from time to time, which may limit our ability to effectively hedge our foreign currency exposures and may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. 

**8.** **_Our profitability largely depends upon the global prices of our products. There is no assurance that the prices may sustain or further increase in the future. Any significant fall in global prices of our products may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition_** 

Our ability to maintain as well as expand our international operations is dependent on us providing our products at prices competitive with international as well as local manufacturers. 

We leverage our global footprint to sell our products globally. In the six months ended September 30, 2020 and the Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, our Company’s revenue from exports of manufactured products contributed 23.17%, 24.24%, 27.80% and 22.18%, respectively, of our Company’s revenue from operations on a standalone basis. We have been the largest exporter of ethyl acetate from India in the six months ended September 30, 2020 and Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018 and one of the largest exporters of ethyl acetate to Europe from India since 2012 (source: Frost & Sullivan Report). Our sale of products in foreign jurisdictions 

33 

is subject to the global prices of the products. Since we currently manufacture all our products at the Manufacturing Facilities and the Distilleries in Maharashtra, India, we may be unable to provide the products at competitive prices as against suppliers able to implement more cost-effective distribution facilities and local suppliers in such foreign jurisdictions. Accordingly, we may be more exposed to the volatility to the global prices of our products as against competitors whose manufacturing operations are less centralised. 

We are the only manufacturer of diketene derivative products in India with a market share of approximately 55% of the Indian diketene market in terms of revenue in Fiscal 2020 and were one of the largest suppliers of diketene based specialty intermediates in Europe from India in calendar year 2019 (source: Frost & Sullivan Report). Our competitors in the Indian acetyl market comprise of foreign suppliers and local players, while our competitors in the Indian diketene derivatives market are foreign suppliers. Accordingly, even our sales in India are subject to global pricing pressures. The foreign suppliers of our products may be able to supply our products at lower prices than us due to _inter alia_ greater financial resources, larger scale of operations and export benefits provided in their respective countries. 

Our inability to price our products at the global prices, may affect the demand for our products and consequently have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. There is no assurance that the prices may sustain or further increase in the future. Any significant fall in global prices of our products may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**9.** **_There are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company, our Promoters and our Directors. Failure to defend these proceedings successfully may have an adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition, results of ongoing operations and reputation._** 

Our Company and certain of our Promoters and Directors are currently involved in certain legal proceedings including certain criminal proceedings. These legal proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts and tribunals. 

The CBI and ED (collectively, the “ **Agencies** ”) have initiated criminal proceedings against, _inter-alia_ , Vijay Mallya, the Kingfisher Airlines Limited and officers of IDBI Bank Limited including, our Independent Director, O.V. Bundellu, who was serving as the deputy managing director of IDBI Bank Limited from March, 2006 to January, 2010 (collectively, the “ **Accused** ”) on the grounds that the Accused have allegedly violated the provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002, in the process of IDBI Bank Limited granting term loan facilities amounting to ₹ 7,500 million to Kingfisher Airlines Limited. These matters are currently pending. 

Further, the Deputy Director Industrial Safety and Health has filed a criminal proceeding against one of our Promoters and Directors, Ravi Goenka (in his capacity as the occupier under the Factories Act, 1948 of the SI Manufacturing Facility) alleging contravention of Sections 59 and 65 of the Factories Act, 1948, before the court of the Chief Judicial Magistrate, Raigad at Alibaug. We are awaiting receipt of summons in this proceeding. 

The summary of outstanding litigation in relation to our Company, our Promoters and Directors as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus as disclosed in the chapter “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 340 have been provided below: 

|**Type of Proce**|**edings **<br>**Number of cases**|**Amount*(in**`**million)**|
|---|---|---|
||**Cases against the Company**<br>||
|Civilproceedings**|1|120.18<sup>#</sup>|
|Criminalproceedings|2|Not applicable|
|Taxproceedings|10|153.62|
|**Total **|**13**|**273.80**|
||**Cases by the Company**<br>||
|Civilproceedings**|3|120.18<sup>#</sup>|
|**Total **|**3**|**120.18**|
||**Cases against our Directors**<br>||
|Criminalproceedings|3|Notquantifiable|
|**Total **|3|Notquantifiable|



34 

|**Type of Proceedings **<br>**Number of cases**|**Amount*(in**`**million)**|
|---|---|
|**Cases against our Promoters**||
|Criminalproceedings<br>1|Notquantifiable|
|**Total **<br>**1**|Notquantifiable|



_*To the extent quantifiable_ 

_**In accordance with the Materiality Policy_ 

> _# Our Company has provided for_ ` _195.80 million and_ ` _34.80 million in our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements in relation to the wheeling charges and losses; and transmission charges and losses, respectively, as on September 30, 2020._ 

Adverse outcome(s) in such proceedings could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s ability to carry out its operations, its reputation, business prospects and financial condition. 

**10.** **_Any defaults or delays in payment by a significant portion of our customers, may have an adverse effect on cash flows, results of operations and financial condition._** 

In the ordinary course of business, we extend credit to our customers. Consequently, we are exposed to the risk of the uncertainty regarding the receipt of the outstanding amounts. As at September 30, 2020, March 31, 2020, March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018, our trade receivables on a consolidated basis were ` 3,342.96 million, ` 3,593.67 million, ` 3,261.80 million and ` 3,241.82 million, respectively. Trade receivables written off, on a consolidated basis, as a percentage of the total trade receivables for the six month period ended September 30, 2020 and the Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018 were 0.00%, 0.05%, 0.04% and 0.21% respectively. As on September 30, 2020, trade receivables due for over a year, on a consolidated basis aggregated to ` 4.36 million. Our results of operations and profitability depend on the credit worthiness of our customers. Certain of these customers may have weak credit histories and we cannot assure that these counterparties will always be able to pay us in a timely fashion, or at all. Any adverse change in the financial condition of our customers may adversely affect their ability to make payments to us. Default or delays in payments by a significant portion of our customers may have an adverse effect on cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

**11.** **_The global scope of our operations exposes us to risks of doing business in foreign countries, including the constantly changing economic, regulatory, social and political conditions in the jurisdictions in which we operate and seek to operate, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We sell our products in over 30 countries including China, Netherlands, Russia, Singapore, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom and United States of America. Further, we have offices in Leiden (Netherlands), Shanghai (China) and Sharjah (United Arab Emirates) as part of our global footprint. We have arrangements with third parties for usage of storage tanks in _inter alia_ Rotterdam (Netherlands), Antwerp (Belgium) and Genoa (Italy) for storage of finished products. 

Our revenue from exports has been increasing steadily. In the six months ended September 30, 2020 and the Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, our Company’s revenue from exports of manufactured products contributed 23.17%, 24.24%, 27.80% and 22.18%, respectively, of our Company’s revenue from operations on a standalone basis. Our Company’s revenue from exports on a standalone basis have grown at a CAGR of 5.89% between Fiscal 2018 and the six months ended September 30, 2020 (annualized). We intend to increase our global footprint and augment our sales in existing geographies. 

Consequently, our business is accordingly subject to diverse and dynamic economic, regulatory, social and political conditions in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Operating in international markets exposes us to a number of risks globally, including, without limitation: 

- compliance with local laws and regulations (including imposition of non-tariff barriers), which can be onerous and costly as the magnitude and complexity of, and continual amendments to, those laws and regulations are difficult to predict and the liabilities, costs, obligations and requirements associated with these laws and regulations can be substantial; 

- difficulties with local operating and market conditions, particularly regarding customs, taxation and labour; 

- currency exchange rate fluctuations 

35 

- difficulties in organizing a skilled workforce for efficient operations including processing visas or entry permits quickly and repeatedly for our personnel; and 

- economic and financial conditions, including the stability of credit markets, foreign currency fluctuations and controls, particularly the ability to repatriate funds to India and other countries. 

To the extent that our operations are affected by unexpected and adverse economic, regulatory and, social and political conditions in the countries in which we operate, we may experience operational disruptions, loss of assets and personnel and other indirect losses that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**12.** **_We rely on third-party transportation and logistics service providers for the storage and procurement of raw materials and the storage and supply of our products. Significant increases in the charges of these entities could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial conditions. Further, disruptions of logistics could impair our ability to procure raw materials and/or deliver our products on time, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We believe that our success depends on the sustained supply and transportation of the various raw materials required by our Manufacturing Facilities and Distilleries and our products from the Manufacturing Facilities and Distilleries to our customers, or intermediate delivery points such as ports, both of which are subject to various uncertainties and risks. We do not own any trucks or ships, and therefore rely on third party transportation and logistics providers for delivery of our raw materials and products. Freight and forwarding charges represented 1.84%, 1.71%, 2.10% and 1.93% of our revenue from operations on a consolidated basis for the six months ended September 30, 2020 and Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. We are subject to the risk of increases in freight costs since the pricing for freight is negotiated on a shipment basis. If we cannot fully offset any significant increases in freight costs, through increases in the prices for our products, we may experience lower margins. This would have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial conditions. 

We may also be affected by an increase in fuel costs, as it will have a corresponding impact on freight charges levied by our third-party transportation providers. This could require us to expend considerable resources in addressing our distribution requirements, including by way of absorbing these excess freight charges to maintain our selling price, which could adversely affect our results of operations, or passing these charges on to our customers, which could adversely affect demand for our products. Furthermore, in the event that our selected third party transportation and logistics providers are unable to perform their services, given the expertise required for handling our finished products and raw materials including due to their hazardous nature, there is no guarantee that suitable alternative transportation services will be secured at all or at favourable rates. 

Even though our Manufacturing Facilities and Distilleries are strategically located, we cannot guarantee that there will not be any delay in transportation and delivery of our products to our customers particularly in light of the COVID-19 outbreak. Weather-related problems, strikes, or other events could impair our ability to procure raw materials from our suppliers or the ability of our suppliers to deliver raw materials to us. Our raw materials and finished products maybe lost or damaged in transit for various reasons including occurrence of accidents or natural disasters. Such occurrences may in turn delay the process of manufacturing and supplying our products to our customers, leading to cancellation or non-renewal of purchase orders, and this could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. Any compensation received from insurers or third-party transportation providers may be insufficient to cover the cost of any delays and will not repair damage to our relationships with our affected customers. 

Separately, we have arrangements with third parties for usage of tanks for storage of raw materials in _inter alia_ Mumbai, Maharashtra and storage of our finished products in Rotterdam (Netherlands), Antwerp (Belgium) and Genoa (Italy). If these arrangements are terminated or we are unable to utilise such tanks for any reason, we may not be able to identify substitute operators of tanks or warehouses for storage of our finished products and raw materials. Given that our manufacturing operations are currently concentrated in Maharashtra, the failure to store our raw materials and products in strategic locations may result in a disruption of our supply chain. Such disruption in our supply chain may have a material adverse effect our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

36 

**13.** **_Any adverse change in regulatory requirements governing our products and the products of our customers, may adversely impact our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Regulatory requirements with respect to our products and the products of our customers are subject to change. An adverse change in the laws governing the manufacturing of our products and their usage by our customers, including the development of licensing requirements and technical standards and specifications or the imposition of onerous requirements, may have an adverse impact on our operations. We may be required to alter our manufacturing and/or distribution process and target markets and incur capital expenditure to achieve compliance with such new regulatory requirements applicable to us and our customers. We cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with such changes or additional regulatory requirements. 

If we fail to comply with new statutory or regulatory requirements, there could be a delay in the submission or grant of approval for manufacturing and marketing new products or we may be required to withdraw existing products from the market. Further, changes in regulatory requirements, may result in our customers being unable to utilise our products for manufacturing their respective products. There is an inherent risk that we may inadvertently fail to comply with such regulations, which could lead to enforced shutdowns and other sanctions imposed by the relevant authorities, as well as the withholding or delay in receipt of regulatory approvals for our new products, which may adversely impact our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

**14.** **_Under-utilization of our manufacturing capacities and an inability to effectively utilize our expanded manufacturing capacities could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

Our revenues and profits are dependent on our ability to optimise and maximise our capacity utilisation. For the nine months ended December 31, 2020 and Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, the capacity utilisation of the AI Manufacturing Facility was 77.56%, 83.57%, 80.00% and 64.44%, while the capacity utilisation of the SI Manufacturing Facility was 62.82%, 60.14%, 55.02% and 58.00%. Further, the Jarandeshwar Distillery had a utilisation of 24.23%, 48.35%, 45.81% and 11.75% during the nine months ended December 31, 2020 and Fiscals 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively, while the Panchganga Distillery had a utilisation of 32.08%, 25.54%, 103.41% and 56.35% during the same period/ financial year. We are also in the process of setting up the Proposed Facility, expanding the SI Manufacturing Facility and acquiring YCPL. If we are unable to ensure optimal utilisation of our manufacturing capacities, including the manufacturing capacities of the Proposed Facility and the YCPL Facility, we may be unable to produce our products in the required quantities and enjoy benefits of economies of scale, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

**15.** **_Our Registered Office, Manufacturing Facilities, Proposed Facility, Distilleries and most of our offices are located on lease or licensed premises. Our failure to continue to use such premises may have an adverse impact on our operations._** 

Our Manufacturing Facilities are located in Mahad, Maharashtra on premises held by us on 95-year leases from MIDC. Our Registered Office and Captive Power Plant are located within the AI Manufacturing Facility. The Jarandeshwar Distillery is located on leased premises and is currently utilised by us on a build, operate and transfer basis, while we utilise the Panchganga Distillery on a leasehold basis. Most of our other offices and our renewable power facilities are located on leased or licensed premises. Additionally, we have arrangements with third parties for usage of storage tanks in _inter alia_ Mumbai, Rotterdam (Netherlands), Genoa (Italy) and Antwerp (Italy). Further, the premises underlying the Proposed Facility are currently licensed to us by MIDC for a period of three years. For further details, see “ _Our Business – Properties_ ” on page 181. 

While the leasehold or licensing arrangements are typically entered into on a long-term basis, these agreements may be terminated in accordance with their respective terms, and any termination or non-renewal of such arrangements could adversely affect our operations. We may enter into disputes with the relevant lessor/licensor, which may adversely impact our ability to continue to use such premises. For instance, Jarandeshwar Co-operative Sugar Factory Limited (through its administrator), has filed a complaint against our Company before the Civil Court Junior Division, Koregaon in relation to the Jarandeshwar Distillery. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments”_ on page 340. 

There can be no assurance that we will be able to retain or renew such arrangements on same or similar terms, or that we will find alternate locations for the existing offices on terms favourable to us, or at all. Failure to 

37 

identify suitable premises for relocation of existing properties, if required, or in relation to new or proposed properties we may purchase, in time or at all, may have an adverse effect on our production and supply chain, the pace of our projected growth as well as our business and results of operations. 

**16.** **_Our business may expose us to potential product liability claims and recalls, which could adversely affect our results of operation, goodwill and the marketability of our products._** 

We may be exposed to potential product liability claims, and the severity and timing of such claims are unpredictable. We face the risk of loss resulting from, and the adverse publicity associated with, product liability lawsuits, whether or not such claims are valid. We may also be subject to claims resulting from manufacturing defects or negligence in storage or handling which may lead to the deterioration of our products. Our products make up a small proportion of the finished products manufactured by our customers. As such, any defect in our products would result in a disproportionately large amount of finished products being defective. 

While we maintain product liability insurance, product liability claims, regardless of their merits or the ultimate success of the defense against them, may be expensive. Even unsuccessful product liability claims would likely require us to incur substantial amounts on litigation and require our management’s time and focus. Further, customers may cease purchasing products from us. Accordingly, such product liability claims, may adversely affect our results of operation, goodwill and the marketability of our products. 

**17.** **_We derive a majority of our income from the Acetyl Intermediates and our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected if our Acetyl Intermediates do not continue to perform as expected or if competitors gain wider market acceptance._** 

Our products are currently divided into two broad categories, namely the Acetyl Intermediates and the Specialty Intermediates. The Acetyl Intermediates include ethyl acetate, acetaldehyde, fuel-grade ethanol and other proprietary solvents, while the Specialty Intermediates include ketene and diketene derivatives and certain other specialty chemicals. During the six months ended September 30, 2020 and Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Acetyl Intermediates manufactured by us (including exports to Laxmi Netherlands) contributed 55.37%, 59.33%, 62.24% and 49.22%, respectively, of our total revenue from sale of manufactured products and services on a standalone basis. 

The demand for our Acetyl Intermediates may decline due to the emergence or increase in competition, as the case may be, regulatory action, pricing pressures and/or fluctuations of demand and supply. If our competitors are able to improve the efficiency of their manufacturing process or their distribution or raw materials sourcing process and thereby offer their products at lower price, we may be unable to adequately react by reducing our gross margin to retain customers by offering our products at lower prices or losing customers to competitors offering similar products at prices lower than us. 

If our Acetyl Intermediates do not continue to perform as expected or if competitor(s) are able to achieve greater market acceptance, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely impacted. 

**18.** **_Failure to adhere to the terms of the contracts entered into by us with our customers and suppliers, may have an adverse effect on our, business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We typically enter into short-term contracts with our customers and suppliers which _inter alia_ stipulate minimum purchase commitments during the term of such agreements. If we fail to purchase the requisite quantum of raw materials from suppliers or supply the requisite quantum of products to our customers under such agreements, for any reason, including disruption of manufacturing operations and natural or man-made disasters, our customers or suppliers may consider us to be in breach of such contracts and initiate action against us. We may be unable to continue purchasing raw materials from such suppliers or selling our products to such customers, which may result in an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial conditions. 

Further, under certain of the agreements entered into by us with customers, the customers have specified certain stipulations and guidelines with respect to the products purchased by them under such agreements. Our failure to adhere to such stipulations and guidelines may result in our customers refusing to continue to 

38 

purchase the products manufactured by us, which may result in an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial conditions. 

Further, under certain agreements we manufacture product(s) for customers on an exclusive basis. Irrespective of whether new applications and greater demand emerges for such products, we may be constrained from selling such products. Further, the terms of such products stipulate the price ranges of such products. Our failure to supply such products at the prices agreed to may result in us being in breach of such contractual arrangements, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial conditions. 

**19.** **_We need significant and continuous power, water, fuel and steam and any disruption to power, water, fuel or steam sources, including our power facilities could increase our production costs and adversely affect our results of operations._** 

Our manufacturing operations require a significant amount and continuous supply of power, steam and water and any shortage or non-availability may adversely affect our manufacturing operations. 

We have a co-generation power plant (the “ **Captive Power Plant** ”), two windmills located in Maharashtra and Karnataka and a hydro-electric power project at Yedgaon (collectively, the “ **Power Facilities** ”). During the nine months ended December 31, 2020, 53.04% of our Manufacturing Facilities’ power consumption was met from the Power Facilities. Our Manufacturing Facilities were dependent on the grid for 46.96% of our power consumption during the nine months ended December 31, 2020. Our power and fuel expenses accounted for 5.82%, 6.64%, 6.58% and 6.42%, respectively, of our total expenses on a consolidated basis in the six months ended September 30, 2020 and Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018. If we fail to continue to utilise the Power Facilities or if any or all of the Power Facilities are disrupted, we may have to incur additional costs towards sourcing additional power and steam, which may result in an increase in our production costs and adversely affect our results of operations. 

We currently source our water requirements from MIDC _._ There is no assurance that we will at all times receive a continued supply of water on the scale required by us or at all, which may have an adverse impact on our operations. 

**20.** **_If there are delays in transfer of the necessary approvals in relation to the Proposed Facility or if the costs of setting up and the possible time or cost overruns related to the Proposed Facility, expansion of the SI Manufacturing Facility or the purchase of plant and machinery for augmenting infrastructural development of the SI Manufacturing Facility are higher than expected, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects._** 

We are in the process of setting up the Proposed Facility, which will be housed in Yellowstone Fine Chemicals Private Limited (“ **YFCP** L”), our wholly owned Subsidiary and will be utilised for the manufacturing of fluorospecialty chemicals. Further, we also intend to expand the capacity at the SI Manufacturing Facility and augment infrastructural development of the SI Manufacturing Facility. For details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 100. We intend to utilize portions of the Net Proceeds for financing the costs of setting up and commissioning of such Proposed Facility, expansion of the SI Manufacturing Facility purchase of plant and machinery for augmenting infrastructural development of the SI Manufacturing Facility. 

The license for the premises underlying the Proposed Facility is currently held in the name of our Company and we have filed an application with MIDC on November 11, 2020 for the transfer of such license from our Company to YFCPL, which is pending as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. There is no assurance that our application for assigning the license agreement for the premises underlying the Proposed Facility from our Company to YFCPL will be approved in a timely manner or at all. Further, environmental clearance obtained by us in relation to the Proposed Facility is currently in the name of our Company, however we have filed an application for the transfer such environmental clearance from our Company to YFCPL. There is no assurance that our application for transfer of the environmental clearance will be approved in a timely manner. For details of approvals in relation to the Proposed Facility, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 100. Additionally, delays in obtaining approvals in relation to the commissioning and commencement of operations of the Proposed Facility and the expansion of our SI Manufacturing Facility will result in further time and cost overruns. 

39 

The Proposed Facility and expansion of the SI Manufacturing Facility are expected is expected to commence commercial operations by last quarter of Fiscal 2022 (March 2022) and November 2021, respectively. The completion of the setting up of the Proposed Facility or expansion of the SI Manufacturing Facility is dependent on the performance of external agencies, which are responsible for _inter alia_ construction of buildings, installation and commissioning of plant and machinery and supply and testing of equipment. We cannot assure you that the performance of external agencies will meet the required specifications or performance parameters. We may not be able to identify suitable replacement external agencies in a timely manner. If the performance of these agencies is inadequate in terms of the requirements, this may result in incremental cost and time overruns. 

Certain plant, machinery and equipment purchased from Miteni are to be relocated to the Proposed Facility from Italy. Any delay in the relocation of such assets or damage to the assets acquired due to _inter alia_ defaults by transportation agencies, may further result in cost and time overruns in the commissioning of the Proposed Facility. While VLPL acquired the assets from Miteni in 2019, we have been unable to complete the relocation of such assets from Italy till date and make progress in the setting up of the Proposed Facility largely due to the COVID pandemic and the related logistics and transportation difficulties. 

The estimated costs for setting up the Proposed Facility and expanding the SI Manufacturing Facility are based on management estimates and current conditions and are subject to change, owing to prospective changes in external circumstances, costs, and other financial conditions. There could be delays in setting up the Proposed Facility and/or expanding the SI Manufacturing Facility as a result of, among other things, requirement of obtaining approvals from statutory or regulatory authorities, contractors’ or external agencies’ failure to perform, exchange rate fluctuations, unforeseen engineering problems, disputes with workers, increase in input costs of construction materials and labour costs, incremental preoperative expenses, taxes and duties, interest and finance charges, EPC and non-EPC costs, cost escalation and/or force majeure events (including the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic), any of which could give rise to cost overruns and delays in our implementation schedules. 

If our actual capital expenditures on setting up the Proposed Facility and/or expanding the SI Manufacturing Facility significantly exceed our budgets, or even if our budgets were sufficient to cover these projects, we may not be able to achieve the intended economic benefits of these projects, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete the aforementioned expansion or commissioning of our plants and additions in accordance with the proposed schedule of implementation and any delay could have an adverse impact on our growth, prospects, cash flows and financial condition. 

**21.** **_We have not yet placed orders for some of the machinery and equipment to be procured in relation to the Proposed Facility, the expansion of the SI Manufacturing Facility and for the purchase of plant and machinery for augmenting infrastructural development of the SI Manufacturing Facility. In the event of any delay in placing the orders, or in the event the vendors are not able to provide the equipment in a timely manner, or at all, may result in time and cost over-runs and our business, prospects and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

We intend to utilize portions of the Net Proceeds for (i) part-financing the setting up of the Proposed Facility; (ii) expansion of the SI Manufacturing Facility (“ **Proposed Expansion** ”); and (iii) purchase of plant and machinery for augmenting the infrastructure development of our SI Manufacturing Facility (“ **SI Infrastructural Augmentation** ”). We have acquired certain plant, machinery and equipment from Miteni in Italy, which are to be relocated to the Proposed Facility. While we have procured quotations or issued purchase orders from/to various vendors for most of the remaining plant, machinery and equipment for the Proposed Facility and for the plant, machinery and equipment for the expansion of the SI Manufacturing Facility, we have not placed any firm orders for some of the plant, machinery and equipment. Further, we have not placed any orders for the plant and machinery required for SI Infrastructural Augmentation. We have placed orders for approximately 56% and 80% of the plant and machinery required for the Proposed Expansion and the Proposed Facility, respectively, in terms of the aggregate estimated cost of plant and machinery for the Proposed Expansion (net of contingency) and the Proposed Facility (net of contingency), respectively. For details in respect of the foregoing, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 100. Such quotations are valid for a certain period of time and may be subject to revisions, and other commercial and technical factors. We cannot assure you that we will be able to undertake such capital expenditure within the cost 

40 

indicated by such quotations or that there will not be cost escalations. Further, the actual amount and timing of our future capital requirements may differ from our estimates as a result of, among other things, unforeseen delays or cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, engineering design changes and technological changes. 

In the event of any delay in placing the orders, or an escalation in the cost of acquisition of the equipment or in the event the vendors are not able to provide the equipment in a timely manner, or at all, we may encounter time and cost overruns in setting up of the Proposed Facility, expanding the capacity of the SI Manufacturing Facility and completing the SI Infrastructural Augmentation. Further, if we are unable to procure machinery and equipment from the vendors from whom we have procured quotations, we cannot assure you that we may be able to identify alternative vendors to provide us with the machinery and equipment which satisfy our requirements at acceptable prices. Our inability to procure the machinery and equipment at acceptable prices or in a timely manner, may result in an increase in capital expenditure, the proposed schedule implementation and deployment of the Net Proceeds may be extended or may vary accordingly, thereby resulting in an adverse effect on our business, prospects and results of operations. 

**22.** **_Certain documents filed by us with the RoC and RBI and certain corporate records and other documents, are not traceable. While we have conducted a search with the RoC, in respect of the unavailability of such forms and other records, we cannot assure you that such forms or records will be available at all or any time in the future and that that no dispute shall arise in the future in relation to these corporate records and documents._** 

Our Company is unable to trace certain corporate records and regulatory filings made by us. These include corporate records and regulatory filings made in relation to certain allotments by our Company and certain transfers involving Ravi Goenka, our individual Promoter. 

Due to the unavailability of such corporate records (including resolutions) and regulatory filings we are unable to ascertain the nature of allotment (for allotments on February 12, 1990, March 6, 1990, September 20, 1990, March 27, 1991, June 19, 1991, November 27, 1991, March 17, 1992, April 22, 1992, February 2, 1993 and September 15, 1994) and the price at which the allotment was made (for the allotment made on March 6, 1990). Further, the names of allottees for some of these issuances have been determined on the basis of the register of members maintained by our Company and issue price for certain allotments have been ascertained from the audited balance sheet of the respective financial years. For details of such allotments, see “ _Capital Structure- Notes to the Capital Structure”_ on page 83. After conducting a detailed search of our records, we have, through a practicing company secretary, conducted a search at the office of the RoC to trace records and filings available with them. However, such practicing company secretary was unable to locate these documents at the office of the RoC. 

Further, due to the unavailability of transfer deeds, we have been unable to ascertain the acquisition/transfer price and nature of consideration for the transfer of equity shares of our Company to Ravi Goenka by Bharat Naik and Purnima Naik on March 17, 1992, Sudhir Lohia on December 2, 1992, Ramtech Industries Private Limited on September 1, 1995, Kailash C. Sharma on September 19, 2007 and Ridha Sharma on September 19, 2007. For details of such transfers, see “ _Capital Structure-Notes to the Capital Structure”_ on page 83. While we have attempted to procure the relevant transfer deeds and information from such transferors, as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have not been able to trace copies of such transfer deeds or information in relation to such transfers. Accordingly, the cost of acquisition of equity shares of our Company by our individual Promoter, Ravi Goenka is non-ascertainable. 

Further, we were also unable to trace certain filings made with the RBI pursuant to allotment of shares to certain NRI in 1991. We cannot assure you that the regulatory filings or corporate records which we have not been able to locate will be available in the future or that the information gathered in this regard is correct. Further, we cannot assure you that the regulatory filings were done at all or in timely manner and that we shall not be subject to penalties on this account. Additionally, while no disputes have arisen in connection with these corporate records and other documents as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we cannot assure you that no dispute shall arise in the future. 

**23.** **_Our efforts at integrating acquired businesses may not yield timely or effective results, which may affect our financial condition and results of operations._** 

We are in the process of expanding our manufacturing capabilities for the Acetyl Intermediates by acquiring 

41 

a 100% stake in AHPL from Ravi Goenka, one of our Promoters and Chairman and Managing Director and Harshvardhan Goenka, a member of our Promoter Group and Executive Director – Business development and Strategy. AHPL, through its wholly owned Subsidiary, Yellowstone Chemicals Private Limited (“ **YCPL** ”), is engaged in the manufacturing of acetaldehyde and ethyl acetate. Further, we have acquired certain assets from Miteni in Italy. For further details, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters_ ” on page 187. 

We may experience difficulties in integrating acquisitions into our existing business and operations. Our failure to derive anticipated synergies could affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve the strategic purpose of such acquisition or operational integration or our targeted return on investment. Future acquisitions may also expose us to potential risks, including risks associated with the integration of new operations, services and personnel, unforeseen or hidden liabilities, the diversion of resources from our existing businesses and technologies, our inability to generate sufficient revenue to offset the costs of acquisitions, and potential loss of, or harm to, relationships with employees, suppliers or customers, any of which could significantly disrupt our ability to manage our business and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

**24.** **_We do not have long-term agreements with most of our customers. Our inability to accurately forecast demand for our products or manage our inventory or working capital requirements may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We believe that efficient inventory management is a key component of the success of our business, results of operations and profitability. We maintain a reasonable level of inventory of raw materials, work in progress and finished goods at our Manufacturing Facilities and Distilleries as well as at certain storage tanks. While we forecast the demand and price for our products and accordingly, plan our production volumes, any error in our forecast due to _inter alia_ the international scale of our operations and demand for our products, could result in a reduction in our profit margins and surplus stock, which may result in additional storage cost and such surplus stock may not be sold in a timely manner, or at all. 

We do not have long-term agreements with most of our customers. Customers with whom we do not have long-term agreements may choose to cease sourcing our products. We cannot assure that we will receive repeat orders from our customers in the future. Further, absence of any contractual exclusivity with respect to our business arrangements with such customers poses a threat on our ability to be able to continue to supply our products to these customers in the future. If we overestimate demand, we may incur costs to purchase more raw materials and manufacture more products than required. 

Similarly, if we underestimate demand, we may manufacture fewer quantities of products than required, which could result in the loss of business. We may fail to maintain the requisite inventory in the storage tanks abroad, which may adversely impact our ability to deliver products to customers in a timely manner which may lead to loss of revenues or customers. 

Our inability to accurately forecast demand for our products and manage our inventory may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**25.** **_We have contingent liabilities and commitments which have not been provided for in our balance sheet. In the event that any of our contingent liabilities materialises, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

As on September 30, 2020, we had certain contingent liabilities on a consolidated basis in accordance with Ind AS 37 “Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets” as disclosed in the Restated Consolidated Financial Statements are set forth below: 

|**Serial**<br>**no.**|**Particulars**|**Amount**<br>**(₹ in**<br>**million)**|
|---|---|---|
|**(i)**|**Contingent liabilities**||
||**(a) Liabilities Disputed– Appeals filed with respect to:**||
||(i) Disputed Excise/ Custom Matters in Appeals|7.51|
||(ii) Income Tax on account of Disallowances / Additions and default of TDS|4.71|



42 

|**Serial**<br>**no.**|**Particulars**|**Amount**<br>**(₹ in**<br>**million)**|
|---|---|---|
||(iii) VAT credits disallowed by the authorities against which the company has<br>preferred appeals.|4.29|
||**(b) Guarantees:**||
||(i) Given on behalf of WOS to their vendors|-|
||(ii) Given on behalf of WOS to their lenders|1,700.00|
||(iii) Furnished by banks on behalf of the Company|45.08|
||**(c) Other money for which the Company is contingently liable (give details)**||
||(i) Standby letters of credit issued by the Company’s bankers to the bankers of WOS|321.02|
|**(ii)**|**Commitments**||
||(a) Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account (net<br>of advances)|37.16|
||(b) Export obligation under Advance License Scheme on duty free import of specific<br>raw materials remaining outstanding|1,835.72|
|**(iii)**|**Letters of Credit**|580.16|



For details, see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Statements- 32. Contingent liabilities and commitments (to the extent not provided for)_ ” on page 279. 

Any or all of these contingent liabilities may become actual liabilities. 

In the event that any of our contingent liabilities become non-contingent, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will not incur similar or increased levels of contingent liabilities in the current fiscal year or in the future. 

**26.** **_We are required to obtain, renew or maintain certain material statutory and regulatory permits and approvals required to operate our business, and if we fail to do so in a timely manner or at all, we may be unable to fully or partially operate our business and our results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

Our operations are subject to extensive government regulation and we are required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory permits and approvals under central, state and local government rules in the geographies in which we operate, generally for carrying out our business and for our Manufacturing Facilities and Distilleries. For details of material approvals relating to the business and operations of our Company and our Material Subsidiary, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 347. 

A majority of these approvals are granted for a limited duration and require timely renewal. Some of these approvals have expired and we have either made or are in the process of making an application for obtaining the approval for its renewal. For details of pending material approvals of our Company and Material Subsidiary, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 347. Further, while we have applied for some of these approvals, we cannot assure you that such approvals will be issued or granted to us in a timely manner, or at all. If we do not receive such approvals or are not able to renew the approvals in a timely manner, our business and operations may be adversely affected. We are also required to make payments pursuant to statutory requirements. In the recent past, there were certain delays by our Company in making such payments. There can be no assurance that such delays will not occur in the future and that the relevant authority will not initiate actions against us for such delays. 

The approvals required by us are subject to numerous conditions and we cannot assure you that these would not be suspended or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business. In addition, these registrations, approvals or licenses are liable to be cancelled or the manufacture or sale of products may be restricted. In case any of these registrations, approvals or licenses are cancelled, or its use is restricted, then it could adversely affect our results of operations or growth prospects. 

43 

**27.** **_Our indebtedness and the conditions and restrictions imposed on us by our financing agreements could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business._** 

As of January 31, 2021, our total outstanding borrowings on a consolidated basis was ₹ 2,447.46 million. For further details, please see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on 337. Our indebtedness could have several important consequences, including but not limited to the following: 

- a portion of our cash flow will be used towards repayment of our existing debt, which will reduce the availability of cash to fund working capital needs, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate requirements; 

- our ability to obtain additional financing in the future at reasonable terms may be restricted; 

- fluctuations in market interest rates may affect the cost of our borrowings, as some of our loans are at variable interest rates; and 

- we may be more vulnerable to economic downturns, may be limited in our ability to withstand competitive pressures and may have reduced flexibility in responding to changing business, regulator and economic conditions. 

Our financing agreements governing our borrowings include conditions and restrictive covenants that require us to obtain consents, no-objections or waivers from lenders prior to carrying out specified activities or entering into certain transactions. Such restrictive covenants, among other things, require our Company to obtain the approval of the relevant lender for inter alia making any amendments in the Memorandum of Association or Articles of Association, investing by way of share capital or lending or advancing funds to or placing deposits with other concern (with the exception of normal trade credit or security deposit in the ordinary course of business), repaying or paying any principal or interest on any loans availed by our Company, changing our Company’s constitution/composition, undertaking or permitting any merger, demerger, consolidation, reorganization, dissolution or reconstitution scheme of arrangement or compromise with our Company’s creditors or shareholders and/or effecting any scheme of amalgamation or reconstruction or dissolution or reconstitution including creating any subsidiary or permitting any company to become our Company’s subsidiary. While we have obtained necessary consents from our lenders as required under our loan/financing documentation, for undertaking the Offer and related actions, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain such approvals in the future to undertake such activities as and when required or to comply with such covenants or other covenants in the future. 

Further, we are required to create charge over our present and future current assets and certain of our movable and immovable fixed assets and furnish guarantees from Ravi Goenka, our individual Promoter and certain members of our Promoter Group. Further, our financing agreements also stipulate _inter alia_ financial covenants required to be maintained by us during the duration of the facilities. However, in the six month period ended September 30, 2020 and the Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, there was a delay of five days in the repayment of a loan by our Company. While no action has been taken by the lender in relation to such delay, there can be no assurance that such delays will not occur in the future or that lenders will not take any action against us. Any failure to service such indebtedness, or otherwise perform any obligations under such financing agreements may lead to a termination of one or more of our credit facilities or incur penalties, acceleration of payments under such credit facilities and enforcement of the security created, which may adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

Any failure to service our indebtedness, perform any condition or covenant or comply with the restrictive covenants could lead to a termination of one or more of our credit facilities, default, acceleration of amounts due under such facilities and cross-defaults under certain of our other financing agreements, any of which may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

**28.** **_A portion of the Net Proceeds may be utilized for repayment or pre-payment of a loan availed by our Company from Axis Finance Limited, which is an affiliate of Axis Capital Limited, one of the BRLMs._** 

We propose to repay or pre-pay a loan availed by our Company from Axis Finance Limited from the Net Proceeds. Axis Finance Limited is an affiliate of Axis Capital Limited, one of our Book Running Lead Managers and is not an associate of our Company in terms of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Merchant Bankers) Regulations, 1992. The loan sanctioned to our Company by Axis Finance Limited was done as part of their lending activities in the ordinary course of business and we do not believe that there is 

44 

any conflict of interest under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Merchant Bankers) Regulations, 1992, as amended, or any other applicable SEBI rules or regulations. The Board of Directors of our Company has chosen the loans and facilities to be repaid/prepaid based on commercial considerations. For further details see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 100. However, there can be no assurance that the repayment/prepayment of such loans from the Net Proceeds to an affiliate of one of the Book Running Lead Managers will not be perceived as a current or potential conflict of interest. 

**29.** **_We appoint contract labour for carrying out certain of our operations and we may be held responsible for paying the wages of such workers, if the independent contractors through whom such workers are hired default on their obligations, and such obligations could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

We engage independent contractors through whom we engage contract labourers for performance of certain functions at our Manufacturing Facilities and Distilleries for the performance of non-core tasks. Further, contractors and contract labourers will also be engaged in the construction of the Proposed Facility and the expansion of the SI Manufacturing Facility. Although we do not engage these labourers directly, we are responsible for any wage and statutory payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractors. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and our financial conditions. In addition, we may be liable for or exposed to litigations, sanctions, penalties or losses arising from accidents or damages caused by our workers or contractors. 

**30.** **_We are in the process of completing the acquisition of Yellowstone Chemicals Private Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Acetyls Holding Private Limited. However, we may not be able to complete such acquisition in a timely manner and such acquisition may not prove to be profitable or achieve the profitability that justifies our investment, which may adversely impact our prospects, growth and results of operations._** 

YCPL is engaged in the manufacturing of Ethyl Acetate and Acetaldehyde and is accordingly currently engaged in the similar line of business as our Company. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, YCPL is a wholly owned subsidiary of ACPL, which is 100% held by Ravi Goenka and Harshvardhan Goenka. 

We have entered into a share purchase agreement dated December 9, 2020 with Ravi Goenka, Harshvardhan Goenka, YCPL and AHPL, for the YCPL Acquisition (the “ **AHPL SPA** ”). The purchase consideration payable by our Company for the acquisition (the “ **Purchase Consideration** ”) will be the lower of ` 400.10 million (based on the valuation report dated November 26, 2020 issued by a registered valuer) and the amount that will be derived based on the pre-decided valuation of 10x trailing twelve-month P/E multiple for the period ending September 30, 2021 of AHPL (on the basis of audited consolidated financials of AHPL and the YCPL as on September 30, 2021). In accordance with the AHPL SPA, we have on December 9, 2020 made an aggregate payment of ` 200.00 million, from our internal accruals, to Ravi Goenka and Harshvardhan Goenka towards the Purchase Consideration. Pursuant to the AHPL SPA, Harshvardhan Goenka and Ravi Goenka have undertaken that, until the completion of the transaction contemplated under the AHPL SPA, they shall not and they shall ensure that YCPL does not undertake any business competing with or solicit any business similar to the business of our Company, except on behalf of our Companyundertake any business (directly and indirectly) which competes in any manner with the business undertaken by the Company. The valuation of the YCPL Acquisition is based on historical data and certain assumptions and we cannot assure you that the Purchase Consideration will be indicative of the future earning potential of YCPL. 

Further, we cannot assure you that we will be able to complete the YCPL Acquisition in a timely manner or at all. The completion of the YCPL Acquisition is subject to certain conditions precedent including the receipt of consents from lenders, as applicable, YCPL ensuring that at least 25% of its total annual sales are through exports and YCPL continuing to produce a minimum of 2,500 MT of ethyl acetate and acetaldehyde on a month to month basis or 30,000 MT annualized. Our Company shall have the right to terminate the AHPL SPA, in the event the conditions precedent are not satisfied by December 31, 2021. For further details, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters_ ” on page 187. 

Additionally, once the acquisition is completed, we cannot assure you that the acquisition will prove to be profitable or would enable us to achieve profitability which justifies the investment. The foregoing may have an adverse impact on our prospectus, growth and results of operations. 

45 

**31.** **_Some of the raw materials that we use as well as our finished products are corrosive and flammable and require expert handling and storage. While we take adequate care and follow all relevant safety measures, there is a risk of fire and other accidents, at our Manufacturing Facilities, Distilleries, and storage tanks. Any accidents may result in loss of property of our Company and/or disruption in the manufacturing processes which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

Certain of the raw materials such as acetic acid and methanol that we use as well as certain of our finished goods such as acetic anhydride are corrosive and/or flammable and require expert handling and storage, failing which we may be exposed to fires or other industrial accidents. While our Company believes that it has necessary controls and processes in place, any failure of such systems, mishandling of hazardous chemicals or any adverse incident related to the use of these chemicals or otherwise during the manufacturing process or storage of products and certain raw materials, may cause industrial accidents, fire, loss of human life, damage to our and third-party property and, or, environmental damage. If any industrial accident, loss of human life or environmental damage were to occur we could be subject to significant penalties, other actionable claims and, in some instances, criminal prosecution. In addition to adversely affecting our reputation, any such accidents, may result in a loss of property of our Company and/or disruption in our manufacturing operations entirely, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition to the loss as a result of such fire or industrial accident, any shutdown of our Manufacturing Facilities and/or Distilleries could result in us being unable to meet with our commitments, which will have an adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. 

Further, any fire or industrial accident, any shutdown of any of our Manufacturing Facilities and/or Distilleries or any environmental damages could increase the regulatory scrutiny and result in enhanced compliance requirements including on use of materials and effluent treatment which would, amongst others, increase the cost of our operations. 

We cannot assure you that despite our best efforts we will not face similar situations at our Manufacturing Facilities or Distilleries which may result in significant loss to our Company and/or a disruption of our manufacturing operations. The loss incurred by our Company may or may not be recoverable through insurance maintained by us. Such loss and/or disruption of our manufacturing operations may have a material adverse effect on our operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**32.** **_We are subject to safety, health, environmental, labour, workplace and related laws and regulations and any failure to comply with any current or future laws or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We are subject to a broad range of safety, health, environmental, labour, workplace and related laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, which impose controls on the disposal and storage of raw materials, air and water discharges; on the storage, handling, discharge and disposal of chemicals, employee exposure to hazardous substances and other aspects of our operations. 

Manufacturing sites by nature may be hazardous. Our Manufacturing Facilities and Distilleries often put our employees and others in close proximity with hazardous chemical and manufacturing processes. These processes may result in _inter alia_ air emissions, waste water discharges, the use, handling and disposal of hazardous materials. As a result, we are subject to a variety of health and safety laws and regulations dealing with occupational health and safety. Unsafe work sites have the potential to increase employee turnover and raise our operating costs. Further, any accidents at our facilities may result in personal injury or loss of life, substantial damage to or destruction of property and equipment that could result in the suspension of operations. Any of the foregoing could subject us to litigation, which may subject us to penalties, increase our expenses in the event we are found liable, and could adversely affect our reputation. Further, the Deputy Director Industrial Safety and Health has filed a criminal proceeding against one of our Promoters and Directors. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 340. 

Additionally, the government or the relevant regulatory bodies may require us to shut down our facilities which in turn could lead to product shortages that delay or prevent us from fulfilling our obligations to customers. If we fail to maintain safe work sites or violate applicable laws, it could expose us to civil and 

46 

criminal liabilities and harm our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**33.** **_Our operations could be adversely affected by strikes, work stoppages, demands for increased wages or any other kind of employee dispute._** 

Although we believe that we enjoy a good relationship with our workforce and we have not experienced any major labour disruptions in the past and most of our employees are not unionized, there can be no assurance that our employees will not unionize or that we will not experience any strike, work stoppage or other industrial action in the future due to disputes or other problems with our work force due to _inter alia_ wage demands. Any such event could disrupt our operations, possibly for a significant period of time, result in increased wages and other benefits or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Such situations may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 

**34.** **_Our performance depends to a large extent on the efforts and abilities of our individual Promoter, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel. The loss of or diminution in the services of our individual Promoter, Directors or Key Managerial Personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We are dependent on the services of our individual Promoter, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel, and our ability to attract, train, motivate and retain skilled employees and other professionals will enable us to manage and expand our business operations. We believe that the inputs and experience of our individual Promoter, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel have been valuable for the development of business and operations and the strategic directions taken by our Company. The loss of or diminution in the services of our individual Promoter, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For details in relation to the experience of our individual Promoter, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel, see “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group_ ” and “ _Our Management_ ” on pages 221 and 199, respectively. 

Our future success will to a large extent depend on our ability to retain our Key Managerial Personnel. If we are unable to hire additional personnel or retain existing qualified personnel, in particular our Key Managerial Personnel and persons with requisite skills, our operations and our ability to expand our business may be impaired. Failure to hire or retain Key Managerial Personnel and skilled and experienced employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**35.** **_Our Manufacturing Facilities are subject to client inspections and quality audits and any failure on our part to meet their expectations or to comply with the quality standards set out in our contractual arrangements, could result in the termination of our contracts and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our products find application in _inter alia_ the pharmaceutical, agrochemical, inks, coatings, adhesives, pigments and packaging industries. Given the nature of the application of our products, our processes and products are subject to, and measured against, high quality standards and technical specifications. Prior to the placement of orders with us, new customers may undertake a detailed inspection of our manufacturing facilities and review our manufacturing processes. The products may be subject to laboratory validation by certain customers. We are required to be enlisted with certain customers as suppliers of certain products. We may also be subject to regular audits by customers to assess our manufacturing operations, process and quality standards. Pursuant to certain agreements entered into by us with our customers, we are required to ensure that our products conform with the technical specifications or guidelines of such customers. 

We are therefore subject to a stringent quality control mechanism at each stage of the manufacturing process and are required to maintain the quality and precision level for each product. As a result, we are required to incur expenses to maintain our quality assurance systems. We will continue to spend a portion of our future revenues to manage our product quality and to maintain our quality control, a failure of which may negatively impact our profitability. 

Any failure on our part to meet the expectations of our clients and to comply with the quality standards set out in our contractual arrangements, could result in the termination of our contracts and our customers may 

47 

choose to source their requirements from our competitors. We may also be required to reimburse our customer for any losses suffered as a result of our non-compliance. The occurrence of such events could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

**36.** **_Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or adequate to protect us against all material hazards, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our operations are subject to various risks inherent in the chemical manufacturing industry including defects, liability for product and/or property damage, malfunctions and failures of manufacturing equipment, fire, riots, strikes, explosions, loss-in-transit for our products, accidents, personal injury or death, environmental pollution and natural disasters. As at September 30, 2020, March 31, 2020, March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018, 99.27%, 99.30%, 99.25% and 99.07%, respectively, of our total assets were insured. Our Company has obtained various insurance policies including a public liability insurance policy, an industrial all risk insurance policies with respect to our Manufacturing Facilities, Jarandeshwar Distillery and Rabale Innovation Centre, marine export import insurance open policy, cyber and data protection, commercial crime and commercial general liability insurance policies and a directors and officers liability insurance policy with respect to the Directors and officers of our Company and our Subsidiaries incorporated in India. For further details of the insurance policies availed by our Company, see “ _Our Business- Insurance_ ” on page 181. 

Our insurance may not be adequate to completely cover any or all of our risks and liabilities. Further, there is no assurance that the insurance premiums payable by us will be commercially viable or justifiable. Accordingly, our inability to maintain adequate insurance cover in connection with our business could adversely affect our operations and profitability. 

We cannot assure you that, in the future, any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. Further, an insurance claim once made could lead to an increase in our insurance premium, result in higher deductibles and also require us to spend towards addressing certain covenants specified by the insurance companies. As at September 30, 2020, insurance claims receivable by us on a consolidated basis aggregated to ` 40.46 million, including an amount of ` 38.47 million claimed towards loss of inventory and major repairs to plant and machinery at the SI Manufacturing Facility pursuant to floods in Fiscal 2020. Further, as at March 31, 2020, March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018, insurance claims receivable by us on a consolidated basis aggregated to ` 41.51 million, ` 0.02 million and ` 0.45 million, respectively. See “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Statements-Note 4.6. Other Financial Assets (Current)_ ” on page 265. 

To the extent that we suffer loss or damage as a result of events for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, or which is not covered by insurance, exceeds our insurance coverage or the amount received pursuant to an insurance claim, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, financial performance and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

**37.** **_Certain of our Subsidiaries have incurred losses in the six months ended September 30, 2020 and Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018 due to which our consolidated results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected._** 

Certain of our Subsidiaries have incurred losses in the six months ended September 30, 2020 and Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018 as provided below: 

|**Name of the Subsidiary**|**Profit/(loss)**<br>**in the six**<br>**months**<br>**ended**<br>**September**<br>**30, 2020**|**Profit/(loss) in**<br>**Fiscal 2020**|**Profit/(loss) in**<br>**Fiscal 2019**|_(₹ in million)_<br>**Profit/(loss)**<br>**in Fiscal**<br>**2018**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Laxmi Lifesciences Private<br>Limited|(0.01)|(0.02)|(0.01)|(0.01)|
|Viva Lifesciences Private Limited|(0.67)|(0.31)|(0.01)|(0.01)|
|Cellbion Lifesciences Private<br>Limited (“**Cellbion**”)*|(15.81)|(23.55)|16.86|(12.68)|



48 

|**Name of the Subsidiary**|**Profit/(loss)**<br>**in the six**<br>**months**<br>**ended**<br>**September**<br>**30, 2020**|**Profit/(loss) in**<br>**Fiscal 2020**|**Profit/(loss) in**<br>**Fiscal 2019**|**Profit/(loss)**<br>**in Fiscal**<br>**2018**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Saideep Traders|(12.76)|(13.75)|26.11|(5.70)|
|Yellowstone Fine Chemicals<br>Private Limited|(0.01)|-|-|-|
|Yellowstone Speciality Chemicals<br>Private Limited|(0.01)|-|-|-|
|Laxmi Petrochem Middle East<br>FZE|38.39|(38.91)|(33.72)|(1.70)|
|Laxmi Organic Industries (Europe)<br>B.V.|(9.52)|(50.86)|8.89|32.36|



_* While our Subsidiary, Cellbion is currently non-operational, it has incurred losses on account of: (i) the share of profit/loss of Saideep Traders (a step-down Subsidiary of our Company pursuant to Ind AS 110), in which Cellbion holds a 95% stake. Saideep Traders is an operational partnership which houses one of our Distilleries, namely, the Panchganga Distillery; and (ii) the Ind-AS impact on the advance granted by our Company to Cellbion during Fiscal 2013._ 

We cannot assure you that our Subsidiaries will be able to achieve profitability in the near future or at all. If our Subsidiaries continue to incur losses and/or the losses incurred by such Subsidiaries increase, such continued losses could adversely impact the loans/advances/guarantees given by our Company to/on behalf of our Subsidiaries, and our consolidated results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. For further details, please see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Statements - Details of Loans Given, Investments made and Guarantee given Covered U/S 186 (4) of the Companies Act, 2013_ ” on page 279. 

**38.** **_Information relating to the historical installed capacity of our Manufacturing Facilities and Distilleries, and the estimated capacity of the Proposed Facility and the expansion of the SI Manufacturing Facility included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates and future production and capacity may vary._** 

Information relating to the historical installed capacity of our Manufacturing Facilities, Distilleries and the estimated capacity of the Proposed Facility and the expansion of the SI Manufacturing Facility are based on certain technical assumptions. These technical assumptions involved in determining such installed capacity and estimated capacity, include number of shifts and the duration of each shift. Prospective investors should not place undue reliance on the historical installed capacity information and estimated installed capacity for the Manufacturing Facility, Distilleries and the estimated installed capacities of the Proposed Facility and expansion of the SI Manufacturing Facility. 

**39.** **_A significant portion of our revenue from Speciality Intermediates has been generated from new products developed by us over the last decade. Our failure to continue to introduce new products and/or effectively commercialise such products may have an adverse effect on our revenue from operations, growth and prospects._** 

In Fiscal 2010, we commenced manufacturing the Specialty Intermediates by acquiring Clariant’s diketene business which included the technology and know-how of 18 products of which our Company is currently producing 14 products which form part of our Company’s Specialty Intermediates product portfolio. Through our R&D efforts, in addition to the products acquired from Clariant, we have added 20 new products (the “ **New Products** ”) to our Specialty Intermediates portfolio over the last decade. During the six months ended September 30, 2020 and Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, the New Products contributed 44.14%, 45.60%, 51.45% and 41.52%, respectively of our revenue from the Specialty Intermediates manufactured by our Company, on a standalone basis. While we believe we have been able to achieve a consistent track record of concept to commercialisation, there can be no assurance that our new products will receive the response we expect from the market in the absence of which, our R&D efforts could result in higher costs without a proportionate increase in revenues. Our failure to continue to introduce new products and/or effectively commercialise such products may have an adverse effect on our revenue from operations, growth and 

49 

prospects. 

**40.** **_If we are unable to protect our intellectual property and technical know-how against third party infringement or breaches of confidentiality, or are found to infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our Company has obtained trademark registrations under the Trade Marks Act, 1999 with respect to “Laxmi” (under classes 1, 2,3,4,5,9,35 and 42) “Laxmisolv” (under classes 1,2,3,4 and 5). We hold patents in Belgium, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Japan, Netherlands, Spain, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States of America and have filed applications for two process patents in India which are currently pending. Our Company has also obtained a copyright registration under the Copyrights Act, 1957 with respect to our logo. We do not however hold the trademark for our logo. For details of our intellectual property, see “ _Our Business–Intellectual Property_ ” on page 181. 

We believe that our success depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property, which includes patented processes. We may not always be able to safeguard the same from infringement or passing off, both domestically and internationally, since we have operations in several countries and may not be able to respond to infringement or passing off activity occurring without our knowledge. Certain proprietary knowledge may be leaked, either inadvertently or wilfully, at various stages of the production process. In the event that the confidential technical or proprietary information in respect of our products or business becomes available to third parties or to the general public, any competitive advantage we may have over other companies in the generic injectables industry could be compromised. Moreover, our existing trademarks and patents may expire, and there can be no assurance that we will renew them after expiry. 

We also rely on technical knowledge, product information, industry data, manufacturing expertise and market “knowhow” that cannot be registered and is not subject to any confidentiality or nondisclosure clauses or agreements. If such know-how is leaked to third parties, this could erode our competitive advantage. Our trade secrets may become known or independently developed by our competitors, and in such cases, we may no longer enjoy the exclusive use of some of our formulations or maintain the confidentiality of information relating to our products. 

While we may enter into confidentiality agreements, we cannot guarantee that any of our registered or unregistered intellectual property rights or our know-how, or claims thereto, will now or in the future successfully protect what we consider to be the intellectual property underlying our products and business, or that our rights will not be successfully opposed or otherwise challenged. We also cannot guarantee that each application filed with respect to our brand names or any new products or inventions will be approved. To the extent that our innovations, products and name are not protected by intellectual property rights, third parties, including competitors, may be able to commercialise our innovations or products or use our know-how. 

Additionally, we may face claims that we are infringing the intellectual property rights of others. If we are subject to any adverse rulings or decisions, our manufacture and sale of such products could be significantly restricted or prohibited and we may be required to pay substantial damages or on-going licensing fees. 

If we are unable to protect our intellectual property and technical know-how against third party infringement or breaches of confidentiality, or are found to infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**41.** **_Any failure of our information technology systems could adversely affect our business and our operations. Further, changes in technology may render our current technologies obsolete or require us to make substantial capital investments._** 

Our business is dependent upon information technology systems, including internet-based systems, to support business processes. For details, please see “ _Our Business- Information technology_ ” on page 180. Our IT infrastructure enables us to track procurement of raw materials, sale of finished goods, payments to vendors and contract suppliers and receivables from customers. The complexity of our computer systems may make them potentially vulnerable to breakdown, malicious intrusion and computer viruses and these systems may be susceptible to outages due to fire, power loss, telecommunications failures, natural disasters, break-ins and similar events. We cannot assure you that we will not encounter disruptions to our information technology systems in the future and any such disruption may result in the loss of key information or disruption of our 

50 

business processes, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, our systems are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches, whether by employees or others that may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. While we have obtained cyber insurance and carry out periodic security tests, security breaches could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, or could lead to the public exposure of personal information (including sensitive personal information) of our employees, customers and others. Accordingly, any such security breaches could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. 

**42.** **_We have had negative cash flow from operating activities in Fiscal 2018 and it is possible that we may experience negative cash flow from operating activities in the future._** 

We have had negative cash flow from operating activities on a consolidated basis in the past as set out below: 

|**Particulars**|**Six months**<br>**ended**<br>**September 30,**<br>**2020**|**Fiscal 2020**|**Fiscal 2019**|_(₹ in million)_<br>**Fiscal 2018**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Net cash flow from / (used in)<br>operating activities (A)|354.74|1,960.03|1,876.53|(67.49)|
|Net cash flow from / (used in)<br>investing activities (B)|(577.59)|(557.62)|(1,225.48)|(850.26)|
|Net cash flow from / (used in)<br>financing activities(C)|247.84|(1,237.75)|(626.96)|847.21|



For further details, see _“Restated Consolidated Financial Statements_ ”, “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations_ ” and _“Restated Consolidated Financial Statements – Note 41(D) Liquidity Risk_ Management _”_ on pages 233, 302 and 283, respectively. We cannot assure you that our net cash flow from operating activities will be positive in the future. 

# **43.** **_We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future. There can be no assurance that these or any future related party transactions that we may enter into, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows and results of operations_** 

We have entered, and are likely to continue to enter, into transactions with related parties, including our Promoters, members of our Promoter Group and our Group Companies on an arm’s length basis. For more information on our prior related party transactions in the six months ended September 30, 2020 and Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018 and outstanding balances with related parties at the end of such periods, see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Statements_ ” and “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Statements - Annexure 1 – Related Party Disclosures_ ” on pages 233 and 289, respectively of this Red Herring Prospectus. The YCPL Acquisition is a related party transaction. 

While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arms-length basis, there can be no assurance that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions not been entered into with related parties. Furthermore, it is likely that we will continue to enter into related party transactions in the future. There can be no assurance that these or any future related party transactions that we may enter into, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows and results of operations. Further, any future transactions with our related parties may potentially involve conflicts of interest. There can also be no assurance that any dispute that may arise between us and related parties will be resolved in our favour. 

**44.** **_We have commissioned and paid for an industry report from Frost & Sullivan, which has been used for industry related data in this Red Herring Prospectus and such data has not been independently verified by us or the BRLMs._** 

The information in this section and the chapters titled “ _Summary of the Offer Document_ ”, “ _Our Business_ ”, “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations_ ” and “ _Industry Overview_ ” on pages 21, 164, 302 and 131, respectively, of this Red Herring Prospectus includes information that is derived from the Frost & Sullivan Report that we have commissioned and paid for pursuant to an agreement dated October 16, 2020 entered into with Frost & Sullivan in relation to its appointment, in connection with the Offer for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the industry. Neither we, nor 

51 

any of the Book Running Lead Managers, their associates or affiliates or any other person connected with the Offer have verified the information included in the Frost & Sullivan Report. Frost & Sullivan has advised that while the Frost & Sullivan Report has been prepared through research, involving discussing the status of the industry with leading industry participants and experts and compiling inputs from publicly available sources, including official publications and reports, quantitative market information being primarily based on such interviews and desk-based secondary research is subject to fluctuations. Investors are advised not to unduly rely on the industry related information provided in this Red Herring Prospectus when making their investment decision and such industry related information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus should not be construed as advice relating to business, financial, legal, taxation or investment matters. 

**45.** **_We operate in a competitive business environment. Competition from existing players and new entrants and consequent pricing pressures could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Further, if our competitors are able to improve the efficiency of their manufacturing processes and thereby offer their products at lower prices, our revenues and profitability may decline._** 

We are required to compete both in the domestic and international markets. We may be unable to compete with the prices and products offered by our competitors (local as well as international). We may have to compete with new players in India and abroad who enter the market and are able to offer competing products. Our competitors may have access to greater financial, manufacturing, research and development, marketing, distribution and other resources and more experience in obtaining the relevant regulatory approvals. Increasing competition may result in pricing pressures and decreasing profit margins or loss of market share or failure to improve our market position, any of which could substantially harm our business and results of operations. For instance, petrochemical manufacturing companies with larger scale operations than us may commence manufacturing the products manufactured by us. 

We cannot assure you that we shall be able to compete with our existing as well as future competitors as well as the price and services offered by them. In addition, our customers may enter into contract manufacturing arrangements with third parties, for products that they are presently purchasing from us. Our failure to successfully face existing and future competition may have an adverse impact on our business, growth and development. 

**46.** **_Our Promoter and Promoter Group will be able to exercise significant influence and control over our Company after the Offer and may have interests that are different from those of our other shareholders._** 

As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters and the other members of our Promoter Group cumulatively hold 89.51% of our issued, subscribed and paid-up Equity Share capital. Upon completion of the Offer, our Promoters and the members of the Promoter Group will collectively continue to exercise control over us, which will allow them to vote together on certain matters in our general meetings. Accordingly, the interests of our Promoters in their capacity as our Shareholders may conflict with your interests and the interests of our other shareholders. 

**47.** **_Our Promoters, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel are interested in our Company in addition to their remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Certain of our Promoters, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel may be regarded as having an interest in our Company other than reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration or benefits. Further, in addition to transactions disclosed at “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Statements_ ” on page 233, such Promoters, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel may also be deemed to be interested to the extent of Equity Shares held by them, as well as to the extent of any dividends, bonuses or other distributions on such Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that our Promoters, Directors and our Key Managerial Personnel, if they are also our shareholders, will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. 

**48.** **_Our Company’s ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on a number of factors, including but not limited to our Company’s earnings, capital requirements, contractual obligations, applicable legal restrictions and overall financial position._** 

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working 

52 

capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. The declaration and payment of dividends will be recommended by the Board of Directors and approved by the Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act 2013. We have adopted a dividend distribution policy which lays down the principles for distribution of dividend by our Company to our shareholders and sets out _inter alia_ the financial parameters and/or internal and external factors to be considered by our Company before declaring or recommending dividend to shareholders and the circumstances under which shareholders may or may not expect dividend. For details, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 231. 

We may retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of the business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. 

**49.** **_We benefit from certain export incentives from the Government of India and certain other benefits, which if withdrawn or modified may have an adverse impact on our results operations. Further, export authorities in countries to which we export our products may impose varying duties on our products and any increase in such duties may adversely affect our competitiveness, sales and results of operations._** 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company receives certain export benefits from the Government of India. Such export benefits include benefits through advance authorisation (based on prevailing input-output norms), the Merchandise Exports from India Scheme and duty drawback. In the six months ended September 30, 2020 and Fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, export incentives received/receivable by us on a consolidated basis aggregated to ` 35.41 million, ` 66.05 million, ` 79.96 million and ` 54.68 million. The withdrawal or modification of such export incentives may have an adverse effect on the revenue from exports, thereby having an adverse impact on our results of operations. 

Further we have also received certain other benefits and government grants by way of multiple interest free sales tax loans which are repayable in five instalments from their due date. As at September 30, 2020, March 31, 2020, March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018, government grants outstanding on a consolidated basis was ` 9.72 million, ` 12.96 million, ` 22.05 million and ` 33.29 million respectively. We also avail certain benefits granted by the Government of Maharashtra including refund of VAT and CST and exemption from payment of electricity duty. For details of such benefits, see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Statements-43. Exceptional Items_ ” on page 286. The withdrawal of such benefits may result in an increase in our finance and power expenses respectively, thereby adversely impacting our results of operations. 

Further, we cannot assure you that the countries where we currently export our products will not impose additional duties on our products, including the imposition of non-tariff barriers. The imposition of such duties may require us to raise the prices of our products in such countries and adversely affect our competitiveness, sales and results of operations. 

**50.** **_The objects of the Offer include funding working capital requirements of our Company and Yellowstone Fine Chemicals Private Limited, a wholly owned Subsidiary of our Company, which are based on certain assumptions and estimates._** 

The objects of the Offer include funding working capital requirements of our Company and YFCPL, which are based on management estimates and certain assumptions in relation to _inter alia_ sales of our products in the future, the cost and holding periods of inventories of raw materials and finished goods as well as capacity utilisation. For details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 100 and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations – Key Performance Ratios – Working Capital Turnover Ratio_ ” on page 332. Our working capital requirements may be subject to change due to factors beyond our control including _force majeure_ conditions, an increase in defaults by our customers, availability of funding from banks or financial institutions. Accordingly, such working capital requirements may not be indicative of the actual requirements of YCPL or our Company in the future and investors are advised to not place undue reliance on such estimates of future working capital requirements. 

**51.** **_Any downward revision of our credit ratings could result in an increase in the interest rates we would pay_** 

53 

# **_on any new borrowings and could decrease our ability to borrow as much money as we require to finance our business._** 

The cost and availability of capital, among other factors, depends on our credit rating. Our credit rating reflects, amongst other things, the rating agency’s opinion of our financial strength, operating performance, strategic position, and ability to meet our obligations. Set forth below is the instrument-wise of credit ratings assigned to our debt facilities by India Ratings & Research Private Limited since December 28, 2018 (last revalidated on February 27, 2020). There has been no downward revision in the credit ratings assigned to our Company since such date. 

|**Instrument**|**Rating**|
|---|---|
|Term Loans|Ind A+/Stable|
|Fund-based working capital facility|Ind A+/Stable/IND A1|
|Non-fund based working capital facility|IND A1|
|Commercial paper|IND A1|



Our inability to obtain such credit rating in a timely manner or any non-availability of credit ratings, or poor ratings, or any downgrade in our ratings may increase borrowing costs and constrain our access to capital and lending markets and, as a result, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, non-availability of credit ratings could increase the possibility of additional terms and conditions being added to any new or replacement financing arrangements. 

# **52.** **_If we fail to retain and attract additional skilled employees, particularly science and technical personnel, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our success depends in part on our ability to retain and attract additional skilled employees, particularly our scientists and skilled equipment operators. Without a sufficient number of skilled employees, our operations and manufacturing quality could suffer. Our ability to successfully carry out research and development depends on our ability to attract and retain skilled scientists and equipment operators. Our experienced sales team has also developed a number of meaningful customer relationships that would be difficult to replace. 

Our manufacturing operations are primarily concentrated in the Manufacturing Facilities at Mahad, Maharashtra, while the Proposed Facility will be commissioned in Lote Parshuram, Maharashtra. We accordingly require substantial skilled and semi-skilled personnel in such areas for efficient functioning of the Manufacturing Facility and Proposed Facility. Our inability to employ or retain skilled and semi-skilled personnel in such areas, may result in a disruption in our operations and we may be required to pay higher wages to the skilled and semi-skilled personnel in such areas. 

Competition for qualified technical personnel and operators as well as sales personnel with established customer relationships is intense, both in retaining our existing employees and when replacing or finding additional suitable employees. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting suitable employees. Any failure to retain and attract additional skilled scientists, equipment operators or sales personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**53.** **_We have availed certain unsecured borrowings which may be recalled by our lenders at any time. Any such demand may adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We have currently availed certain unsecured borrowings which may be recalled by the relevant lender at any time, during the tenor of the loan with or without the existence of an event of default. As on January 31, 2021, our unsecured borrowings aggregated ` 103.21 million, which represented 4.23% of our total borrowings, on a consolidated basis. We have obtained necessary consents from our lenders from whom we have availed unsecured borrowings, as required under our loan/financing documentation, for undertaking the Offer and related actions. For further details in relation to our indebtedness, please see section titled “ _Financial Indebtedness”_ on page 337. 

In the event that the lender seeks a repayment of the loan, we would need to find alternative sources of financing, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we are unable to procure such financing, we may not have adequate funds to undertake new initiatives or complete our ongoing 

54 

strategies. As a result, any such demand for repayment of unsecured borrowings may adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

**54.** **_Any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders’ approval._** 

Our Company intends to use Net Proceeds raised pursuant to the Fresh Issue in the manner set out in the section titled “ _Objects of the Offer”_ on page 100. 

In accordance with Section 27 of the Companies Act, 2013, we cannot undertake any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus without obtaining the approval of shareholders of our Company through a special resolution. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to undertake variation in the disclosed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain the approval of the shareholders of our Company in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such approval of the shareholders of our Company may adversely affect our business or operations. 

In light of these factors, we may not be able to undertake variation of objects of the Offer to use any unutilized proceeds of the Fresh Issue, if any, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. This may restrict our Company’s ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition by re-deploying the unutilized portion of Net Proceeds, if any, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**55.** **_If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to successfully manage, or accurately report, our financial risks._** 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to prepare reliable financial reports and effectively avoid fraud. Moreover, any internal controls that we have or may implement, or our level of compliance with such controls, may deteriorate over time due to evolving business conditions. There can be no assurance that deficiencies in our internal controls will not arise in the future, or that we will be able to implement, and continue to maintain, adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls. Any inability on our part to adequately detect, rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls may adversely impact our ability to accurately report, or successfully manage, our financial risks, and to avoid fraud. 

**56.** **_Our Statutory Auditor’s report on our audited consolidated financial statements for Fiscal 2018 was qualified in respect of a matter concerning our Material Subsidiary. Further, such audit report also includes an emphasis of matter in relation to our Subsidiary, Laxmi Petrochem Middle East FZE._** 

Our Statutory Auditor’s report on our audited consolidated financial statements for Fiscal 2018 was qualified in respect of a matter concerning the financial statements of our Material Subsidiary and stated that such financial statements were accounted on the basis of the management accounts including the Ind AS conversion for the purpose of making them fit for consolidation. However, as stated in the examination report dated February 23, 2021 issued by our Statutory Auditor on the Restated Consolidated Financial Statements, the financial statements of the Laxmi Netherlands for Fiscal 2018 were subsequently audited and were considered and relied upon for the purposes of the Restated Consolidated Financial Statements. No adjustments have been made in the Restated Consolidated Financial Statements in respect of this matter as there were no changes in the financial statements prepared by the management and those that were subsequently audited. Further, our Statutory Auditor’s in such audit have also drawn attention to a trade receivable of our Subsidiary, Laxmi Petrochem Middle East FZE, amounting to AED 2.16 million (approx. ` 38.26 million) as at March 31, 2018 from two customers which remained unpaid for more than a year. The auditors of Laxmi Petrochem Middle East FZE have made an emphasis of matter in their audit period for Fiscal 2018. In Fiscal 2019, our Company made provisions for the aforementioned trade receivable in its consolidated financial statements to the tune of AED 2.16 million (at the applicable exchange rate). 

**57.** **_Our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of Net Proceeds are not appraised by any independent agency are based on management estimates and may be subject to change based on various factors, some of which beyond our control. Any changes in the estimated funding requirements could affect our business and results of operations._** 

55 

We intend to use the Net Proceeds for the purposes described in “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” beginning on page 100. Our funding requirements are based on management estimates and our current business plans and has not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. The deployment of the Net Proceeds will be at the discretion of our Board. The mode of investment by our Company in YFCPL to fund the setting up of the Proposed Facility; and in relation to funding repayment/prepayment of loans availed by VLPL has currently not been determined and may be undertaken in the form of equity or debt or a combination of both or in any other manner as may be mutually decided. However, the deployment of the Net Proceeds will be monitored by the Monitoring Agency. We may have to reconsider our estimates or business plans due to changes in underlying factors, some of which are beyond our control, such as the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, interest or exchange rate fluctuations, changes in designs, increase in input costs, labour costs, logistics and transport costs, incremental preoperative expenses, taxes and duties, start-up costs, engineering procurement and construction costs, regulatory costs, environmental factors and other external factors. Accordingly, prospective investors in the Offer will need to rely upon our management’s judgment with respect to the use of the Net Proceeds. If we are unable to deploy the Net Proceeds in a timely or an efficient manner, it may affect our business and results of operations. 

**58.** **_There are certain amounts which remain unspent by our Company towards CSR expenditure. Any failure to spend these amounts in accordance with Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 (read with the relevant rules prescribed thereunder) may adversely impact our cash flows and reputation._** 

Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, our Company is required to spend at least 2% of the average net profits in the preceding three years, towards CSR activities, in the manner prescribed under Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 (read with the relevant rules prescribed thereunder). In the event such amounts remain unspent, the same are required to be dealt with in the manner prescribed. We incurred an expenditure of ₹ 0.40 million, ₹ 32.46 million and ₹ 5.88 million in Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018 respectively, towards corporate social responsibility expenditure in compliance with the Companies Act, 2013. In accordance with the Companies Act, 2013, an aggregate amount of ` 15.61 million was unspent as on March 31, 2018 which was added to the CSR corpus for Fiscal 2019 and accordingly was spent towards CSR expenditure in Fiscal 2019. In Fiscal 2019 there were no amounts unspent towards CSR expenditure. Further, as on March 31, 2020, an aggregate amount of ₹ 21.67 million was unspent which was added to the CSR corpus for Fiscal 2021. In the event we are unable to spend such unspent amounts in the manner and within the timeline prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013, we may attract penalties under the Companies Act, 2013. Any such non-compliance as well as any penalties imposed in this regard may adversely impact our cash flows and reputation. 

# **59.** **_The proceeds from the Offer for Sale component of the Offer shall be received directly by the Promoter Selling Shareholder._** 

The Offer includes the Offer for Sale by the Promoter Selling Shareholder. The proceeds from the Offer for Sale component of the Offer will be paid directly to the Promoter Selling Shareholder. We will not receive any of the proceeds from the Offer for Sale and will accordingly not have access to such funds. 

**60.** **_We have issued Equity Shares in the last 12 months at a price that may be lower than the Offer Price._** 

Pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, we have on February 27, 2021 and on March 1, 2021 allotted an aggregate of 15,503,875 Equity Shares on a preferential basis for an aggregate consideration of ` 2,000.00 million at a price of ` 129.00 per Equity Share. The issue price of such allotments pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement may be lower than the Offer Price. For further details, see “ _Capital Structure-Notes to the Capital Structure_ ” on page 83. 

**61.** **_In the event the Offer is not completed within 12 months from February 11, 2021, our Company has an obligation to buy-back Equity Shares allotted to investors pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement (such investors, the “Pre-IPO Investors”)._** 

In connection with the Pre-IPO Placement, our Company has issued the letters dated March 1, 2021 to the Pre-IPO Investors (“ **Pre-IPO Letters** ”). Pursuant to the Pre-IPO Letters, each of the Pre-IPO Investors has a right to require our Company to buy-back (subject to compliance with applicable law) their respective Equity Shares allotted pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, if the Equity Shares are not listed on the Stock Exchanges, on or before the expiry of 12 months from February 11, 2021 at the price at which Equity Shares were 

56 

subscribed by the Pre-IPO Investors. While this option automatically terminates on the listing of the Equity Shares pursuant to the Offer, we cannot assure you that the Offer will be consummated on or prior to such date. In the event the option is exercised by one or all of the Pre-IPO Investors, our Company may require significant resources towards buying back such shareholding which in turn may have a material adverse impact on the Company and its prospects. 

# **EXTERNAL RISKS** 

**_1. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located elsewhere, including India. Adverse economic developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficit, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 

We are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in which we operate. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. Demand for our products may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional and global economies. Economic growth in the countries in which we operate is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports, global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall which affects agricultural production. Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Also, a change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could adversely affect economic conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular and high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our revenues, and as such decrease our operating margins. 

**_2. Natural disasters, fires, epidemics, pandemics, acts of war, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other events could materially and adversely affect our business._** 

Natural disasters (such as typhoons, flooding and earthquakes), epidemics, pandemics such as COVID-19, acts of war, terrorist attacks and other events, many of which are beyond our control, may lead to economic instability, including in India or globally, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations may be adversely affected by fires, natural disasters and/or severe weather, which can result in damage to our property or inventory and generally reduce our productivity and may require us to evacuate personnel and suspend operations. Any terrorist attacks or civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic and political events in India or countries to who we export our products could have a negative effect on us. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the price of the Equity Shares. A number of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to contagious diseases and, for example, have had confirmed cases of diseases such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID-19 virus. A worsening of the current outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic or future outbreaks of COVID-19 virus or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the Indian economy and economic activity in the region. As a result, any present or future outbreak of a contagious disease could have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

**_3. A downgrade in ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of 

57 

India. India’s sovereign ratings have recently been downgraded. For instance, our credit rating was downgraded by Moody’s from Baa2 with a “negative” outlook to Baa3 with a “negative” outlook and by Fitch from BBB- with a “stable” outlook to BBB- with a “negative” outlook. Any further adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_4. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia, Russia and elsewhere in the world in recent years has adversely affected the Indian economy. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby negatively affect the Indian economy. Financial disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on our principal markets. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. Following the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union (“ **Brexit** ”), there remains significant uncertainty around the terms of their future relationship with the European Union and, more generally, as to the impact of Brexit on the general economic conditions in the United Kingdom and the European Union and any consequential impact on global financial markets. For example, Brexit could give rise to increased volatility in foreign exchange rate movements and the value of equity and debt investments. 

In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy as well as a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term effect of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. Any significant financial disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets? and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_5. If there is any change in laws or regulations, including taxation laws, or their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect our financial statements._** 

Any change in Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. For instance, the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Ordinance, 2019, a new tax ordinance issued by India’s Ministry of Finance on September 20, 2019, prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. According to this new ordinance, companies can henceforth voluntarily opt in favour of a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which would ultimately reduce the effective tax rate for Indian companies from 34.94% to approximately 25.17%. While we have not opted for the concessional regime and continue to be subject to other benefits and exemptions, any such future amendments may affect our other benefits such as exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemption for interest received in respect of tax free bonds, and long-term capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. 

58 

The Finance Act, 2020 (“ **Finance Act** ”), has, amongst others things, provided a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime, including, without limitation, a simplified alternate direct tax regime and that dividend distribution tax ( **“DDT** ”), will not be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident and likely be subject to tax deduction at source. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source from such dividend. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. Further, the Government of India has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2021, pursuant to which the Finance Bill, 2021 (“Finance Bill”), has introduced various amendments. The Finance Bill is yet to receive assent from the President of India. We have not fully determined the impact of these recent and proposed laws and regulations on our business. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. Further, if we are affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of such laws and regulations or any related proceedings, or are required to bear any costs in order to comply with such provisions or to defend such proceedings, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected. 

In addition, we are subject to tax related inquiries and claims. We may be particularly affected by claims from tax authorities on account of income tax assessment, service tax and GST that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into one unified rate of interest with effect from July 1, 2017. 

For instance, the Finance Act, 2019 stipulates any sale, transfer and issue of securities through exchanges, depositories or otherwise to be charged with stamp duty. The Finance Act, 2019 has also clarified that the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a nondelivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2019 may have on our Company’s business and operations. 

Further, the Government of India has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2021, pursuant to which the Finance Act, effective from July 1, 2020, has introduced various amendments. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2020 may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

Similarly, changes in other laws may require additional compliances and/or result in us incurring additional expenditure. For instance, in order to rationalize and reform labour laws in India, the Government of India has notified four labour codes which are yet to come into force as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, namely, (i) the Code on Wages, 2019, (iii) the Code on Social Security, 2020; and (iv) the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020. Such codes will replace the existing legal framework governing rights of workers and labour relations. Once these codes are in force, we may be required to incur additional expenditure to ensure compliance with them. 

Additionally, a draft of the Personal Data Protection Bill, 2019 has been introduced before the Lok Sabha on December 11, 2019, which has currently been referred to a joint parliamentary committee. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. 

59 

Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. 

**_6. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our services at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our clients thereby reducing our margins._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of transportation, wages, raw materials and other expenses relevant to our business. 

High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our clients, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or increase the amount of fees for services to pass the increase in costs on to our clients. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Further, the Government of India has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

# **_7. Our ability to raise foreign capital may be constrained by Indian law._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions), if they comply with the valuation and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and fall under any of the exceptions specified by the RBI, then the RBI’s prior approval is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms, or at all. 

In terms of Press Note 3 of 2020 dated April 17, 2020 and the Consolidated FDI Policy Circular of 2020 issued by the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade, the foreign direct investment policy has been recently amended to state that all investments under the foreign direct investment route by entities of a country which shares land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country will require prior approval of the GoI. Further, in the event of transfer of ownership of any existing or future foreign direct investment in an entity in India, directly or indirectly, resulting in the beneficial ownership falling within the aforesaid restriction/ purview, such subsequent change in the beneficial ownership will also require approval of the GoI. While the term “beneficial owner” is defined under the Prevention of Money-Laundering (Maintenance of Records) Rules, 2005 and the General Financial Rules, 2017, neither the foreign direct investment policy nor the FEMA Rules provide a definition of the term “beneficial owner”. The interpretation of “beneficial owner” and enforcement of this regulatory change involves certain uncertainties, which may have an adverse effect on our ability to raise foreign capital. Further, there is uncertainty regarding the timeline within which the said approval from the GoI may be obtained, if at all. 

# **_8. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us._** 

Our Company is a company incorporated under the laws of India. A majority of our Company’s Directors and officers are residents of India and a substantial portion of our assets and such persons are located in India. 

60 

As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce judgments obtained against such parties outside India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if that court was of the view that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy, or if judgments are in breach or contrary to Indian law. In addition, a party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain approval from the RBI to execute such a judgment or to repatriate outside India any amounts recovered. 

# **RISKS RELATING TO THE EQUITY SHARES AND THE OFFER** 

**_9. The trading volume and market price of the Equity Shares may be volatile following the Offer._** 

The market price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate as a result of, among other things, the following factors, some of which are beyond our control: 

- quarterly variations in our results of operations; 

- results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

- results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 

- changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by research analysts and investors; 

- a change in research analysts’ recommendations; 

- announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments; 

- announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us; 

- • new laws and governmental regulations applicable to our industry; 

- additions or departures of key management personnel; 

- changes in exchange rates; 

- fluctuations in stock market prices and volume; and 

- general economic and stock market conditions. 

Changes in relation to any of the factors listed above could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_10. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 125 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the issue and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that you will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

Further, the BRLMs have previously handled public issues wherein the market price of the issued shares declined below the issue price of shares in such public issues within 30 and/or 180 days of their listing. We cannot, therefore, assure investors that they will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. For further information regarding the track record of past issues handled by each of the BRLMs, see “ _Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Price information of past issues handled by the BRLMs (during the current Fiscal and two Fiscals preceding the current Fiscal)_ ” beginning on page 355. 

**_11. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and the Offer may not result in an active or liquid market for the Equity Shares. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and the investors may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the stock exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, 

61 

developments relating to India and volatility in the Stock Exchanges and securities markets elsewhere in the world. 

# **_12. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of income arising on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares held as investments in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Any capital gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares on a Stock Exchange held for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to long term capital gains in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as whether the sale is undertaken on or off the Stock Exchanges, the quantum of gains and any available treaty relief. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of Securities Transaction Tax (“ **STT** ”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. 

Further, any capital gains realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. 

Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will not be chargeable to tax in India in cases where relief from such taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident and the seller is entitled to avail benefits thereunder. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

Similarly, any business income realized from the transfer of Equity Shares held as trading assets is taxable at the applicable tax rates subject to any treaty relief, if applicable, to a non-resident seller. Additionally, in terms of the Finance Act, 2018, which has been notified on March 29, 2018 with effect from April 1, 2018, the tax payable by an assessee on the capital gains arising from transfer of long term capital asset (introduced as section 112A of the Income-Tax Act, 1961) shall be calculated on such long-term capital gains at the rate of 10%, where the long-term capital gains exceed ₹100,000, subject to certain exceptions in case of a resident individuals and HUF. 

Further, the Finance Act, 2019 has made various amendments in the taxation laws and has also clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non -delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. These amendments were notified on December 10, 2019and have come into effect from July 1, 2020. 

The Finance Act, 2020 has also provided a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime, including, without limitation, a simplified alternate direct tax regime and that DDT will not be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. The Company would be required to deduct tax at source from dividend credited, paid or distributed to its shareholders. 

The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source pursuant to any corporate action including dividends. 

**_13. Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Offer._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited with the Equity Shares within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately six Working Days from 

62 

the Bid/Offer Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid/Offer Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise any delay in commencing trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

**_14. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked instruments by us may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering of Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares including through exercise of employee stock options, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us or sales of our Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that we will not issue Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares or that our Shareholders will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

**_15. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by equity shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the trading price of our Equity Shares and returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

**_16. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For further information, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 381. 

**_17. Investors will be subject to market risks until the Equity Shares credited to the investor’s demat account are listed and permitted to trade._** 

Investors may begin trading the Equity Shares allotted to them only after they have been credited to an investor’s demat account, are listed and permitted to trade. Since the Equity Shares are currently not traded on the Stock Exchanges, investors will be subject to market risk from the date they pay for the Equity Shares to the date when trading approval is granted for the same. Further, there can be no assurance that the Equity 

63 

Shares allocated to an investor will be credited to the investor’s demat account or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner. 

**_18. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after the submission of their Bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after closure of the Bid/ Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/ Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until the Bid/ Offer Closing Date. While we are required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within six Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by the SEBI, events affecting the investors’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events may limit the Investors’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

**_19. Investors may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting on such resolution. 

However, if the law of the jurisdiction the investors are in, does not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our Company filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless our Company makes such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in our Company would be reduced. 

# **_20. The requirements of being a publicly listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a publicly listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the SEBI Listing Regulations, which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. 

Further, as a publicly listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

64 

