# **SECTION II – RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider all the information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, the industry in which we operate or to India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not currently known to us or that we currently do not deem material may also adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are not currently deemed material, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected, the price of our Equity Shares could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. In order to obtain a complete understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “_ **_Our Business_** _”, “_ **_Industry Overview_** _”, “_ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_** _” and “_ **_Financial Statements_** _” on pages 214, 156, 383 and 288, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and our business and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved._ 

_Potential investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are unable to quantify the financial or other impact of any of the risks described in this section. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Draft Red Herring Prospectus also contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forwardlooking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “_ **_Forward-Looking Statements_** _” on page 18._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the report “Independent Market Report: Indian Online Travel Agency Industry” dated December 2023 (the “_ **_F&S Report_** _”) exclusively prepared and issued by Frost & Sullivan who were appointed on August 16, 2023, and commissioned by and paid for by us for the purpose of this Offer. A copy of the F&S Report is available on the website of our Company at_ w _ww.ixigo.com/about/investor-relations/industry-report_ . _Also see, “_ **_Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information and Market Data and Currency of Presentation – Industry and Market Data_** _” on page 15. The data included herein includes excerpts from the F&S Report and may have been re-ordered by us for the purposes of presentation. There are no parts, data or information (which may be relevant for the proposed Offer), that has been left out or changed in any manner. The F&S Report has also been included in “_ **_Material Contracts and Documents for Inspection_** _–_ **_Material Documents_** _” on page 508. Unless otherwise indicated, financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the F&S Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year. Unless otherwise indicated, references to online and OTA travel business in the F&S report and information derived therefrom, are in accordance with the presentation, analysis and categorization in the F&S Report. Our segment reporting in the financial statements is based on the criteria set out in Ind AS 108 "Operating Segments" and accordingly, we do not prepare our financial statements as per the segments outlined in the F&S Report._ 

_Unless stated otherwise, our financial results for the nine months ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023 have not been annualised and are accordingly not comparable to our financial results for a full Fiscal._ 

# **<u>Valuation Risk Factor</u>** 

**_1. The Offer Price, market capitalization to revenue multiple and price to earnings ratio based on the Offer Price of our Company, may not be indicative of the market price of the Company on listing or thereafter._** 

Set forth below are details regarding our revenue from operations and restated profit/ (loss) after tax in the corresponding year/ period: 

30 

|**Particulars**|**Fiscal 2023**<br>**Nine mo**<br>**(₹ million)**|**nths ended D**<br>**2023**|**ecember 31,**|
|---|---|---|---|
|Revenue from operations|5,012.50||4,910.21|
|Restated profit/ (loss) for the period/|233.96||657.12|
|year||||



Our market capitalization to revenue from operations (Fiscal 2023) multiple is [●] times and our price to earnings ratio (based on Fiscal 2023 restated profit / (loss) after tax for the period / year) is [●] at the upper end of the Price Band and [●] at the lower end of the Price Band. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined on the basis of assessment of market demand for the Equity Shares offered through a book-building process, and certain quantitative and qualitative factors as set out in the section titled “ **_Basis for Offer Price_** ” on page 144 and the Offer Price, multiples and ratios may not be indicative of the market price of the Company on listing or thereafter. Investors are advised to make an informed decision while investing in our Company taking into consideration the price per share that will be published in price advertisement, the revenue generated per share in the past and the market capitalization of our company viz-a-viz the revenue generated per share. 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. 

Any valuation exercise undertaken for the purposes of the Offer by our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers, is not based on a benchmark with our industry peers. The relevant financial parameters based on which the Price Band would be determined and shall be disclosed in the advertisement that would be issued for publication of the Price Band. 

The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, our competitors launching new products or superior products, any public health crisis, announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us, volatility in the securities markets in India and other jurisdictions, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

# **<u>Risks Relating to Business and Industry</u>** 

**_2. We originally commenced operations as a meta search website and subsequently transitioned to become an OTA. We have limited experience of operating as an OTA._** 

We commenced operations in 2007 as a travel meta-search website. As a travel meta-search website, we aimed at providing travellers an aggregated comparison of deals and accurate travel information, facilitating their purchase of flight tickets on third-party airline and OTA websites. We enabled travellers to research and compare relevant price information and book their preferred flight in a cost-efficient and informed manner and we reported income from such services as revenue from contracts with customers from advertisement referrals. Subsequently, we transitioned to an OTA model in Fiscal 2020. As an OTA, we operate as the merchant of record for transactions and work directly with suppliers and airlines to enable domestic and international flight ticketing on our platform and we reported income from such services as ticketing revenues. Similarly, we have launched our hotels business in Fiscal 2024. Set forth below are details of our revenues from contracts with customers from advertisement revenue, as well as our ticketing revenues, in the corresponding years/ periods: 

|**Particulars**||**Fiscal**||**Nine months end**<br>**31,**|**ed December**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2021**|**2022**|**2023**|**2022**|**2023**|
|||**(₹ millio**<br>|**n, except percenta**<br>|**ges)**<br>||
|Advertisement revenue|79.66|144.20|240.86|194.75|223.16|
|Advertisement revenue, as a<br>percentage of total revenue<br>from contracts with customers|5.88%|3.80%|4.81%|5.35%|4.54%|
|Ticketing revenue|1,262.55|3,619.20|4,670.33|3,383.67|4,522.78|
|Ticketing revenue, as a<br>percentage of total revenue<br>from contracts with customers|93.13%|95.35%|93.17%|92.88%|92.11%|



31 

Accordingly, we have limited operating history as an OTA and we may not have sufficient experience in managing our OTA operations which could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

**_3. A general decline or disruptions in the travel industry may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

<mark>Our business is significantly affected by the trends that occur in the travel industry in India and globally, including the transportation ticketing and accommodation reservation sectors. As the travel industry is highly sensitive to business and personal discretionary spending levels, it tends to decline during general economic downturns. Trends or events that tend to reduce travel and are likely to reduce our revenues include:</mark> 

- actual or threatened war or terrorist activities; 

- an outbreak of monkeypox, EVD, MERS, SARS, H1N1 flu, H7N9 flu, and avian flu, or any other serious contagious diseases or other health-related concerns including the outbreak of a pandemic; 

- increasing prices in the transportation ticketing, hotel, or other travel-related sectors; 

- rise in commodity prices specifically crude oil prices, resulting in increase in fares and inflation; 

- increasing occurrence of travel-related accidents; 

- political unrest, civil strife, or other geopolitical uncertainty; 

- natural disasters or poor weather conditions, such as hurricanes, earthquakes, or tsunamis, as well as the physical effects of climate change, which may include more frequent or severe storms, flooding, rising sea levels, water shortage, droughts, and wildfires; and 

- any travel restrictions in India and elsewhere in the world and quarantine measures or other security procedures implemented in connection with any major events in India and elsewhere in the world. 

The occurrence of such events could also result in disruptions to existing users’ travel plans and we may incur additional costs and constrained liquidity if we provide relief to affected customers by not charging cancellation fees or by refunding the cost of air tickets, hotel bookings and other travel services and products. <mark>We could be severely and adversely affected by declines or disruptions in the travel industry and, in many cases, have little or no control over the occurrence of such events. Such events, including any future outbreak of COVID-19, could result in a decrease in demand for our travel and travel-related products and services. This decrease in demand, depending on the scope and duration, could significantly and adversely affect our business and financial performance over the short and long term.</mark> 

**_4. Our train ticketing services depend on our agreement with IRCTC. The termination of our agreement with IRCTC could preclude us from undertaking our train ticketing services and could otherwise have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and business prospects._** 

We undertake our train ticketing services pursuant to an agreement with IRCTC, pursuant to which we have been appointed as a principal service provider on a non-exclusive basis for booking of reserved e-tickets for train travel. Set forth below are details regarding our train ticketing revenue in the corresponding years/ periods: 

|**Fisca**|**l 2021**|**Fiscal**|**2022**|**Fiscal**|**2023**|**Nine mont**<br>**December**|**hs ended**<br>**31, 2022**|**Nine mon**<br>**Decembe**|**ths ended**<br>**r 31, 2023**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Train**<br>**ticketing**|**Train**<br>**ticketing**|**Train**<br>**ticketing**|**Train**<br>**ticketing**|**Train**<br>**ticketing**|**Train**<br>**ticketing**|**Train**<br>**ticketing**|**Train**<br>**ticketing**|**Train**<br>**ticketing**|**Train**<br>**ticketing**|
|**revenue**<br>*** (₹**|**revenue**<br>**as**|**revenue**<br>*** (₹**|**revenue**<br>**as**|**revenue**<br>*** (₹**|**revenue**<br>**as**|**revenue**<br>*** (₹**|**revenue**<br>**as**|**revenue**<br>*** (₹**|**revenue**<br>**as**|
|**million)**|**percenta**<br>**ge of**|**million)**|**percenta**<br>**ge of**|**million)**|**percenta**<br>**ge of**|**million)**|**percenta**<br>**ge of**|**million)**|**percenta**<br>**ge of**|
||**gross**||**gross**||**gross**||**gross**||**gross**|
||**ticketing**||**ticketing**||**ticketing**||**ticketing**||**ticketing**|
||**revenue**||**revenue**||**revenue**||**revenue**||**revenue**|
||**(%)**||**(%)**||**(%)**||**(%)**||**(%)**|
|316.20|21.15%|2,044.79|47.13%|2,839.29|46.83%|2,057.40|46.58%|2,653.48|45.30%|



* _Train ticketing revenue is derived  from Segment Information which is as per Ind AS-108 business segment_ . 

32 

Our business is therefore dependent on maintaining our arrangement with IRCTC. Our agreement with IRCTC has been renewed or extended several times since it was awarded in May 2017 initially, and was most recently renewed until April 30, 2028. In our agreement with IRCTC, we are required to pay annual maintenance charges, advertising charges for promotional activities undertaken and refundable security deposits which are liable to be forfeited in case of violation of any terms and conditions of the agreement with or policy of IRCTC or misuse of IRCTC services, resulting in loss of reputation of IRCTC. Further, IRCTC has the right to discontinue the service until annual maintenance charges are paid as well as the right to impose penalty in case of any misconduct in relation providing refunds to customers and right to terminate the agreement at its sole discretion without providing any reasons. While we have historically been in compliance with the terms and obligations under the agreement with IRCTC, any failure by us to meet these obligations may constitute a termination event and could give IRCTC the right to retain the security deposit. In addition, in the event we are allowed to continue operating under the agreement despite a breach of our obligations, IRCTC may impose further, more onerous, security or performance requirements which may be costly to meet. Any variation or termination of our agreement with IRCTC may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. We have also entered into a similar separate arrangement with IRCTC to act as principal service provider for booking of e-tickets for train travel on our Confirm Ticket platform, which is valid till January 11, 2025. For details of amalgamation of Confirm Ticket into our Company, see " **_History and Certain Corporate Matters  - Details regarding material acquisitions or divestments of business/undertakings, mergers, amalgamation, any revaluation of assets, etc., in the last 10 years - Amalgamation of Confirm Ticket with our Company_** ” on page 257. 

Since our arrangement with IRCTC is on a non-exclusive basis, IRCTC engages with and may continue to engage with other distribution partners for its tickets, including our competitors. Further, IRCTC, itself operates an online website and mobile applications for sale of railway tickets, thereby providing a channel for direct distribution to customers. As a result, our ability to effectively compete in the railway tickets business depends significantly on our ability to cross-sell, offer an enhanced customer experience and market additional value-added travel products and services. 

**_5. Confirm Ticket, our erstwhile Subsidiary, which has now been amalgamated into our Company, had defaulted in payment of certain statutory dues prior to its acquisition by our Company._** 

Confirm Ticket, our erstwhile Subsidiary, which has now been amalgamated into our Company pursuant to the Scheme of Amalgamation, prior to its acquisition by our Company, had defaulted in payment of statutory dues under the Employee State Insurance Act, 1948 for the period from August 2019 to September 2020 and in payment of dues under the Provident Fund Act, 1952 for the period from July 2019 to September 2020, collectively amounting to ₹ 0.25 million. The dues payable by Confirm Ticket have subsequently been paid by it. However, we cannot assure you that we or our Subsidiary will not default in the payment of statutory dues in the future. Any such defaults may subject us to fines and penalties which could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

**_6. Any failure to maintain satisfactory performance of our technology infrastructure, including our OTA platforms, particularly those leading to disruptions in our services, could materially and adversely affect our business and reputation, and our business may be harmed if our technology infrastructure or technology is damaged or otherwise fails or becomes obsolete._** 

Any system interruptions that result in the unavailability or slowdown of our mobile applications, websites, or other systems and the disruption in our services, or those of our partners including airlines, IRCTC, bus operators, hotels, online payment processors and aggregators, could reduce the volume of our business and make us less attractive to users. While there have not been any material instances of business disruption on account of failure of our or third party technology infrastructure, there have been instances where the IRCTC API service that are linked to our OTA platforms has been unavailable for a short duration, which resulted in unavailability of train ticketing services for us. See also “— **_We rely on third party service providers for a significant portion of our operational services and our business may be adversely affected if they fail to meet our requirements or face operational disruptions_** .” on page 41. 

Our technology infrastructure is vulnerable to damage or interruption from human error, fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure, physical break-ins or other attempts at system sabotage, vandalism, natural disasters, and other similar events. Further, our security practices may be insufficient and third parties may breach our systems through trojans, spyware, ransomware, denial of service attacks or other malware attacks, or breaches, intentional or not, by our employees or third-party service providers, which may result in unauthorized use or 

33 

disclosure of information. For example, on May 14, 2021, we were subject to a ransomware attack, where the attacker attempted to prevent our servers from operating. We were able to prevent that attack through our ransomware detection and prevention solutions and the attacker had to subsequently withdraw the attack. Any leakage of sensitive information could lead to a misuse of data, violate applicable privacy, data security and other laws, cause significant legal and financial risks and negative publicity, and adversely affect our business and reputation. Capacity constraints could cause unanticipated system disruptions, slower response times, poor user support, impaired quality and speed of reservations and confirmations and delays in reporting accurate financial and operating information. 

Artificial intelligence (“ **AI** ”) and machine learning technologies serve a key role for our OTA platforms and in many of our products. Potential government regulation in the space of AI ethics may increase the burden and cost of research and development in this area, subjecting us to brand or reputational harm, competitive harm or legal liability. Failure to address AI ethics issues by us or others in our industry could undermine public confidence in AI and associated platforms, products and services. 

Expenses incurred by us towards AI and machine learning form a part of our technology and related costs and our employee benefit expenses. Set forth below are details of our technology and related costs, as well as our employee benefits expense in the corresponding years/ periods: 

|**Particulars**||**Fiscal**<br>||**Nine month**<br>**Decembe**<br>|**s ended**<br>**r 31,**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2021**|**2022**|**2023**|**2022**|**2023**|
|||**(₹ million**<br>|**, except percent**<br>|**ages)**<br>||
|Technology and related cost|62.71|156.49|223.02|165.94|212.65|
|Technology and related cost, as a<br>percentage of revenue from<br>operations|4.63%|4.12%|4.45%|4.55%|4.33%|
|Employee benefits expense|347.98|951.60|1,262.61|919.55|1,064.06|
|Employee benefits expense, as a<br>percentage of revenue from<br>operations|25.67%|25.07%|25.19%|25.24%|21.67%|



In addition, our future success will depend on our ability to adapt our OTA platforms, products and services to the changes in technologies and internet user behavior. We are dependent on the interoperability of our services with popular mobile devices and mobile operating systems that we do not control, such as Android, iOS, and Windows. Any changes in such mobile operating systems or devices that degrade the functionality of our services or give preferential treatment to competitive services could adversely affect usage of our services. Further, if the number of platforms for which we develop our services increases, it will result in an increase in our cost structures. In addition, the widespread adoption of new internet technologies, AI or other technological changes could require significant expenditures to modify or integrate our products or services. If we fail to keep up with these changes to remain competitive, our future success may be adversely affected. 

**_7. Our processing, storage, use and disclosure of personal data exposes us to risks of internal or external security breaches and could give rise to liabilities. Further, we are subject to privacy regulations, and compliance with these regulations could impose significant compliance burdens._** 

Security breaches could result in negative publicity, damage our reputation, expose us to risk of loss or litigation and potential liability. We have implemented a number of information security measures as part of our information security architecture that include an information security policy and security technology framework. We have also implemented measures in relation to our operations security, access control and in particular remote access, network connectivity security and security of mobile devices. We have also received an ISO 27001 certificate certifying that our information security management system complies with the requirements of ISO/IEC 27001:2013 and a certificate for compliance with payment card industry data security standard (PCI DSS). In 2019, following access to user accounts data by an unauthorized party we upgraded our security infrastructure based on the findings of an independent agency as part of its assessment of our information security systems. Certain of the findings included implementation of stronger password policies for all internet facing assets, validating user inputs to server URLs, and maintaining a custom whitelist for application-level access of internal/external resources. These suggestions have been implemented by us. 

As part of our operations, we are required to comply with the Information Technology Act, 2000 (“ **Information Technology Act** ”) and the rules thereof, each as amended which provides for civil and criminal liability including 

34 

compensation to persons affected, penalties and imprisonment for various cyber related offenses, including unauthorized disclosure of confidential information and failure to protect sensitive personal data. India has already implemented certain privacy laws, including the Information Technology (Reasonable security practices and procedures and sensitive personal data or information) Rules, 2011, which impose limitations and restrictions on the collection, use, disclosure and transfer of personal information. 

Practices regarding the collection, use, storage, transmission and security of personal information by companies operating over the internet have recently come under increased public scrutiny around the world. In the European Union, the General Data Protection Regulation, requires companies to implement and remain compliant with regulations regarding the handling of personal data, including its use, protection and the ability of persons whose data is stored to correct or delete such data about themselves. Other countries in Asia, Europe and Latin America have passed or are considering similar privacy regulations, resulting in additional compliance burdens and uncertainty as to how some of these laws will be interpreted. Any liability we may incur for violation of such laws and related costs of compliance and other burdens may adversely affect our business and profitability. 

Additionally, the Digital Personal Data Protection Act, 2023 (“ **DPDP Act** ”) was notified in August 2023 and seeks to replace the existing data protection provisions, as contained in Section 43A of the Information Technology Act. Though notified, the DPDP Act shall come into force on such date as subsequently notified by the Central Government. The DPDP Act seeks to balance the rights of individuals to protect their personal data with the need to process personal data for lawful and other incidental purposes. The DPDP Act focuses on personal data protection for implementing organizational and technical measures in processing digital personal data and lays down norms for cross-border transfer of personal data including ensuring the accountability of entities processing personal data. The DPDP Act requires companies that collect and deal with high volumes of personal data to fulfil certain additional obligations such as appointment of a data protection officer for grievance redressal and a data auditor to evaluate compliance with the DPDP Act. The DPDP Act further provides that personal data may be processed only in accordance with the DPDP Act, and for a lawful purpose after obtaining the consent of the individual or for certain legitimate uses. For further information, see “ **_Key Regulations and Policies in India – The Digital Personal Data Protection Act, 2023_** ” on page 250. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_8. We are expected to continuously innovate, develop and upgrade our OTA platforms and to expand and diversify our product and service offerings in order to remain competitive and if the roll-out of new products and services, features, improvements and strategies do not meet our objectives or customer expectations, it could adversely impact our business and financial condition._** 

In order to attract and retain customers and compete against our competitors, we must continue to invest significant resources in research and development to enhance our technology infrastructure, expand and diversify our product and service offerings, and improve our existing products and services. Set forth below are details of our technology and related costs in the corresponding years/ periods: 

|**Particulars**||**Fiscal**||**Nine month**<br>**Decembe**|**s ended**<br>**r 31,**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2021**|**2022**<br>**(₹ million**|**2023**<br>**, except percent**|**2022**<br>**ages)**|**2023**|
|Technology and related cost|62.71|156.49|223.02|165.94|212.65|
|Technology and related cost, as a<br>percentage of revenue from<br>operations|4.63%|4.12%|4.45%|4.55%|4.33%|



For further information, see “ **_Our Business – Strategies – Increase monetization through cross-selling and upselling_** ” and **_Our Business – Strategies - Improve operating leverage through investment in deep tech and artificial intelligence"_** on pages 229 and 230, respectively. There is no guarantee that any new features or initiatives we develop will ultimately be successful and, if they are not, our business and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. Even if we are able to successfully introduce new offerings, and adopt new features, improvements or strategies, the impact of such initiatives may take longer to develop than we expect or not develop at all. If such new features, initiatives or services are not well accepted, the reputation of our existing website, applications, features <mark>and services and our overall brand and reputation may be harmed.</mark> 

35 

In relation to certain of our products, we are also liable for customer refunds, cancellation and rescheduling charges. For example, we built and launched ixigo Assured, our free cancellation option for bookings, provided at a nominal charge, to enable our customers to make bookings but receive refunds in case they decide to cancel their trips for any reason. Further, we have introduced ‘ixigo Assured Flex’, a service offered at a nominal cost, that allows the purchase of a fully flexible airline ticket with no additional payment for rescheduling, or change to any other flight, apart from the fare difference for air travellers across all domestic flights for greater convenience and flexibility. While we offer these services for a nominal fee, we bear the costs incurred towards such refunds, cancellation and rescheduling charges. Set forth below are details of costs incurred by us on refunds, cancellations and rescheduling charges in the corresponding years/ periods: 

|**Particulars**||**Fiscal**||**Nine month**<br>**Decembe**|**s ended**<br>**r 31,**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2021**|**2022**<br>**(₹ million**|**2023**<br>**, except percent**|**2022**<br>**ages)**|**2023**|
|Customer refunds/ cancellation<br>costs|53.60|615.03|976.27|715.44|953.34|
|Customer refunds/ cancellation<br>costs, as a percentage of revenue<br>from operations|3.95%|16.20%|19.48%|19.64%|19.42%|



In the event we are required to make substantial payouts as part of such product offerings which are not offset by the charges of such services, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

**_9. If we fail to maintain and enhance our brands “ixigo”, “ConfirmTkt” and “AbhiBus” or if we fail to maintain the quality of customer service, we may face difficulty in maintaining existing and acquiring new users and business partners and our business may be harmed._** 

<mark>Maintaining and enhancing our “</mark> _<mark>ixigo</mark>_ <mark>”, “</mark> _<mark>ConfirmTkt</mark>_ <mark>” or “</mark> _<mark>AbhiBus</mark>_ <mark>” brands depend in part on our ability to grow our user base. T</mark> he successful promotion of our brands will depend on our ability to maintain a sizeable and active user base, relationships with our suppliers, provide high-quality user support, properly address user needs and handle user complaints and organize effective marketing and advertising programs. If we fail to provide quality customer service, our customers may be less inclined to book travel products and services with us or recommend us to new customers, and may switch to our competitors. <mark>Users may raise complaints against us if they are dissatisfied with the travel booking process and services provided in relation to travel bookings like rescheduling or cancellation and refunds for cancellations. Users may also raise complaints against us if they are dissatisfied with the travel products and services provided to them. W</mark> e have established a standard operating procedure to provide assistance to our customers for rescheduling, cancellations and refunds of train, flight and bus tickets booked by such customers. As per the Customer Grievance Redressal Policy, grievance redressal mechanisms for customers and end-users include: (i) the Customer Service tab on our platforms that address category-wise queries and complaints; (ii) artificial intelligence-based chatbot TARA; (iii) e-mail support which provides the customer with an acknowledgement response along with the ticket number referencing their complaint within 24 hours of their writing to our email address at customersupport@ixigo.com; (iv) customer support facility at helpline number 011- 61224444 available during business hours between 09:30 A.M. to 05:30 P.M. from Monday to Friday for addressing grievances / issues which remain unresolved using the aforementioned modes; and (v) written complaints to our Customer Experience team. The amount and the timelines for refund are based on the rescheduling/cancellation/refund policies of the respective operators. <mark>For further information, see “</mark> **_Our Business – Customer Grievance / Complaint Handling Policy_** ” on page 242. <mark>Our ability to provide customer service also depends on our ability to maintain our relationship and arrangement with our outsourced call center service providers. If we do not resolve the complaints effectively in a timely manner, our users may reduce their use of our OTA platform and services, and may demand refund or even further compensation from us by all practicable means, which could harm our reputation and brand image if these complaints are brought to public sight, and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition,</mark> cash flows <mark>and results of operations. If our user base significantly declines or grows more slowly than our key competitors, the quality of our user support substantially deteriorates, or our business partners cease to do business with us, we may not be able to costeffectively maintain and promote our brands, and our business may be harmed. For further information and for information with respect to details on rescheduling/cancellations/refunds for the last Fiscals, see “</mark> **_Our Business – Cancellations and Refunds_** ” and “ **_Our Business – Customer Grievance / Complaint Handling Policy_** ” on pages 241 and 242, respectively. 

Our business can also be adversely affected by customer complaints relating to the non-performance or substandard performance of our services, our operations, and quality of products. In the past, we have been subject 

36 

to customer complaints and litigation, including due to our suppliers’ failure to provide satisfactory travel products or services. For further information regarding outstanding proceedings in connection with such complaints, see " **_Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_** " on page 425. Failure to maintain the quality of customer service could harm our reputation and our ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers, which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_10. Our sales and marketing efforts to attract customers may turn out to be ineffective, or may not achieve the level of Customer Acquisition Cost that we anticipate._** 

Our strategy, in part, depends upon expanding our user base, including the ‘ _next billion user_ ’ market segment. We focus on customer acquisition through our sales and marketing activities. Set forth below are details regarding our customer acquisition cost and our advertising and sales promotion expenses, in the corresponding years/ periods: 

|**Particulars**||**Fiscal**||**Nine month**<br>**Decembe**|**s ended**<br>**r 31,**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2021**|**2022**|**2023**|**2022**|**2023**|
|Customer Acquisition Cost (₹)<sup>(1)</sup>|44.27|84.22|131.57|130.02|198.51|
|New Transacting Users<sup>(2)</sup>(million)|1.95|6.82|7.08|5.31|5.93|
|Advertising and sales promotion<br>expense (₹ million)|86.22|575.25|931.54|690.41|1,177.14|
|Advertising and sales promotion<br>expense, as a percentage of revenue|6.36%|15.15%|18.58%|18.95%|23.97%|
|from operations||||||



> _(1) Customer Acquisition Cost is calculated based on the amount spent on advertising and sales promotion divided by the number of New Transacting Users in the relevant periods/ years._ 

> _(2) New Transacting Users refers to the number of unique transacting users identified by users’ mobile number and/or email address, as applicable, that have made their first booking within the relevant period and have not made any booking through us in the preceding 36 months._ 

We implement various customer retention strategies by offering them quality customer services, ensuring a good user experience on our OTA platforms, engaging with them through emails, social media campaigns and multilingual digital ads. We also look to retain customers through our loyalty programme, ixigo money, through which we offer discounts on their subsequent bookings. If our marketing efforts to help grow our business are not effective, we expect that our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations would be adversely affected. In addition, our sales and marketing activities, including those that target the ‘ _next billion user_ ’ market segment, such as brand campaigns, directed campaigns and engagement with users through social media may not be well received by customers, and may not attract additional customers to our OTA platforms (including from such market segment), as anticipated. 

The evolving marketing approaches and tools may require us to experiment with new marketing methods to keep pace with industry trends and customer preferences. Failure to refine our existing marketing approaches or to introduce new effective marketing approaches in a cost-effective manner could reduce our market share and negatively impact our results of operations. There is no assurance that we will be able to recover costs of our sales and marketing activities or that these activities will be effective in generating new customers for our business. 

**_11. The COVID-19 pandemic had a material adverse effect on the travel industry and our operations. Any similar public health crisis in future could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Domestic and international travel restrictions imposed in India materially disrupted our revenue lines for the greater part of Fiscal 2021 with only some domestic travel and government approved international travel operations commencing in May 2020. Even during Fiscal 2022, the first, third and the fourth quarter were impacted due to COVID-19. For a period, there were no trains running in India and subsequently for a certain period, only special trains were in operation. We undertake our train ticketing services pursuant to an agreement with IRCTC, pursuant to which we have been appointed as a principal service provider on a non-exclusive basis for booking of reserved e-tickets for train travel. While there have not been any instances of any non-compliance with the terms and obligations under our agreement with IRCTC on account of COVID-19 or otherwise, we may be unable to fulfill our obligations under such agreement which may have a significant adverse impact on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. For further information, see “ **_Our train ticketing services depend on our agreement with IRCTC. The termination of our agreement with IRCTC could preclude us from undertaking our train ticketing services and could otherwise have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and business prospects._** ” on page 32. 

37 

During the COVID-19 pandemic, we witnessed a significant increase in the number of cancellations and received higher than normal calls regarding cancellations and refunds by airlines, buses and trains to our customers for the duration of the pandemic. In addition, as cancellations and refunds increase, we may experience increased risks associated with the ability of our travel suppliers to repay us for any refund we provide to customers for bookings made through our platform. For further information, see “ **_Our Business – Cancellations and Refunds_** ” on page 241. If we experience an increase in risks of collecting payment from our air inventory suppliers, it may result in lower net revenue and may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, liquidity and related cash flows. If we are unable to timely process refunds to our customers, we may experience damage to our brand and a reduction in traffic to our platform, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. While we have been able to maintain our liquidity position and have been able to service our debt obligations, there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to maintain our liquidity position or service our debt obligations should other similar events arise in future. In addition, our trade receivables decreased from ₹ 263.31 million, as of March 31, 2021 to ₹ 86.19 million as of March 31, 2022 due to increased business activity following resumption of services following COVID-19 related lockdowns. We have considered the possible effects that may result from COVID-19 on the carrying amount of our assets. Based on current estimates, we expect the carrying amount of assets will be recovered. 

Our business and the travel industry in general is particularly sensitive to reductions in personal and businessrelated discretionary travel and spending levels. Events such as the COVID-19 pandemic could continue to impede global economic activity, leading to decreased per capita income and disposable income, increased and prolonged unemployment or a decline in consumer confidence, all of which could significantly reduce discretionary travel and spending by individuals and businesses. In turn, that could have a negative impact on demand for our products and services and could lead our suppliers to reduce prices, or require us and our competitors to reduce prices for our services. Such circumstances or developments could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_12. The Indian OTA industry is highly competitive and we may not be able to effectively compete in the future._** 

The Indian OTA industry is highly competitive. Our success depends upon our ability to compete effectively against numerous established and emerging competitors, including other online travel agencies, or OTAs, traditional offline travel companies, travel research companies, payment wallets offering ticketing services, e- commerce players offering ticketing services and search engines and meta-search companies, both in India and abroad including their affiliated and group entities. Some of our competitors may have significantly greater financial, marketing, personnel and other resources than we have. We also compete against large, established internet search engines with a global presence and meta-search companies who can aggregate travel search results to compete against us for customers. Certain of our competitors have launched brand marketing campaigns to increase their visibility with customers. Search engines have grown in popularity and may offer comprehensive travel planning or shopping capabilities, which may drive more traffic directly to the websites of our suppliers or competitors. 

In addition, the IRCTC and many airlines, hotels, bus operators and tour operators, including our suppliers, have call centers and have established their own distribution channels, including their own websites and mobile applications. Suppliers may offer advantages for customers to book directly, such as member-only fares, bonus miles or loyalty points, which could make their offerings more attractive to customers. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully against any current and future competitors or on emerging platforms or provide differentiated products and services to our customer base. Increasing competition from current and emerging competitors, the introduction of new technologies and the continued expansion of existing technologies, such as meta-search and other search engine technologies, may force us to make changes to our business models, which could affect our margins, number of customers, transactions, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_13. Some of our travel suppliers may reduce or eliminate the commission, incentive and other compensation they pay to us for the sale of tickets and this could adversely affect our business, cash flows and results of operations._** 

We primarily generate revenue for: (i) rail tickets through agent service charges, payment gateway charges and ixigo Assured charges, ixigo Assured Flex charges; (ii) air tickets through airline commissions, incentives, convenience charges, cancellation charges, rescheduling charges, ixigo Assured charges, ixigo Assured Flex charges; (iii) bus tickets through commissions from bus operators or bus ticket aggregators and government- 

38 

owned road transport corporation services, convenience charges, which is typically based on the value of bus tickets sold by us, free cancellation charges and Abhi Assured charges; and (iv) hotels through commissions from suppliers, which is typically based on the value of hotel-room nights occupied. For further information, see “ **_Our Business – Our Business Model_** _”_ on page 37. Till Fiscal 2022, we had assessed performance and allocated resources for our Company as a whole, and had disclosed a single operating segment. In Fiscal 2023, we have organized our operations into various lines of businesses, being (i) flight ticketing, (ii) train ticketing, (iii) bus ticketing, and (iv) others, based on our products and services. For further information on our reportable segments as per Ind AS 108 "Operating Segments", see " **_Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Segment Reporting_** " on page 405. 

Our travel suppliers may reduce or eliminate the commissions or other compensation they pay to us or default on or dispute their payment obligations towards us. In addition, they may also impose restrictions on charging convenience charges or other charges to customers. Our travel suppliers have, in the past, modified the commission and incentive payment structure. For example, our Gross Take Rate on flights was 7.50% in Fiscal 2021, 8.85% in Fiscal 2022, 11.02% in Fiscal 2023 and 11.05% and 8.25% in the nine months ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Depending on load factors, demand-supply mismatch and the number of airline companies operating in the Indian market, the take rates on our flight business could deteriorate. We may also be unable to charge service fees on tickets sold by us owing to restrictions that may be imposed by a government entity or a regulatory body. To the extent any of our travel suppliers reduce or eliminate the commissions or other compensation they pay to us, our revenue may be reduced unless we are able to adequately mitigate such reduction by increasing the service fee or convenience fee we charge to our customers or increasing our transaction volume in a sustainable manner. However, any increase in service fee or convenience fee may also result in a loss of potential customers and reduce our Gross Transaction Value. Our business would also be negatively impacted if competition or regulation in the Indian travel industry causes us to have to reduce or eliminate our service fees. 

**_14. Our business depends on our relationships with a broad range of travel suppliers and certain distributors, and any adverse changes in these relationships, or our inability to enter into new relationships, could negatively affect our business and results of operations._** 

Adverse changes in any of our relationships with travel suppliers or distributors, or the inability to enter into new relationships with travel suppliers or distributors, could reduce the amount of inventory we are able to offer and have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Our arrangements with travel suppliers are not typically subject to long-term commitments and may not remain in effect on current or similar terms, and the net impact of future pricing options may adversely impact our revenue. A significant change in our relationships with our major suppliers for a sustained period of time, including an inability by any travel supplier to fulfill their payment obligation to us in a timely manner or a supplier's complete withdrawal of inventory, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that our travel suppliers will not further reduce or eliminate fees or commissions or attempt to charge us for content, terminate our contracts, make their products or services unavailable to us as part of exclusive arrangements with our competitors, or offer their inventory on their own websites, or default on or dispute their payment or other obligations towards us, any of which could reduce our revenue or may require us to initiate legal or arbitration proceedings to enforce their contractual payment obligations, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. The travel suppliers that we work with could also potentially shut down or cease business operations due to factors beyond our control which could in turn adversely impact our business. We also provide performance guarantees to various government-owned road transport corporation services in India in terms of the agreements entered into by us with such corporations for fulfilment of our obligations under such arrangements. As at December 31, 2023, an amount of ₹ 56.92 million is outstanding towards our performance guarantee liabilities. For details, see “ **_Financial Indebtedness_** ” on page 381. 

We had entered into a travel services marketplace agreement with an e-commerce player where we provided services by allowing the e-commerce player's website, mobile site and mobile app to display travel services offered by our Company for flights. In Fiscals 2021 and 2022, revenue from operations generated pursuant to our agreement with the e-commerce player was ₹ 604.44 million and ₹ 685.01 million, respectively, representing 44.59% and 18.05% of our revenue from operations in the corresponding periods. Such agreement expired on January 31, 2022 and was not subsequently renewed owing to commercial considerations. 

We have also partnered with PhonePe Private Limited to power train bookings for their users through our ConfirmTkt brand inside their app. We have entered into, and may enter more such partnerships that help us broaden our reach and audience within super-apps, payment apps and horizontal businesses. An inability to enter 

39 

into and maintain such distribution arrangements could adversely impact our business prospects and financial performance. 

**_15. Our business depends on our ability to ensure continuity of our relationships with our distribution partners and in the event of any termination or non-renewal of such arrangements, our business, financial condition and results of operation may be adversely impacted._** 

Our arrangements with our distribution partners are for fixed terms. Certain of these arrangements may not be renewed following the completion of the term of the contract or may also be terminated prior to the expiry of the term mutually or on account of a breach by either party. For example, we had entered into a travel services market place agreement with an e-commerce player in the past, where we provided services by allowing the player's website, mobile site and mobile app to display travel services offered by our Company for flights, which was not renewed following the expiry of its term on January 31, 2022. In the event our agreements with such distribution partners are not renewed or are terminated prior to the completion of the term of such agreements, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely impacted. 

**_16. Failure to generate and maintain accurate crowd-sourced information for our train-centric mobile applications could negatively impact our business._** 

We rely on our users to generate information for our ixigo trains <mark>and ConfirmTkt mobile a</mark> pplications. For example, the platform number, station review, train review, running status of trains is determined by information that is crowd sourced by users on our mobile applications. The success of such features and accordingly, our mobile applications depends on our ability to provide accurate information which in turn depends on users providing accurate information. We may be unable to provide users with accurate information if our users do not provide information that is helpful and reliable. If our platforms and mobile applications do not provide current information or if customers perceive reviews on our platform as less relevant or unreliable, our brand and our business could be harmed. If we are unable to provide customers with the information they are looking for, or if they can find equivalent or better or other services, they may stop or reduce their use of our platform and traffic to our platform may decline. Any reduction in the number of users of our platform could materially and adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 

**_17. We may not derive the anticipated benefits from our strategic investments and acquisitions and we may not be successful in pursuing future investments and acquisitions._** 

As part of our growth strategy, we have in the past and intend to continue to invest in and acquire stake in companies that are complementary to our business and technology offerings. For example, we acquired Confirm Ticket, a train-utility and ticketing focused company, with effect from February 17, 2021, which has now been amalgamated into our Company pursuant to an order dated January 4, 2024 passed by NCLT Chandigarh. For details, see “ **_History and Certain Corporate Matters_** – **_Details regarding material acquisitions or divestments of business/undertakings, mergers, amalgamation, any revaluation of assets, etc., in the last 10 years_** - **_Amalgamation of Confirm Ticket with our Company_** ” on page 257. In addition, we have acquired AbhiBus, which is focused on the bus ticketing business, through a business transfer agreement (slump-sale) with effect from August 1, 2021. For details, see “ **_History and Certain Corporate Matters_** – **_Details regarding material acquisitions or divestments of business/undertakings, mergers, amalgamation, any revaluation of assets, etc., in the last 10 years_** - **_Acquisition of AbhiBus’s business undertaking on a slump sale basis_** ” on page 258. Further, as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, we hold 41.40% of the equity share capital, of FreshBus, a company focused on providing inter-city bus travel service using environment-friendly electric buses. Our investments and acquisitions serve to improve and expand the products and services that we offer our customers. 

We may not be able to integrate acquired operations, personnel and technologies successfully or effectively manage our combined business following the acquisition. Our investments, acquisitions and mergers may subject us to uncertainties and risks, including potential ongoing and unforeseen or hidden liabilities, diversion of management resources and cost of integrating acquired businesses. We may also experience difficulties and additional expenses associated with supporting legacy products and hosting infrastructure of the acquired business and retaining suppliers and customers of the acquired business. Certain challenges faced by us as part of our acquisition of Confirm Ticket and the business of AbhiBus included: (i) issues in system integration of technology, products and services of our acquired businesses with those of our own; (ii) delays and difficulty innovation, transfer or retaining material contracts and agreements of the acquired businesses, including the risk that certain of such material agreements may not be novated at all; and (iii) additional incentives to management teams of acquired businesses for their retention and integration of businesses. Any failure to achieve the anticipated benefits 

40 

of our past investments and acquisitions or to consummate new investments and acquisitions in the future could negatively impact our ability to compete in the travel industry and have a material adverse effect on our business. 

**_18. An inability to effectively manage our growth and expansion may have a material adverse effect on our business prospects and future financial performance._** 

We have experienced stable growth over the past three Fiscals, and our revenue from operations have increased from the nine months ended December 31, 2022 to the nine months ended December 31, 2023, as set forth below: 

|**Particulars**||**Fiscal**<br>||**Nine mont**<br>**Decemb**<br>|**hs ended**<br>**er 31,**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2021**|**2022**|**2023**|**2022**|**2023**|
||||**(₹ million)**|||
|Revenue from operations|1,355.66|3,795.80|5,012.50|3,643.08|4,910.21|



However, we cannot assure you that our growth strategy will be successful or that we will be able to continue to expand further, or at the same rate. The success of our business will depend greatly on our ability to effectively implement our business and growth strategy. For further information, see “ **_Our Business – Our Strategies_** ” on page 27. Our ability to achieve our growth strategies will be subject to a range of factors, including our ability to identify market opportunities and demands and trends in the industry, compete with existing companies in our markets, hire and train qualified personnel, maintain relationships with existing suppliers and add new suppliers and strategic partners, develop or acquire new technology, the continued growth in demand for travel services, particularly online, the impact of any future pandemic on the travel industry, competition from existing and new entrants to the Indian travel industry, including both online travel companies as well as traditional travel agents and tour providers, the growth of the internet and mobile technology as a medium for commerce in India, particularly in Tier II and Tier III cities and changes in regulatory environment. Many of these factors are beyond our control and there is no assurance that we will succeed in implementing our strategy. We may face increased risks when we enter new markets internationally, and may find it more difficult to hire, train and retain qualified employees in new regions. 

Our business growth could strain our managerial, operational and financial resources. Our ability to manage future growth will depend on our ability to continue to implement and improve operational, financial and management information systems on a timely basis and to expand, train, motivate and manage our personnel. Failure to effectively manage our expansion may lead to increased costs and reduced profitability and may adversely affect our growth prospects. Our inability to manage our business and implement our growth strategy could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and profitability. 

**_19. We rely on third party service providers for a significant portion of our operational services and our business may be adversely affected if they fail to meet our requirements or face operational disruptions._** 

We currently rely on a variety of third-party service providers for certain operational services relating to our business, including third-party operating systems, software and service providers, such as payment gateway service providers, global distribution systems, call centre and cloud computing service providers. If the third parties on which we depend are unable to continue to provide their services, experience difficulty meeting our requirements or standards or face disruptions in their technology infrastructure, or revoke or fail to renew our service contracts or license agreements with them, we could have difficulty operating key aspects of our business, which could damage our business and reputation. For instance, while there have not been any material instances of business disruption on account of disruptions in services provided by such third party service providers, there have been instances where payment gateways providers with whom we have arrangements have faced downtime issues. In addition, there have been instances where cloud servers hosted by third party cloud computing service providers have faced downtime issues. These downtimes of cloud servers have typically lasted for only a few minutes. In addition, if such third-party service providers were to cease operations, temporarily or permanently, face financial distress or other business disruption or increase their fees, or if our relationships with these providers were to deteriorate, we could suffer increased costs and delays in our ability to provide our products to customers until an equivalent provider could be found or until we develop replacement technology or operations. Some of such third-party service providers may also be subject to governmental regulations and any failure by such thirdparty service providers to comply with applicable legal requirements could cause us financial or reputational harm. If any of the foregoing occurs or if we are unsuccessful in choosing or finding high-quality partners, fail to 

41 

negotiate cost-effective relationships with such partners or ineffectively manage these relationships, it could adversely affect our business. 

**_20. Our business depends on our relationships with banks and payment gateway service providers and are exposed to risks associated with the online payments, including online security and online payment fraud._** 

We have agreements with banks and payment gateway service providers that process payment transactions for the facilitation of customer bookings of travel services from us. If any of these third parties experience business interruptions or otherwise are unable to provide the services we need, or if they increase the fees associated with those services, we will be adversely impacted. In addition, the RBI continues to impose strict regulations on payment aggregators and payment gateways, including higher compliance requirements. These may in turn limit the number of payment gateways we are able to avail of for our customers’ use. Further, we also have and aim to continue to enter into arrangements with credit card companies and banks for cross-selling and marketing initiatives. Set forth below are details regarding our revenues derived from payments effected through credit cards, debit cards, internet banking, wallets, UPI and other online payment options in the corresponding periods: 

|**Particulars**||**Fiscal**<br>||**Nine month**<br>**Decembe**<br>|**s ended**<br>**r 31,**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2021**|**2022**|**2023**|**2022**|**2023**|
|||**(₹ million**<br>|**, except percent**<br>|**ages)**<br>||
|Revenue derived from payments<br>effected through credit cards, debit<br>cards, internet banking, wallets, UPI<br>and other online payment options|1,262.55|3,619.20|4,670.33|3,383.67|4,522.78|
|Revenue derived from payments<br>effected through credit cards, debit<br>cards, internet banking, wallets, UPI<br>and other online payment options, as<br>a percentage of revenue from<br>operations|93.13%|95.35%|93.17%|92.88%|92.11%|



Adverse changes in our relationships with banks and payment gateway service providers, or the inability to enter into new relationships with such entities, could reduce the number of bookings and commissions earned, which could adversely affect our business and financial performance. Further, the continued growth of our business is also partially dependent on the expansion of debit/credit card, internet banking and UPI penetration in India. Banks may also change their product offerings that they provide to consumers, or may change the availability or costs of such products, due to credit, regulations or other reasons beyond our control. If our arrangements with local banks are impaired or terminated, our business, cash flows and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Security breaches, whether instigated internally or externally on our system or other Internet-based systems, could significantly harm our business. However, advances in technology or other developments could result in a compromise or breach of the technology that we use to protect customer and transaction data. We have adopted a data encryption system to ensure the secured storage and transmission of data, and prevent any unauthorized member of the public or third parties from accessing or using our data in any unauthorized manner and we use firewalls to protect access to our networks and to the servers and databases on which we store confidential data, restrict access to our network by virtual private network, and conduct periodic audits of data access and modifications of our network. In addition, we have developed and use internal procedures to protect the personal information of our users. However, our security measures may not prevent security breaches and we may be unsuccessful in or incur additional costs in connection with implementing a remediation plan to address these potential exposures. 

**_21. We could be negatively affected by changes in Internet search engine algorithms and dynamics, or search engine disintermediation._** 

We invest in search engine optimization to generate traffic to our websites. Search engines, including Google, and app stores such as Google Play Store and Apple App Store, frequently update and change the algorithm that determines the placement and display of results of a user’s search, such that the purchased or algorithmic placement of links to our websites or apps can be negatively affected. In addition, a search engine or app store could, for competitive or other purposes, alter its search algorithms or results, causing our websites or apps to place lower in search query results. If a major search engine changes its algorithms in a manner that negatively 

42 

affects the search engine ranking of our websites or those of our partners, or if competitive dynamics impact the cost or effectiveness of our search engine optimization or search engine monetization in a negative manner, our business and financial performance would be adversely affected, potentially to a material extent. Furthermore, our failure to successfully manage our search engine optimization and search engine monetization strategies could result in a substantial decrease in traffic to our websites, as well as increased costs if we were to replace free traffic with paid traffic. In addition, to the extent that leading search or metasearch engines in India disrupt the businesses of OTAs or travel content providers by offering comprehensive travel planning or shopping capabilities, or refer those leads to suppliers directly, or to other favored partners, there could be a material adverse impact on our business. To the extent these actions have a negative effect on our search traffic, whether on desktop, tablet or mobile devices, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

**_22. Our use of open source software could adversely affect our ability to offer our products and services and subject us to possible litigation._** 

We use open source software in connection with our development of technology infrastructure. Certain of the open source software we use as part of our operations include software for operating systems, databases, proxies, load balancing, clustered computing software, development operations management software and automated server deployment software. From time-to-time, companies that use open source software have faced claims challenging the use of open source software and/or compliance with open source license terms. While we have not faced any such instances, we could be subject to suits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software, or claiming non-compliance with open source licensing terms. Some open source licenses require users who distribute software containing open source to make available all or part of such software, which in some circumstances could include valuable proprietary code of the user. While we monitor the use of open source software and try to ensure that none is used in a manner that would require us to disclose our proprietary source code or that would otherwise breach the terms of an open source agreement, such use could inadvertently occur, in part because open source license terms are often ambiguous. Any requirement to disclose our proprietary source code or pay damages for breach of contract could be harmful to our business, results of operations or financial condition, and could help our competitors develop travel products and services that are similar to or better than ours. 

**_23. We are dependent on limited suppliers and distributors for a significant portion of our revenue from operations. Any change in the arrangements with such suppliers or distributors could have an adverse impact on our revenues, financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We undertake our train ticketing services pursuant to an agreement with IRCTC pursuant to which we have been appointed as a principal service provider on a non-exclusive basis for booking of reserved e-tickets for train travel. Accordingly, our train ticketing revenues are dependent on maintaining our relationship with IRCTC. For further information, see “- **_Our train ticketing services depend on our agreement with IRCTC. The termination of our agreement with IRCTC could preclude us from undertaking our train ticketing services and could otherwise have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and business prospects._** ” on page 32. 

Similarly, ₹ 685.01 million, or 18.05% of our Gross Revenue in Fiscal 2022, was pursuant to our travel services marketplace agreement with an e-commerce player, which has expired on January 31, 2022 and has not been renewed. Although we recovered this amount on an overall basis in the nine months ended December 31, 2023, our gross revenues from flights in Fiscal 2023 were impacted on account of such non-renewal of our arrangement with the e-commerce player. We cannot assure that we will be able to enter into similar arrangements in future and the absence of such arrangements could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_24. The travel industry is particularly sensitive to safety concerns, and terrorist attacks, regional conflicts, health concerns, natural calamities, regulatory restrictions or other catastrophic events could have a negative impact on the Indian travel industry and cause our business to suffer._** 

The travel industry is particularly sensitive to safety concerns, such as terrorist attacks, regional conflicts, health concerns, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, natural calamities or other catastrophic events. Our business has in the past declined, and may in future decline, after incidents that cause travellers to be concerned about their safety. Decreased travel expenditures could reduce the demand for our services, thereby causing a reduction in revenue. 

43 

As many terrorist attacks tend to be focused on tourists or tourist destinations, such acts, even those outside of India or other neighboring countries, may result in a decline in the travel industry and adversely impact our business and prospects. Events such as the Russia/ Ukraine conflict or the Israel-Palestine conflict and broader economic uncertainties may have an impact on the travel industry. In addition, South Asia has, from time to time, experienced instances of civil unrest and hostilities among neighbouring countries, including between India and Pakistan. Military activity or other adverse social and political events in India in the future could adversely affect the Indian economy by disrupting communications and making travel more difficult. Resulting political tensions could create a greater perception that investments in Indian companies or travel to affected regions involve a high degree of risk and could have an adverse impact on our business and the price of our securities. Furthermore, if India were to become engaged in armed hostilities, we may not be able to continue our operations. 

A majority of our operations and employees are located in India and we cannot assure you that we will not be affected by natural disasters, epidemics, regulatory restrictions on travel or other disruptions in the future. Furthermore, if any of these natural disasters occur in tourist destinations in India, travel to and within India could be adversely affected, which could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. The occurrence of any of these events could result in changes to customers' travel plans and related costs and lost revenue for our company, as well as the risk of a prolonged and substantial decrease in travel volume, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial <mark>condition and results of operations.</mark> 

**_25. We have limited experience and operating history in certain of our businesses, particularly our hotels offering, which makes it difficult to accurately assess our future growth prospects and may negatively affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Previously, we would redirect customers to a third party hotel booking provider on our hotels section. In December 2023, we have launched a hotel booking section on our website and apps to allow users the ability to search, compare and book hotels on our own platforms in India and across the world. We earn revenue in the form of commissions from the hotel booking. In order to maintain and grow our business and to effectively compete with our competitors in potential markets, we will need to establish new arrangements with hotels and other accommodation options of all ratings and categories in our existing markets and in new markets. We cannot assure you that our hotels business will be successful or that we will enjoy the same brand recognition as in our other more established businesses or be able to identify appropriate hotels or build successful relationships with these service providers on favorable terms, or at all. For further information, see “ **_Our Business - Evolution of our Business Operations – Hotels_** ” on page 223. 

Further, these operations may be accompanied by operating and marketing challenges that may be different from those we currently encounter. Assessing the future prospects of our business is challenging in light of both known and unknown risks and difficulties we may encounter, and could place significant demands on the management team and our other resources. We will also be subject to all the business risks and uncertainties associated with setting up any new business venture or any acquisitions which we may undertake in the future, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. If we fail to successfully develop and operate these new services in an increasingly competitive market, we may not be able to capture the growth opportunities associated with these new services or recover our costs, and our future results of operations and growth strategies could be materially and adversely affected. 

**_26. We are subject to laws, rules and regulations applicable to the OTA industry, including in relation to advertisements on our platforms, which results in additional costs towards compliance, and may result in penalties._** 

Laws in India, such as the Consumer Protection Act, 2019, provide for regulation of advertisements in India, and prescribe penalties in relation to false or misleading advertisements. For further details, see “ **_Key Regulations and Policies in India_** ” on page 248. Advertisers may furthermore be directed to discontinue or modify any advertisements. Further, pursuant to the internet laws in India, we are required to ensure that no obscene material is published on our platforms, and accordingly required to take steps to moderate the content displayed on our platform, including advertisements, reviews and pictures posted by customers. Further, the MoT has issued the Guidelines for Approval of Online Travel Aggregators on December 10, 2018, which is a voluntary scheme setting out certain conditions that are required to be fulfilled by an OTA in order to receive recognition as an approved OTA from the MoT. These conditions include continuous operation for a minimum period of three years prior to the date of the application, having a minimum paid up capital of ₹10.00 million, filing of income tax returns for the last two assessment years, among others. Further, we may be subject to consumer disputes under the Consumer Protection Act, 2019. This requires considerable resources and time, and could significantly affect the operation 

44 

of our business, while at the same time also exposing us to increased liability under the relevant laws, rules and regulations. The costs associated with complying with these laws, rules and regulations, including any penalties or fines for our failure to comply if required, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Any further change in regulation governing our online marketing services by the Indian government may also significantly disrupt our operations and materially and adversely affect our business and prospects. 

We have, in the past, received a complaint on our advertisement wherein a television commercial highlighting “ixigo money” as the only loyalty program which allows 100% ixigo money balance to be redeemed, was complained against as a claim being misleading basis which our Company decided to discontinue such advertisement. We cannot assure you that we will not receive any complaints on our advertisements in the future. 

**_27. Internal or external fraud or misconduct or misrepresentation or mis-selling by our employees could adversely affect our reputation and our results of operations._** 

Our business may expose us to the risk of fraud, misappropriation or misrepresentation or unauthorized transactions by our representatives and employees which could result in binding us to transactions that exceed authorized limits or present unacceptable risks. Further, we may be subject to regulatory or other proceedings in connection with any unauthorized transaction, fraud or misappropriation or misrepresentation or mis-selling by our representatives and employees, which could adversely affect our goodwill. Employee misconduct or misselling or misrepresentation could also involve the improper use or disclosure of confidential information, breach of any applicable confidentiality agreement, misappropriation or misuse of any third-party intellectual property rights which could result in regulatory sanctions, penalties and serious reputational or financial harm. In addition, employees may utilize our confidential information and technology to start their own businesses and become our competitors. Although we have systems in place to prevent and deter fraudulent activities by our employees, we cannot assure you that such systems will be effective in all cases. While there have been no such instances in the three preceding Fiscals and the nine months ended December 31, 2023, fraud or misconduct or misrepresentation or mis-selling by the Company’s employees, in future could adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_28. Inappropriate or fraudulent content may be displayed on our online platforms which may adversely affect our reputation and brand._** 

While we have established systems, processes and controls that allow us to remove inappropriate or fraudulent content from our platforms, we cannot guarantee that all content displayed on our platforms is appropriate at all times. We cannot guarantee that all the content displayed on our platforms is not obscene, offensive or otherwise damaging to our business reputation and brand name, or the reputation of the supplier of the listing, or any third party. While we are not aware of any instances of inappropriate or fraudulent content being displayed on our online platforms, any such instances in future could adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Damage caused to our business reputation and brand name may deter users from using our platforms, which may have an adverse effect on our financial performance and prospects. 

# **<u>Risks Relating to Financials</u>** 

**_29. We have incurred net losses in the past and we anticipate increased expenses in our future. Any loss in future periods could adversely affect our operations and financial conditions and the trading price of our Equity Shares._** 

Set forth below are our restated profit / (loss) for the period/ year in the corresponding years/ periods: 

|**Particulars**||**Fiscal**||**Nine months ended**|**December 31,**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2021**|**2022**|**2023**<br>**(₹ million)**|**2022**|**2023**|
|Restated profit /|75.33|(210.94)|233.96|186.62|657.12|
|(loss) for the<br>period/ year||||||



For further information, see “ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis on the Financial Conditions and Results of Operations_** ” on page 383. Our net loss in Fiscal 2022 was primarily on account of an increase in expense incurred towards our employee stock option scheme and owing to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic induced travel restrictions on our business. Further, in the nine months ended December 31, 2023, our income also 

45 

benefited from exceptional items of ₹ 297.21 million owing to gain on account of loss of control of FreshBus, which drove our profit in the period. We expect our costs to increase over time and we may recur losses given the investments expected towards growing our business. These efforts may be more costly than we expect and may not result in increased revenue or growth in our business. Any failure to increase our revenue sufficiently to keep pace with our investments and other expenses could prevent us from maintaining or increasing profitability or generating positive cash flow on a consistent basis. If we are unable to successfully address these risks and challenges as we encounter them, our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected along with an impact on the trading price of our Equity Shares. If we are unable to generate adequate revenue growth and manage our expenses and cash flows, we may incur significant losses in the future. 

# **_30. We have had negative cash flows from operating activities in the past and may, in the future, experience similar negative cash flows._** 

We have experienced negative cash flows from operating activities in Fiscals 2021 and 2022 and may, in the future, experience negative cash flows. The following table sets forth certain information relating to our cash flows for the years / periods indicated below: 

|**Particulars**|**2021**|**Fiscal**<br>**2022**|**2023**|**Nine**<br>**months**<br>**ended**<br>**December**|**Nine**<br>**months**<br>**ended**<br>**December**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|||||**31, 2022**|**31, 2023**|
||||**(₹ million)**|||
|Net cash flow from / (used in)<br>operating activities|(151.84)|(343.49)|307.02|196.22|154.49|



In Fiscals 2021 and 2022, we have experienced negative cash flows from operating activities as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and consequent lockdowns, which resulted in reduced business activity, in addition to increase in trade receivables. Negative cash flows over extended periods, or significant negative cash flows in the short term, could materially impact our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

**_31. We are required to comply with certain restrictive covenants under our financing agreements. Any noncompliance may lead to, amongst others, accelerated repayment schedule, enforcement of security and suspension of further drawdowns, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

As of December 31, 2023, our outstanding borrowings on a consolidated basis amounted to ₹ 490.54 million. For further, information, see " **_Financial Indebtedness_** " on page 381. Some of the financing arrangements entered into by us include conditions that require our Company to intimate or obtain respective lenders’ consent prior to carrying out certain activities and entering into certain transactions. Failure to meet these conditions, intimate them or obtain these consents could have significant consequences on our business and operations. These covenants vary depending on the requirements of the financial institution extending such loan and the conditions negotiated under each financing agreement. Some of the corporate actions that require prior intimation to or consents from certain lenders include, amongst others, changes to the (a) capital structure of our Company, and (b) memorandum and/or articles of association of our Company. While we have received all relevant consents required for the purposes of this Offer from the relevant lenders and have complied with these covenants, a failure to comply with such covenants in the future may restrict or delay certain actions or initiatives that we may propose to take from time to time. Furthermore, such consents have been provided in relation to the Offer, and subsequent to listing, the applicable restrictive covenants as described above shall subsist. The inability of our Company to undertake any corporate actions due to such restrictive covenants and/or non-receipt of consents, may, by extension, impact our Shareholders subsequent to listing. 

A failure to observe the covenants under our financing arrangements or to obtain necessary consents/ waivers may lead to acceleration of amounts due under such facilities and triggering of cross default provisions. If the obligations under any of our financing documents are accelerated, we may have to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to make payments under such financing documents, thereby reducing the availability of cash for our working capital requirements and other general corporate purposes. In addition, during any period in which we are in default, we may be unable to raise, or face difficulties raising, further financing. While we have neither violated any restrictive covenants nor has an event of default occurred nor have we rescheduled repayment of loans in the past three Fiscals and the nine months ended December 31, 2023, we cannot assure you that we will 

46 

not violate such restrictive covenants, an event of default will not occur and / or we will not be required to reschedule repayment of loans availed by us in future. 

**_32. Our Statutory Auditors have included an emphasis of matter in their report on our audited financial statements and included certain modifications in the annexure to their report on our audited financial statements._** 

Our Statutory Auditors have included an emphasis of matter in the audit report on the audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2021. Further, there are certain other qualifications in the annexure to the auditors’ report issued under Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (as amended), on the standalone and consolidated financial statements of our Company for the Financial Years ended March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2023, as applicable, and on Confirm Ticket's financial statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2022, which do not require any corrective adjustment in the Restated Financial Information. These emphasis of matters, and other qualifications in the annexure to the auditors’ report issued under Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (as amended), as applicable, are set out below: 

# **_Fiscal 2021_** 

Our Statutory Auditors have drawn attention to the note in the financial statements, which describes the possible effect of uncertainties relating to COVID-19 pandemic on the Company’s financial performance as assessed by the management. 

# **_Fiscal 2022_** 

Our Statutory Auditors have included certain other qualifications in the annexure to the auditors’ report issued under Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (as amended), on the consolidated financial statements for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2022 which do not require any corrective adjustment in the Restated Financial Information. These qualifications are set out below: 

# **_Our Company_** 

# <u>Clause (vii) (a) of CARO, 2016</u> 

Our Statutory Auditors have stated that undisputed statutory dues including provident fund, employees’ state insurance, income-tax, sales-tax, service tax, duty of custom, duty of excise, value added tax, cess and other statutory dues have generally been regularly deposited with the appropriate authorities, although there has been a slight delay in a few cases for goods and services tax. 

# **_Confirm Ticket Online Solutions Private Limited_** 

# <u>Clause (vii)(a) of CARO, 2016</u> 

Our Statutory Auditors have stated that undisputed statutory dues including goods and services tax, provident fund, employees’ state insurance, income-tax, sales-tax, service tax, duty of custom, duty of excise, value added tax, cess and other statutory dues have generally been regularly deposited with the appropriate authorities though there has been a slight delay in a few cases for provident fund and goods and service tax. 

# **Fiscal 2023** 

# **_Our Company_** 

# <u>Clause (vii) (a) of CARO, 2016</u> 

Our Statutory Auditors have stated that undisputed statutory dues including provident fund, employees’ state insurance, income-tax, sales-tax, service tax, duty of custom, duty of excise, value added tax, cess and other statutory dues have generally been regularly deposited with the appropriate authorities, although there has been a slight delay in a few cases for goods and services tax. 

While there is no impact of these matters on our operations at present, we cannot assure you that any similar emphasis of matters or qualifications in the annexure to the auditors’ report issued under Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 or any emphasis of matters, will not form part of our financial statements for the future fiscal periods, which could subject us to additional liabilities due to which our reputation and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

# **_Confirm Ticket Online Solutions Private Limited_** 

<u>Clause (vii)(a) of CARO, 2016</u> 

47 

Our Statutory Auditors have stated that undisputed statutory dues including provident fund, employees’ state insurance, income-tax, sales-tax, service tax, duty of custom, duty of excise, value added tax, cess and other statutory dues have generally been regularly deposited with the appropriate authorities though there has been a delays in a few cases for Goods and service tax. 

# **_33. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the equity shareholders._** 

We have in the ordinary course of business entered into transactions with related parties in the past and from time to time, we may enter into related party transactions in the future. These transactions include remuneration to Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and transactions with subsidiaries. While all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, we cannot assure you that we might have obtained more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. Further, it is likely that we may enter into additional related party transactions in the future. Such related party transactions, as set forth below, may potentially involve conflicts of interest: 

|**Particulars**||**Fiscal**<br>||**Nine month**<br>**Decembe**<br>|**s ended**<br>**r 31,**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2021**|**2022**|**2023**|**2022**|**2023**|
|<br> <br>||**(₹ million**<br>|**, except percent**<br>|**ages)**<br>||
|Arithmetical<br>absolute<br>aggregate<br>total of related party transactions<br>(pre-inter company elimination)|22.01|100.31|304.96|249.93|124.63|
|Arithmetical<br>absolute<br>aggregate<br>total of related party transactions<br>(pre-inter company elimination), as<br>a percentage of revenue from<br>operations|1.62%|2.64%|6.08%|6.86%|2.54%|



For further information on our related party transactions, see “ **_Other Financial Information – Related Party Transactions_** ” on page 377. Further, certain related party transactions undertaken by our Company constitute more than 10% of total transactions of similar nature undertaken by our Company in the last three Fiscals and the nine months ended December 31, 2023. We cannot assure you that such transactions in future, individually or in the aggregate, will always be in the best interests of our minority shareholders and will not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_34. Our quarterly results may fluctuate for a variety of reasons and may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business._** 

Upon listing of the Equity Shares, our Company will be required to publish its financial results for each quarter of the Fiscal, in accordance with the SEBI Listing Regulations. Our quarterly financial results may fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control and, as a result, may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business. For example, we tend to experience higher revenue from our businesses in certain quarters and in particular, the third and fourth quarters of a particular Fiscal, which coincide with the festival season and the year-end holiday travel season for our customers. Other factors that may affect our quarterly financial results also include, our ability to attract new customers and cross-sell to existing customers; the amount and timing of operating expenses related to the maintenance and expansion of our business, operations and infrastructure; general economic, political, weather, industry and market conditions; changes in our pricing policies or those of our competitors and suppliers; the timing and success of new services and service introductions by us and our competitors or any other change in the competitive dynamics of the Indian travel industry, including consolidation among competitors, customers or strategic partners. For further information, see "- **_Our operations are seasonal in nature, due to which performance of a period may not be indicative of our performance for a full year."_** on page 59. 

Our quarterly operating results may therefore vary significantly in the future, and period-to-period comparisons of our operating results may not be meaningful. Accordingly, the results of any one quarter may not be reliable as an indicator of future performance. Further, any delay in filing these quarterly results will also result in additional costs for us. 

**_35. We may provide guarantees to lenders on behalf of third parties, and any failure to repay such loans by third parties may affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

48 

We may provide guarantees to lenders for financing provided to our Subsidiary, Associate and Group Company, and any failure to repay such loans by our Subsidiary, Associate and Group Company may require us to repay the loans availed, which may affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. As of December 31, 2023, the Group has issued a corporate guarantee of ₹ 77.60 million for our Associate, FreshBus Private Limited. FreshBus Private Limited is also our Group Company. We cannot assure you that FreshBus Private Limited will fulfil its repayment obligations in a timely manner, or that the guarantee will not be invoked. 

**_36. We have in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus included certain non-GAAP financial and operational measures and certain other industry measures related to our operations and financial performance that may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across the online travel industry. We rely on certain assumptions and estimates to calculate such measures, therefore such measures may not be comparable with financial, operational or industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other similar companies._** 

Certain non-GAAP financial and operational measures and certain other industry measures relating to our operations and financial performance, such as, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, EBITDA Margin, Adjusted EBITDA Margin, Gross Transaction Value (GTV), Gross Ticketing Revenues, Gross Take Rate, Contribution Margin have been included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. We compute and disclose such non-GAAP financial and operational measures, and such other industry related statistical and operational information relating to our operations and financial performance as we consider such information to be useful measures of our business and financial performance, and because such measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and others to evaluate the operational performance of online travel businesses, many of which provide such nonGAAP financial and operational measures, and other industry related statistical and operational information. These are supplemental measures of our performance and liquidity that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, Ind AS, Indian GAAP, IFRS or US GAAP. Further, these measures are not a measurement of our financial performance or liquidity under Ind AS, Indian GAAP, IFRS or US GAAP and should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to cash flows, profit/ (loss) for the years/ period or any other measure of financial performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity, profitability or cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities derived in accordance with Ind AS, Indian GAAP, IFRS or US GAAP. 

These non-GAAP financial and operational measures, and such other industry related statistical and operational information relating to our operations and financial performance are not standardized terms and may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry. Other companies may calculate these measures differently from us, limiting their usefulness as a comparative measure. The industry measures and other relevant information identified and included in the F&S Report takes into account such information for either all or certain of the key online travel agencies only to the extent available to F&S. For example, we have derived certain industry information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus from the F&S Report, and the F&S Report highlights certain industry and market data relating to us and our competitors, which is not based on any standard methodology and subject to various assumptions. In particular, certain industry measures may be calculated differently for us and our competitors in the F&S Report since there are no standard data gathering methodologies in our industry. 

Our internal tools have a number of limitations, some of which may be beyond our control, and our methodologies for tracking these measures may change over time. For example, a single person may have multiple accounts or browse the internet on multiple browsers or devices, some users may restrict our ability to accurately identify them across visits, some mobile applications automatically contact our servers for regular updates with no user action, and we are not always able to capture user information on all of our platforms. As such, the calculations of our traffic and monthly visitors may not accurately reflect the number of people actually visiting our platforms. In addition, if the internal tools we use to track these measures under-count or over-count performance or contain algorithmic or other technical errors, the data and/or reports we generate may not be accurate. We calculate measures using internal tools, which are not independently verified by a third party. Such supplemental financial and operational information is therefore of limited utility as an analytical tool, and investors are cautioned against considering such information either in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our Restated Financial Information disclosed elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **<u>Risks Relating to Objects</u>** 

49 

**_37. Any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders’ approval._** 

We propose to utilise the Net Proceeds towards part-funding working capital requirements, investments in cloud infrastructure and technology and funding inorganic growth through unidentified acquisition and other strategic initiatives and general corporate purposes. For further details of the proposed objects of the Offer, see “ **_Objects of the Offer_** ” on page 130. At this stage, we cannot determine with any certainty if we would require the Net Proceeds to meet any other expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of competitive environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. In accordance with Sections 13(8) and 27 of the Companies Act 2013, we cannot undertake any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds without obtaining approval from our Shareholders through a special resolution. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to undertake variation in the disclosed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain approval from our Shareholders in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such shareholders’ approval may adversely affect our business or operations. 

In light of these factors, we may not be able to undertake variation of objects of the Offer to use any unutilized proceeds of the Offer, if any, or vary the terms of any contract referred to in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. This may restrict our Company’s ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition by re-deploying the unutilised portion of Net Proceeds, if any, or varying the terms of contract, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**_38. Our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of Net Proceeds are not appraised by any independent agency, which may affect our business and results of operations._** 

We intend to use the Net Proceeds for the purposes described in “ **_Objects of the Offer_** ” on page 130 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Our funding requirements are based on management estimates and our current business plans have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. The deployment of the Net Proceeds will be at the discretion of our Board. However, the deployment of the Net Proceeds will be monitored by a Monitoring Agency appointed pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations. We may have to reconsider our estimates or business plans due to changes in underlying factors, some of which are beyond our control, such as interest rate fluctuations, changes in input cost and other financial and operational factors. Various risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in this section, may limit or delay our efforts to use the Net Proceeds to achieve profitable growth in our business. We may also use funds for future businesses which may have risks significantly different from what we currently face or may expect. Further, we may not be able to attract personnel with sufficient skills or sufficiently train our personnel to manage our expansion plans. 

Further, while our Company intends to utilise the Net Proceeds towards our objects of part-funding working capital requirements, investments in cloud infrastructure and technology and funding inorganic growth through unidentified acquisition and other strategic initiatives and general corporate purposes, the exact amounts that will be utilised from the Net Proceeds towards each of these objects will depend upon our business plans, market conditions, our Board’s analysis of economic trends and business requirements, competitive landscape, as well as general factors affecting our results of operations, financial condition and access to capital. Furthermore, these may not result in the desired growth (including in our user base) that we expect to achieve. Accordingly, prospective investors in the Offer will need to rely upon our management’s judgment with respect to the use of proceeds. If we are unable to deploy the Net Proceeds in a timely or an efficient manner, it may affect our business and results of operations. 

**_39. We may utilize a portion of the Net Proceeds to undertake inorganic growth for which the target has not been identified. In the event that our Net Proceeds to be utilized towards inorganic growth initiatives are insufficient for the cost of our proposed inorganic acquisition, we may have to seek alternative forms of funding._** 

We may utilize a certain amount from the Net Proceeds towards potential acquisitions and strategic initiatives. This amount is based on our management’s current estimates and budgets, and our Company’s historical acquisitions and strategic investments and partnerships, and other relevant considerations. We have not identified any specific targets with whom we have entered into any definitive agreements. For details of the interim use of funds, schedule of deployment and other details, see “ **_Objects of the Offer_** ” on page 130. We will from time to time continue to seek attractive inorganic opportunities that may be within India, outside India or both, that we believe will fit well with our strategic business objectives and growth strategies, and the amount of Net Proceeds to be used for acquisitions will be based on decisions of our management and our Board. The amounts deployed 

50 

from the Net Proceeds towards such initiatives may not be the total value or cost of such acquisitions or investments, resulting in a shortfall in raising requisite capital from the Net Proceeds towards such acquisitions or investments. Consequently, we may be required to explore a range of options to raise requisite capital, including utilizing our internal accruals and/or seeking debt, including from third party lenders or institutions. For further information, see " **_Objects of the Offer – Interim use of funds_** " on page 141. 

**_40. We will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. The Selling Shareholders will receive the net proceeds from the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer consists of an Offer for Sale along with the Fresh Issue. The Selling Shareholders shall be entitled to the net proceeds from the Offer for Sale, which comprise proceeds from the Offer for Sale net of Offer expenses for the share of the Offered Shares, and our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. 

**_41. As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus we have neither identified any specific target entities/ businesses, nor signed any definitive agreements with any such targets/ entities whose acquisition will be funded from the Net Proceeds._** 

We propose to utilize a certain portion of the Net Proceeds towards inorganic growth initiatives, as set forth in “ **_Objects of the Offer_** ” on page 130. This amount is based on our management’s estimates and budgets, and our Company’s historical acquisitions and strategic investments and partnerships, and other relevant considerations. However, as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, we have not identified any potential acquisition targets, or entered into any definitive agreements for utilization of Net Proceeds towards any future acquisitions or strategic initiatives. The deployment of the Net Proceeds towards acquisitions will depend on various factors, including the timing, nature, size and number of acquisitions undertaken and our abilities to identify suitable targets with optimal customer base, tech capabilities, geographic markets, suite of products/ service offerings and business synergies with our existing businesses. See also “ **_Objects of the Offer – Funding inorganic growth through unidentified acquisition and other strategic initiatives and general corporate purposes_** ” on page 136. If we are unable to identify suitable acquisition targets in a timely manner, our deployment of the Net Proceeds may be delayed, which may adversely affect our business, growth and results of operations. 

# **<u>Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Factors</u>** 

**_42. There are outstanding litigation proceedings against our Company and one of our Directors. Any adverse outcome in such proceedings may have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

There are outstanding legal proceedings against our Company and one of our Directors, which are pending at various levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and other authorities. Any adverse outcome in such proceedings may have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

The summary of outstanding matters set out below includes details of criminal proceedings, tax proceedings, statutory and regulatory actions and other material pending litigation (as defined in the section “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_** ” on page 425) involving our Company and our Directors. 

_Litigation involving our Company_ 

|**Type of proceeding**|**Number of cases**|**Amount, to the extent quant**<br>**_(₹ million)_**|**ifiable**|
|---|---|---|---|
|Civil<sup>(1)</sup>|1||50.00|
|Criminal|2||0.20|
|Regulatory/ statutory action|-||-|
|Tax|3||1.56|
|Other matters|-||-|



_(1)Determined in accordance with the Materiality Policy._ 

_Litigation involving our Directors_ 

|**Type of proceeding**|**Number of cases**|**Amount, to the extent quantifiable**<br>**_(₹ million)_**|
|---|---|---|
|Civil<sup>(1)</sup>|-|-|



51 

|**Type of proceeding**|**Number of cases**|**Amount, to the extent quantifiable**<br>**_(₹ million)_**|
|---|---|---|
|Criminal|-|-|
|Regulatory/ statutory action|-|-|
|Tax|1|25.53|
|Other matters|-|-|



_(1)Determined in accordance with the Materiality Policy._ 

For further information, see “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_** ” on page 425. 

We cannot assure you that these legal proceedings will be decided in our favour or in favour of <mark>our C</mark> ompany or our Directors. Further, as of December 31, 2023, we have not considered any provisioning as necessary to be made by us for any possible liabilities arising out of these litigation, and have accordingly not made any such provisioning as per Ind AS 37 in our Restated Financial Information. As of December 31, 2023, the Group has issued a corporate guarantee of ₹ 77.60 million for our Associate, FreshBus Private Limited. The guarantee has been extended in favour of Tata Capital Financial Services Limited. This guarantee is provided to secure outstanding amounts related to the lease of buses. Our contingent liabilities as a percentage of our net worth as of December 31, 2023 was 1.78%. See “- **_We may provide guarantees to lenders on behalf of third parties, and any failure to repay such loans by third parties may affect our business, results of operations and financial condition_** ” on page 48. In addition, we cannot assure you that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. Decisions in such proceedings adverse to our interests may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_43. Failure to obtain or renew approvals, licenses, registrations and permits to operate our business in a timely manner, or at all, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

We are required to obtain certain approvals, registrations, permissions and licenses from regulatory authorities, to carry out/ undertake our business which may be subject to various conditions. If we fail to obtain some or all of these approvals or licenses, or renewals thereof, in a timely manner or at all, or if we fail to comply with applicable conditions or it is claimed that we have breached any such conditions, our license or permission for carrying on a particular activity may be suspended or cancelled and we may not be able to carry on such activity, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. For further information on the nature of approvals and licenses required for our business, see “ **_Government and Other Approvals_** ” on page 428. In addition, we have, and may need to in the future, apply for certain additional approvals, including the renewal of approvals, which may expire from time to time. For details in relation to validity of our licenses and registrations, see “ **_Government and Other Approvals_** ” on page 428. 

We cannot assure you that such approvals and licenses will be granted or renewed in a timely manner or at all or will not be withdrawn by the relevant governmental or regulatory authorities. Failure to obtain or renew such approvals and licenses in a timely manner or a withdrawal of any of our licenses or registrations would make our operations non-compliant with applicable laws and may result in imposition of penalties by relevant authorities, and may also prevent us from carrying out our business. Our licenses and approvals are subject to various conditions, including periodic renewal and maintenance standards. Any actual or alleged failure on our part to comply with the terms and conditions of such regulatory licenses and registrations could expose us to legal action, compliance costs or liabilities, or could affect our ability to continue to operate at the locations or in the manner in which we have been operating thus far. 

# **<u>Other Internal Risks</u>** 

**_44. We do not have any identifiable promoter in terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Companies Act 2013._** 

Our Company does not have any identifiable promoter in terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Companies Act 2013. Accordingly, the success of our business operations is dependent on our Senior Management and Key Managerial Personnel as well as our ability to attract, train and retain such employees. Further, in terms of Regulation 14(1) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, there is no requirement of minimum promoter’s contribution in the Offer and as a result, none of the Equity Shares will be locked in for a period of 18 months pursuant to the Offer. 

52 

As prescribed under Regulation 17 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the entire pre-Offer Equity Share capital of our Company will be locked-in for a period of six months from the date of Allotment of Equity Shares in the Offer, including any unsubscribed portion of the Offer for Sale, other than: (i) the Equity Shares transferred pursuant to the Offer for Sale; (ii) any Equity Shares allotted to employees, whether currently an employee or not, pursuant to ESOPs prior to the Offer; and (iii) the Equity Shares that are held by any VCFs, AIFs (category I or category II) or FVCIs subject to the conditions set out in Regulation 17 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, provided that such Equity Shares will be locked-in for a period of at least six months from the date of purchase by such VCF, AIF (category I or category II) or FVCI. For further information, see “ **_Capital Structure_** ” on page 83. 

**_45. Any failure to protect our intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are, and may also in the future be, subject to intellectual property infringement claims, which may be expensive to defend and may disrupt our business._** 

Our ability to compete effectively depends in part upon our ability to protect our rights in trademarks and other intellectual property that we have registered and that are pending registration. We seek to protect our logos, brand names and websites’ domain names by relying on trademarks and domain name registrations. 

Unauthorized parties may infringe upon or misappropriate our services or proprietary information. While our domain names cannot be copied, we may be unable to renew registration of our domain names, and other parties could create an alternative domain name resembling ours that could be passed off as our domain name. Further, we cannot assure you that the measures we have taken will be sufficient to prevent any misappropriation or infringement of our intellectual property. For information on our intellectual property, see " **_Our BusinessIntellectual Property Rights_** " and “ **_Government and Other Approvals – Intellectual Property_** ” on pages 246 and 429, respectively. 

As of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, a civil suit is pending against us for alleged infringement of the trademarks “EZEEGO/ EZEEGO1” wherein, the plaintiff has claimed that our trademark “IXIGO” and domain name “www.ixigo.com” are deceptively similar to the plaintiff’s trademarks. For further details, see “ **_Outstanding Litigations and Other Material Developments – Litigation involving our Company – Outstanding Litigations against our Company – Material civil proceedings_** ” on page 425. In the event that any other unfavorable orders are passed against us in this matter, it will impact our reputation and business. We also cannot assure you that in the future, we will not be subject to claims in relation to intellectual property infringements. 

Further, we significantly rely on in-house developed proprietary technologies and algorithms for various aspects of our operations. Our websites and mobile applications rely on our in-house developed proprietary technology, all of which may not be subject to intellectual property protection. If we are unable to protect such proprietary technologies and aspects against infringement or misappropriation, our ability to compete effectively may be affected. 

**_46. We are dependent on a number of key personnel and our inability to attract or retain such persons or finding equally skilled personnel could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

We are highly dependent on our Key Managerial Personnel and members of our Senior Management for formulating our business strategies and managing our business. Our Chairman, Managing Director and Group Chief Executive Officer, Aloke Bajpai and Director and Group Co-Chief Executive Officer, Rajnish Kumar, have experience in the travel industry. Further, our senior management team also has experience in the internet, information technology and travel sector and has technical expertise that has helped expand our business through various initiatives including broadening our distribution channels and growing our products and services offerings. For further information, see “ **_Our Management – Key Managerial Personnel”_** and **_“Our Management – Senior Management”_** on page 282. Our ability to meet continued success and future business challenges depends on our ability to attract, recruit and retain experienced, talented and skilled professionals. Our attrition rate in Fiscals 2021, 2022 and 2023 and in the nine months ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023 was 25.80%, 27.50%, 27.14%, 21.86% and 19.91% respectively. The market for skilled employees in the OTA industry is extremely competitive, and the process of hiring employees with the necessary skills requires the diversion of significant time and resources. The specialized skills we require can be difficult and time-consuming to acquire and develop and, as a result, such skilled personnel are often in short supply. The loss of the services of our senior management or any key managerial personnel and our inability to locate suitable or qualified replacements or our inability to recruit or train a sufficient number of experienced personnel or our inability to manage the attrition 

53 

levels in different employee categories may incur additional expenses which could severely disrupt our business and have an adverse effect on our financial results and business prospects. 

**_47. Some of our Directors may have interest in entities, which are in businesses similar to ours and this may result in conflict of interest with us_ .** 

As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, certain of our Directors have interests in entities that are engaged in businesses similar to ours. For instance, our Non-Executive Director, Frederic Lalonde is the founder and CEO of Hopper, an airfare and hotel fare prediction and booking app. While there is presently no conflict, there is no assurance that our Directors will not provide competitive services or otherwise compete in business lines in which we are already present or will enter into in future. Such factors may have an adverse effect on the results of our operations and financial condition. 

**_48. An inability to maintain adequate insurance cover in connection with our business may adversely affect our operations and profitability._** 

We have obtained business package insurance in relation to fire and allied perils, material damage, burglary and housebreaking, portable equipment all risk, employee fidelity/ dishonesty and money in transit or safe. For our employees, we have a group health insurance policy. In addition, we have obtained a protector directors and officers liability insurance policy for our directors, officers, employees as well as life insurance policies for our Chairman, Managing Director and Group Chief Executive Officer, Aloke Bajpai and our Director and Group Co – Chief Executive Officer, Rajnish Kumar. For further information, see “ **_Our Business – Insurance_** _”_ on page 246. Our insurance cover for assets as of December 31, 2023 was ₹ 56.03 million, while our gross block of property, plant and equipment was ₹ 48.01 million as of December 31, 2023. Consequently, our insurance cover as a percentage of gross block of property, plant and equipment was 116.70% as of December 31, 2023. 

While the insurance coverage which we maintain would be reasonably adequate to cover the normal risks associated with the operation of our business, we cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honored fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. Our insurance policies may not provide adequate coverage in certain circumstances and are subject to certain deductibles, exclusions and limits on coverage. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, and which is not covered by insurance or exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_49. We may be required to raise additional funds through equity or debt in the future to continue to grow our business, which may not be available on favourable terms or at all._** 

Our strategy to grow our business may require us to raise additional funds for our working capital or long-term business plans. We cannot assure you that such funds will be available on favourable terms or at all. Additional debt financing may increase our financing costs. Our financing agreements may contain terms and conditions that may restrict our ability to operate and manage our business, such as terms and conditions that require us to maintain certain pre-set debt service coverage ratios and leverage ratios and require us to use our assets, including our cash balances, as collateral for our indebtedness. If we are unable to raise additional funds on favourable terms or at all as and when required, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects could be adversely affected. We may also be required to finance our growth, whether organic or inorganic, through future equity offerings, which may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in us. See, “ _–_ **_Any future issuance of Equity Shares may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by shareholders with significant shareholding may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares_** _._ ” on page 65. We may also be restrained from raising funds from foreign investors as a result of regulatory policies and frameworks. 

**_50. Industry information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from an industry report prepared by Frost & Sullivan (India) Private Limited appointed by us on August 16, 2023 and exclusively commissioned and paid for by our Company for the purpose of this Offer._** 

We have availed the services of an independent third party research agency, F&S appointed on August 16, 2023, to prepare an industry report titled “ _Independent Market Report: Indian Online Travel Agency Industry_ ” dated December 2023, exclusively for purposes of inclusion of such information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

54 

The report is a paid report that has been commissioned by our Company, and is subject to various limitations and based upon certain assumptions that are subjective in nature. We have no direct or indirect association with F&S other than as a consequence of such an engagement. The F&S Report is not exhaustive and is based on certain assumptions, parameters and conditions made and identified by F&S. F&S is not in any manner related to us, our Directors, our Key Managerial Personnel or members of our Senior Management. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Due to possibly flawed or ineffective collection methods or discrepancies between published information and market practice and other problems, the statistics herein may not be comparable to statistics produced for other economies and should not be unduly relied upon. Further, they may not be stated or compiled on the same basis or with the same degree of accuracy as may be the case elsewhere. Statements from third parties that involve estimates are subject to change, and actual amounts may differ materially from those included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_51. Certain Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and members of Senior Management, are interested in our Company’s performance in addition to their remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Certain of our Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and members of Senior Management are interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses and such interests are to the extent of their, their relatives and their company’s shareholding in our Company, payment of dividend or distributions thereon. For the payments that are made by our Company to related parties, see “ **_Other Financial Information – Related Party Transactions_** ” on page 377. We cannot assure you that our Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and members of Senior Management will exercise their rights to the benefit and best interest of our Company. As Shareholders of our Company, our Directors, Key Managerial Personnel or members of Senior Management, may take or block actions with respect to our business which may conflict with the best interests of the Company or that of minority shareholders. 

**_52. We have issued Equity Shares during the preceding twelve months at a price which may be below the Offer Price._** 

We have issued Equity Shares in the last 12 months at a price which may be lower than the Offer Price, as set out in the table below: 

|**Date**<br>**allotm**|**of**<br>**ent**|**Name(s) of allottees**|**Reason/**<br>**nature**<br>**of**<br>**allotment**|**No.**<br>**Equity**<br>**Shares**<br>**allotted**|**Face**<br>**value**<br>**per**<br>**equity**<br>**share**<br>**(₹)**|**Issue**<br>**price**|**Nature**<br>**of**<br>**consideration**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|July<br>2023|13,|31,600 Equity Shares to Anshul<br>Choudhary|Allotment<br>pursuant to<br>exercise<br>under<br>ESOS 2012|31,600|1|1.25|Cash|
|July<br>2023|13,|31,700 Equity Shares to Nipun<br>Bansal, 32,000 Equity Shares to<br>Ankit Srivastava and 10,000 Equity<br>Shares to Satinder Kumar.|Allotment<br>pursuant to<br>exercise<br>under<br>ESOS 2013|73,700|1|1.25|Cash|
|July<br>2023|13,|10,000 Equity Shares to Nitish<br>Kumar Tripathi, 10,000 Equity<br>Shares to Baldev Singh, 10,000<br>Equity Shares to Anurag Mishra,<br>14,000 Equity Shares to Rajesh<br>Kumar Jain and 14,000 Equity<br>Shares to Bhavya Dixit.|Allotment<br>pursuant to<br>exercise<br>under<br>ESOS 2016|58,000|1|1.25|Cash|
|July<br>2023|13,|1,316 Equity Shares to Devendra<br>Kumar Gupta, 1,315 Equity Shares to<br>Deepanshu Singla, 5,263 Equity<br>Shares to Sandeep Aggarwal, 2,000<br>Equity Shares to Yashaswi Raj<br>Kamra, 6,800 Equity Shares to<br>Baldev Singh, 2,640 Equity Shares to<br>Amulya Agarwal, 2,640 Equity|Allotment<br>pursuant to<br>exercise<br>under<br>ESOS 2021|66,122|1|1.25|Cash|



55 

|**Date**<br>**of**<br>**allotment**|**Name(s) of allottees**|**Reason/**<br>**nature**<br>**of**<br>**allotment**|**No.**<br>**Equity**<br>**Shares**<br>**allotted**|**Face**<br>**value**<br>**per**<br>**equity**<br>**share**<br>**(₹)**|**Issue**<br>**price**|**Nature**<br>**of**<br>**consideration**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||Shares to Gaurav Sagar, 2,631 Equity<br>Shares to Sachin Kumar Grover,<br>2,631 Equity Shares to Mohd.<br>Hamzah Siddiqui, 2,000 Equity<br>Shares to Ishan Bassi, 2,400 Equity<br>Shares to Kautuk Mishra, 5,263<br>Equity Shares to Krishna Agarwal,<br>2,631 Equity Shares to Sankalp<br>Singh Chauhan, 9,200 Equity Shares<br>to Animesh Ashish, 1,315 Equity<br>Shares to Vinay Kumar Verma,<br>1,320 Equity Shares to Tanuj Juneja,<br>2,631 Equity Shares to Dinesh<br>Khoja, 2,000 Equity Shares to Nitesh<br>Kumar, 2,000 Equity Shares to<br>Rajesh Kumar Jain, 526 Equity<br>Shares to Prixit Verma, 5,200 Equity<br>Shares to Vivek Yadav and 2,400<br>Eit Sh t Sdhi Yd||||||
|October<br>27, 2023|quy ares o ur aav.<br>40,000 Equity Shares to Sumeet<br>Rana|Allotment<br>pursuant to<br>exercise<br>under<br>ESOS 2012|40,000|1|1.25|Cash|
|October<br>27, 2023|1,20,000 Equity Shares to Sumeet<br>Rana and 8,000 Equity Shares to<br>Aneesh Sharma|Allotment<br>pursuant to<br>exercise<br>under<br>ESOS 2013|1,28,000|1|1.25|Cash|
|October<br>27, 2023|10,000 Equity Shares to Anurag<br>Mishra, 10,000 Equity Shares to<br>Yashaswi Raj Kamra, 10,000 Equity<br>Shares to Arsheen Kamboj Jain and<br>10,000 Equity Shares to Ashish<br>Sharma|<br>Allotment<br>pursuant to<br>exercise<br>under<br>ESOS 2016|40, 000|1|1.25|Cash|
|October<br>27, 2023|<br>6,500 Equity Shares to Sumlata<br>Karmadi|Allotment<br>pursuant to<br>exercise<br>under|6,500|1|1.25|Cash|
|||<br>ESOS 2020|||||
|October<br>27, 2023|20,000 Equity Shares to Amrit<br>Ranjan, 1,315 Equity Shares to<br>Rajesh Kumar, 600 Equity Shares to<br>Arjun Rai, 600 Equity Shares to<br>Anshul Jain, 20,000 Equity Shares to<br>Rahul Yadav, 2,631 Equity Shares to<br>Sahin Sarkar, 10,000 Equity Shares<br>to Ayush Saini, 10,000 Equity Shares<br>to Prashant Bucha, 3,784 Equity<br>Shares to Yashaswi Raj Kamra,<br>2,600 Equity Shares to Yuvraj, 2,000<br>Equity Shares to Rajesh Kumar Jain,<br>10,000 Equity Shares to Gobind<br>Malik, 1,300 Equity Shares to<br>Naveen<br>Rathore,<br>4,000<br>Equity<br>Shares to Dawar Ali, 528 Equity<br>Shares to Dev Singh, 2,631 Equity<br>Shares to Rahul Kumar, 2,640 Equity<br>Shares to Satyam Singh, 2,640<br>Equity<br>Shares<br>to<br>Siddharth<br>Sachdeva, 2,000 Equity Shares to|<br>Allotment<br>pursuant to<br>exercise<br>under<br>ESOS 2021|1,13,049|1|1.25|Cash|



56 

|**Date**<br>**of**<br>**allotment**|**Name(s) of allottees**|**Reason/**<br>**nature**<br>**of**<br>**allotment**|**No.**<br>**Equity**<br>**Shares**<br>**allotted**|**Face**<br>**value**<br>**per**<br>**equity**<br>**share**<br>**(₹)**|**Issue**<br>**price**|**Nature**<br>**of**<br>**consideration**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||Preeti Naval, 7,500 Equity Shares to<br>Abhilash, 5,280 Equity Shares to<br>Arun Choudhary, and 1,000 Equity<br>Sh t Aih K||||||
|December<br>22, 2023|ares o vnas umar.<br>28,000 Equity Shares to Puneet<br>Kumar and 28,000 Equity Shares to<br>Udit Jain|Allotment<br>pursuant to<br>exercise<br>under<br>ESOS 2012|56,000|1|1.25|Cash|
|December<br>22, 2023|48,000 Equity Shares to Harsha,<br>76,000<br>Equity<br>Shares<br>to<br>Raj<br>Swarnim, 10,000 Equity Shares to<br>Kanika Nevatia, 14,000 Equity<br>Shares to Peeyush, 16,000 Equity<br>Shares to Aneesh Sharma, 54,000<br>Equity Shares to Manan Bajoria,<br>73,000 Equity Shares to Sunil<br>Sharma, 1,579 Equity Shares to<br>Venkata Subbaiah Peravali, 18,200<br>Equity Shares to Shubham Singh,<br>76,000 Equity Shares to Vishal<br>Arora, 10,000 Equity Shares to Udit<br>Jain and 1,052 Equity Shares to<br>Upendra Chary Kasoju|Allotment<br>pursuant to<br>exercise<br>under<br>ESOS 2013|397,831|1|1.25|Cash|
|December<br>22, 2023|.<br>5,200 Equity Shares to Baldev Singh,<br>20,000 Equity Shares to Vipul<br>Sharma, 46,800 Equity Shares to<br>Ashwani Bandhu, 20,000 Equity<br>Shares to Jagabandhu Behera, 14,000<br>Equity Shares to Puneet Kumar,<br>7,500 Equity Shares to Akshit Jain,<br>20,000 Equity Shares to Prashant<br>Gupta and 14,000 Equity Shares to<br>Udit Jain|Allotment<br>pursuant to<br>exercise<br>under<br>ESOS 2016|147,500|1|1.25|Cash|
|December<br>22, 2023|<br>1,200 Equity Shares to Ajay Das,<br>2,200 Equity Shares to Chittattoor<br>Rajasekhar, 1,650 Equity Shares to<br>Bikramjit Deb, 4,000 Equity Shares<br>to Balasubramanian N and 29,600<br>Equity Shares to O Hari Kumar|Allotment<br>pursuant to<br>exercise<br>under<br>ESOS 2020|38,650|1|1.25|Cash|
|December<br>22, 2023|<br>5,263 Equity Shares to Gagan<br>Kumar, 2,631 Equity Shares to<br>Heena, 2,631 Equity Shares to<br>Sanjay Shukla, 526 Equity Shares to<br>Namrata Singh, 5,263 Equity Shares<br>to Chirag Bansal, 2,640 Equity<br>Shares to Satyam Singh, 528 Equity<br>Shares to Chetan Kamal Vikas, 2,631<br>Equity Shares to Prabhakar Kumar,<br>7,800 Equity Shares to Kapil Verma,<br>5,000 Equity Shares to Rehaman<br>Riyaz, 528 Equity Shares to Neha,<br>600 Equity Shares to Nitish Kumar<br>Sharma, 5,800 Equity Shares to<br>Bonagiri Manoj, 4,000 Equity Shares<br>to Rajesh Kumar Gond, 5,000 Equity<br>Shares to Raj Swarnim, 6,853 Equity<br>Shares to Raj Swarnim, 1,600 Equity<br>Shares to Drishti Kathuria, 2,631<br>Equity Shares to Ankit Raj, 2,631<br>Equity Shares to Anil Kumar Meena,|Allotment<br>pursuant to<br>exercise<br>under<br>ESOS 2021|565,476|1|1.25|Cash|



57 

|**Date**<br>**of**<br>**allotment**|**Name(s) of allottees**|**Reason/**<br>**nature**<br>**of**<br>**allotment**|**No.**<br>**Equity**<br>**Shares**<br>**allotted**|**Face**<br>**value**<br>**per**<br>**equity**<br>**share**<br>**₹**|**Issue**<br>**price**|**Nature**<br>**of**<br>**consideration**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|||||**()**|||
||4,721 Equity Shares to Kanika<br>Nevatia, 7,800 Equity Shares to<br>Anuvrata Chitranshi, 171,052 Equity<br>Shares to Rahul Gautam, 3,200<br>Equity Shares to Priyasha Chaubey,<br>1,315 Equity Shares to Rajendra<br>Manker, 2,631 Equity Shares to<br>Abhishek<br>Saini,<br>20,000<br>Equity<br>Shares to Naresh Somisetty, 96,000<br>Equity Shares to Bharat Bhushan,<br>5,263 Equity Shares to Bhupesh<br>Pruthi, 26,402 Equity Shares to<br>Chittattoor Rajasekhar, 2,631 Equity<br>Shares to Lakshya Khanna, 15,849<br>Equity Shares to Sunil Sharma,<br>13,862 Equity Shares to Vishnu<br>Sharma, 2,631 Equity Shares to<br>Bibhu Kamal Seth, 10,000 Equity<br>Shares to Chahat Bahl, 1,320 Equity<br>Shares to Tanuj Juneja, 10,000<br>Equity Shares to Nandan Kumar<br>Chaudhary, 5,280 Equity Shares to<br>Lokesh Pathak, 2,640 Equity Shares<br>to Siddharth Sachdeva, 6,400 Equity<br>Shares to Aditi Tambi, 2,631 Equity<br>Shares to Amit Kumar Das, 2,631<br>Equity Shares to Shivam Jaiswal,<br>10,000 Equity Shares to Manbhav<br>Singh Sawhney, 7,140 Equity Shares<br>to Vishal Arora, 1,000 Equity Shares<br>to Mritunjay Kumar Singh, 30,000<br>Equity Shares to Partik Madan,<br>10,000 Equity Shares to Ashish<br>Kumar Verma, 2,631 Equity Shares<br>to Darsh Asawa, 5,280 Equity Shares<br>to Upasana Srivastava, 2,631 Equity<br>Shares to Shounak Singh, 528 Equity<br>Shares to Dev Singh, 15,000 Equity<br>Shares to Suresh Kumar Bhutani and<br>2,631 Equity Shares to Piyush Joshi||||||



For further information, see " **_Capital Structure – Notes to Capital Structure – Equity Shares at a price lower than the Offer Price in the last one year_** " on page 99. The prices at which Equity Shares were issued by us in the past year should not be taken to be indicative of the Price Band, Offer Price and the trading price of our Equity Shares after listing. 

# **_53. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

Our Company has not declared dividends on the Equity Shares during the current Fiscal and the last three Fiscals. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on a number of factors including, liquidity position, profits, capital requirements, financial commitments and financial requirements including business expansion plans, cost of borrowings, other corporate actions and other relevant or material factors considered relevant by our Board, and external factors, such as the state of the economy and capital markets, applicable taxes, regulatory changes and other relevant or material factors considered relevant by our Board. The declaration and payment of dividends will be recommended by the Board of Directors and approved by the Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act 2013. We may retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of the business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the 

58 

future. Accordingly, realization of a gain on Shareholders’ investments will depend on the appreciation of the price of the Equity Shares. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will appreciate in value. 

**_54. We and other OTAs are required to collect tax from airlines/ other suppliers and deposit such tax with the Government of India._** 

As per the provisions of Notification No. 52/2018 – Central Tax and Notification No. 02/2018 – Integrated Tax each dated September 20, 2018 issued by the Central Board of Indirect Taxes and Customs, Department of Revenue, Ministry of Finance, Government of India, we are required to collect an amount equivalent of 0.5% of the net value of intra-state taxable supplies and an amount equivalent to 1% of the net value of inter-state taxable supplies, respectively. In addition, pursuant to Notification No. 17/2021 – Central Tax (Rate) dated November 18, 2021, issued by Department of Revenue, Ministry of Finance, Government of India, by virtue of being an electronic commerce operator, we are also required to pay a tax on intra – state supplies for services of transportation through bus. As per section 52(6) of the CGST Act, 2017, interest is applicable on omission of such payments on time as well in case of incorrect particulars. In such instances, interest is applicable since it is an omission. Further penalty under section 122(i)(vi) of the CGST Act, 2017 would also be leviable. 

As per the provisions of Section 194-O of Income Tax Act 1961, we are required to deduct an amount equivalent to 1% of the gross value of services provided through our platform, by virtue of being an electronic commerce operator. As per section 201(1A) of the Income Tax Act, 1961, interest is applicable on omission of such payments on time as well in case of incorrect particulars. Further, penalty under section 221 of the Income Tax Act, 1961 would also be leviable. 

As of December 31, 2023, an amount aggregating to ₹ 20.44 million was outstanding as recoverable and we cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully recover such amounts paid for the tax deducted at source from the respective airlines/other suppliers in future. 

# **_55. Our operations are seasonal in nature, due to which performance of a period may not be indicative of our performance for a full year._** 

Our operations are seasonal in nature. We tend to experience higher revenue from our businesses in certain quarters and in particular, the third and fourth quarters of a particular Fiscal, which coincide with the festival season and the year-end holiday travel season for our customers. In light of such seasonal patterns of the demand of our OTA platforms, our revenue and results of operations fluctuate due to seasonality, and thus the results for any period in a year are not necessarily indicative of the full-year results. 

**_56. Inability to maintain adequate internal controls may affect our ability to effectively manage our operations, resulting in errors or information lapses._** 

As we continue to expand, our success depends on our ability to effectively utilize our resources and maintain internal controls. We may need to modify and improve our financial and management control processes, reporting systems and procedures and other internal controls and compliance procedures to meet our evolving business needs. If we are unable to improve our controls, systems and procedures, they may become ineffective and adversely affect our ability to manage our operations resulting in errors or information lapses that affect our business. Our efforts in improving our internal control systems may not result in eliminating all risks. If we are not successful in discovering and eliminating weaknesses in our internal controls, our ability to manage our business effectively may materially and adversely be affected. 

**_57. Our customers may engage in transactions in or with countries or persons that are subject to U.S. and other sanctions._** 

U.S. law generally prohibits U.S. persons from directly or indirectly investing or otherwise doing business in or with certain countries that are the subject of comprehensive sanctions and with certain persons or businesses that have been specially designated by the OFAC or other U.S. government agencies. Other governments and international or regional organizations also administer similar economic sanctions. We may enter into transactions with customers who may be doing business with, or located in, countries to which certain OFAC-administered and other sanctions apply. We cannot assure you that we will be able to fully monitor all of our transactions for any potential violation. If it were determined that transactions in which we participate violate U.S. or other sanctions, we could be subject to U.S. or other penalties, and our reputation and future business prospects in the United States or with U.S. persons, or in other jurisdictions, could be adversely affected. We rely on our staff to 

59 

be up-to-date and aware of the latest sanctions in place. Further, investors in the Equity Shares could incur reputational or other risks as the result of our customers’ dealings in or with countries or with persons that are the subject of U.S. sanctions. 

# **External Risk Factors** 

# **_Risks Relating to India_** 

# **_58. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Adverse economic developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficits, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. 

We are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in which we operate. Demand for our offerings may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional and global economies. Economic growth in the countries in which we operate is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports, global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall which affects agricultural production. Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Also, a change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could adversely affect economic conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular and high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our revenues, and as such decrease our operating margins. 

# **_59. We may be affected by competition laws, the adverse application or interpretation of which could adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, of India, as amended (“ **Competition Act** ”), regulates practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India (“ **AAEC** ”). Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an AAEC is considered void and may result in the imposition of substantial monetary penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or the provision of services or shares the market or source of production or provision of services in any manner, including by way of allocation of geographical area, type of goods or services or number of customers in the relevant market or in any other similar way or directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an AAEC and is considered void. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. 

All agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extraterritorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an AAEC in India. However, the impact of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements entered into by us cannot be predicted with certainty at this stage. However, since we pursue an acquisition driven growth strategy, We may be affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI or if any prohibition or substantial penalties are levied under the Competition Act, it would adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

**_60. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including the withdrawal of certain benefits or adverse application of tax laws, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

We are subject to various laws and regulations including the Information Technology Act, 2000, Information Technology (Intermediaries Guidelines and Digital Media Ethics Code) Rules, 2021, Information Technology 

60 

(Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011, each as amended. In addition, the Government of India has recently introduced certain labour legislations which consolidate, subsume and replace numerous existing central labour legislations. For further information, see “ **_Key Regulations and Policies in India_** ” on page 248. Our business could be adversely affected by any change in laws, municipal plans or interpretation of existing laws, or promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations. 

Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. For instance, it is possible that the Government of India or other regulatory authorities like DGCA may regulate convenience fee on air tickets which may affect our revenue per booking and subsequently our revenue and profitability in the air business, which can in turn impact our overall business. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements. 

# **_61. A slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer._** 

Any slowdown in the Indian economy or future volatility in global commodity prices could adversely affect our business. Additionally, an increase in trade deficit, a downgrading in India’s sovereign debt rating or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively affect interest rates and liquidity, which could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business. A slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect the policy of the Government of India towards our industry, which may in turn adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to implement our business strategy. A decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves may also affect liquidity and interest rates in the Indian economy, which could adversely impact our financial condition. A loss of investor confidence in other emerging market economies or any worldwide financial instability may adversely affect the Indian economy, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

Other factors which may adversely affect the Indian economy are scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing of our developments and expansions; volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on India’s principal stock exchanges; changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies; political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighboring countries; occurrence of natural or man-made disasters; infectious disease outbreaks or other serious public health concerns; prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; and other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India. 

# **_62. A downgrade in ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the sovereign credit ratings of India. Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_63. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia, Russia, and elsewhere in the world may affect the Indian economy. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. Adverse global developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have an adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

61 

**_64. If there is any change in laws or regulations, including taxation laws, or their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect our financial statements_** 

Any change in Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. For instance, Income Tax Act, 1961 (“ **IT Act** ”) was amended to provide domestic companies an option to pay corporate income tax at the effective rate of approximately 25.17% (inclusive of applicable surcharge and health and education cess), as compared to effective rate of 34.94% (inclusive of applicable surcharge and health and education cess), provided such companies do not claim certain specified deductions or exemptions. Any such future amendments may affect our ability to claim exemptions that we have historically benefited from, and such exemptions may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. 

In addition, we are subject to tax related inquiries and claims. We may be particularly affected by claims from tax authorities on account of income tax assessment and GST that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into one unified rate of tax with effect from July 1, 2017. 

In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations, and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_65. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our services at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our clients thereby reducing our margins._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of wages and other expenses relevant to our business. 

High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our clients, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or increase the price of our products and services to pass the increase in costs on to our clients. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Further, the Government of India has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. We cannot assure you that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

# **_66. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights, including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholders in an Indian company than as shareholders of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

**_67. A third-party could be prevented from acquiring control of us post this Offer, because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian law._** 

As a listed Indian entity, there are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company. Under the Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company subsequent to completion of the Offer. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to our shareholders, such a takeover may not be attempted or consummated because of Takeover Regulations. 

62 

**_68. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us or our Directors, respectively, except by way of a lawsuit in India._** 

Our Company is a company incorporated under the laws of India. A majority of our Company’s Directors and officers are residents of India and our assets and such persons are located in India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce judgments obtained against such parties outside India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if that court was of the view that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy, or if judgments are in breach or contrary to Indian law. In addition, a party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain approval from the RBI to execute such a judgment or to repatriate outside India any amounts recovered. 

Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13 and Section 44A of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908. India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with only a limited number of jurisdictions, such as the United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong. In order to be enforceable, a judgment from a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements established in the Indian Code of Civil Procedure, 1908. The CPC only permits the enforcement and execution of monetary decrees in the reciprocating jurisdiction, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India, including the United States, cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be directly enforceable in India. The party in whose favour a final foreign judgment in a non-reciprocating territory is rendered may bring a fresh suit in a competent court in India based on the final judgment within three years of obtaining such final judgment. However, it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or inconsistent with the public policy in India. 

# **_Risks Relating to the Equity Shares and this Offer_** 

# **_69. The trading volume and market price of the Equity Shares may be volatile following the Offer._** 

The market price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate as a result of, among other things, the following factors, some of which are beyond our control: 

- quarterly variations in our results of operations; 

- results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

- results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 

- changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by research analysts and investors; 

- a change in research analysts’ recommendations; 

- announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments; 

- announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us; 

- new laws and governmental regulations applicable to our industry; 

- additions or departures of key management personnel; 

- changes in exchange rates; 

- fluctuations in stock market prices and volume; and 

- general economic and stock market conditions. 

Changes in relation to any of the factors listed above could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_70. Pursuant to listing of the Equity Shares, we may be subject to pre-emptive surveillance measures like Additional Surveillance Measure (“ASM”) and Graded Surveillance Measures (“GSM”) by the Stock Exchanges in order to enhance market integrity and safeguard the interest of investors._** 

SEBI and the Stock Exchanges have introduced various pre-emptive surveillance measures in order to enhance market integrity and safeguard the interests of investors, including ASM and GSM. ASM and GSM are imposed on securities of companies based on various objective criteria such as significant variations in price and volume, 

63 

concentration of certain client accounts as a percentage of combined trading volume, average delivery, securities which witness abnormal price rise not commensurate with financial health and fundamentals such as earnings, book value, fixed assets, net worth, price / earnings multiple and market capitalization. 

Upon listing, the trading of our Equity Shares would be subject to differing market conditions as well as other factors which may result in high volatility in price, low trading volumes, and a large concentration of client accounts as a percentage of combined trading volume of our Equity Shares. The occurrence of any of the abovementioned factors or other circumstances may trigger any of the parameters prescribed by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges for placing our securities under the GSM and/or ASM framework or any other surveillance measures, which could result in significant restrictions on trading of our Equity Shares being imposed by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges. These restrictions may include requiring higher margin requirements, requirement of settlement on a trade for trade basis without netting off, limiting trading frequency, reduction of applicable price band, requirement of settlement on gross basis or freezing of price on upper side of trading, as well as mentioning of our Equity Shares on the surveillance dashboards of the Stock Exchanges. The imposition of these restrictions and curbs on trading may have an adverse effect on market price, trading and liquidity of our Equity Shares and on the reputation and conditions of our Company. 

# **_71. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ **_Basis for Offer Price_** ” on page 144 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that you will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

**_72. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and the Offer may not result in an active or liquid market for the Equity Shares. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and the investors may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the stock exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such a market for the Equity Shares. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India and volatility in the Stock Exchanges and securities markets elsewhere in the world. 

# **_73. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of income arising on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares held as investments in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Any capital gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares on a Stock Exchange held for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to long term capital gains in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as whether the sale is undertaken on or off the Stock Exchanges, the quantum of gains and any available treaty relief. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long-term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of Securities Transaction Tax (“ **STT** ”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. Further, any capital gains realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to short-term capital gains tax in India. 

In terms of the Finance Act, 2018, with effect from April 1, 2018, taxes payable by an assessee on the capital gains arising from transfer of long-term capital assets (introduced as Section 112A of the Income-Tax Act, 1961) shall be calculated on such long-term capital gains at the rate of 10%, where the long-term capital gains exceed ₹100,000, subject to certain exceptions in case of resident individuals and Hindu Undivided Families. The stamp duty for transfer of certain securities, other than debentures, on a delivery basis is currently specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. 

Under the Finance Act 2020, any dividends paid by an Indian company will be subject to tax in the hands of the shareholders at applicable rates. Such taxes will be withheld by the Indian company paying dividends. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the 

64 

purposes of deducting tax at source pursuant to any corporate action including dividends. Investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors and to carefully consider the potential tax consequences of owning Equity Shares. Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. 

**_74. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will be listed on the stock exchanges in a timely manner or at all._** 

In accordance with Indian law and practice, permission for listing and trading of our Equity Shares will not be granted until after certain actions have been completed in relation to this Offer and until Allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to this Offer. 

In accordance with current regulations and circulars issued by SEBI, our Equity Shares are required to be listed on the stock exchanges within such time as mandated under UPI Circulars, subject to any change in the prescribed timeline in this regard. However, we cannot assure you that the trading in our Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner or at all. Any failure or delay in obtaining final listing and trading approvals may restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares. 

# **_75. Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Offer._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. Trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within three Working Days of the Bid / Offer Closing Date or such number of Working Days as prescribed by SEBI. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

**_76. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked instruments by us may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by shareholders with significant shareholding may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering of Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares including through exercise of employee stock options, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us or sales of our Equity Shares by our shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will not issue Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares or that our Shareholders will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

# **_77. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. 

65 

In addition, pursuant to the Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the DPIIT, which has been incorporated as the proviso to Rule 6(a) of the FEMA Rules, all investments under the foreign direct investment route by entities of a country which shares land border with India or where the beneficial owner of the Equity Shares is situated in or is a citizen of any such country, can only be made through the Government approval route, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy dated October 15, 2020 and the FEMA Rules. Further, in the event of transfer of ownership of any existing or future foreign direct investment in an entity in India, directly or indirectly, resulting in the beneficial ownership falling within the aforesaid restriction/purview, such subsequent change in the beneficial ownership will also require approval of the Government of India. 

We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For further information, see “ **_Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_** ” on page 481. 

**_78. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as Indian GAAP, U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which investors may be more familiar with and may consider material to their assessment of our financial condition._** 

Our Restated Financial Information for Fiscals 2021, 2022, 2023 and for the nine months ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023 have been derived from the: (i) audited interim consolidated financial statements of the group for the nine months ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023 each prepared in accordance with Ind AS 34, as prescribed under Section 133 of the Companies Act 2013 read with the Ind AS Rules; and (ii) audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as of and for the financial year ended March 31, 2021, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2023, each prepared in accordance with Ind AS, as prescribed under Section 133 of the Companies Act 2013 read with the Ind AS Rules. The aforementioned financial statements have been restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the ICAI Guidance Note. Ind AS differs in certain significant respects from Indian GAAP, IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. If our financial statements were to be prepared in accordance with such other accounting principles, our results of operations, cash flows and financial position may be substantially different. Prospective investors should review the accounting policies applied in the preparation of our financial statements, and consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between these accounting principles and those with which they may be more familiar. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

**_79. The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and the Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer. Further, the current market price of some securities listed pursuant to certain previous issues managed by the BRLMs is below their respective issue prices._** 

The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions, and will be determined by our Company in consultation with the BRLMs. Furthermore, the Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company in consultation with the BRLMs through the Book Building Process. These will be based on numerous factors, including factors as described in the section “ **_Basis for Offer Price_** ” on page 144 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. 

In addition to the above, the current market price of securities listed pursuant to certain previous initial public offerings managed by the BRLMs is below their respective issue price. For further details, see “ **_Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Price information of past issues handled by the BRLMs_** ” on page 447. The factors that could affect the market price of the Equity Shares include, among others, broad market trends, financial performance and results of our Company post-listing, and other factors beyond our control. We cannot assure you that an active market will develop or sustained trading will take place in the Equity Shares or provide any assurance regarding the price at which the Equity Shares will be traded after listing. 

**_80. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after the submission of their Bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after closure of the Bid/ Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids 

66 

during the Bid/ Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until the Bid/ Offer Closing Date. While we are required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within three Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by the SEBI, events affecting the investors’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events may limit the Investors’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

# **_81. Investors may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act 2013 a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting on such resolution. 

However, if the law of the jurisdiction the investors are in, does not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our Company filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless our Company makes such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in our Company would be reduced. 

# **_82. Compliance with provisions of Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act may affect payments on the Equity Shares._** 

The U.S. “Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act” (or “ **FATCA** ”) imposes a new reporting regime and potentially, imposes a 30% withholding tax on certain “foreign passthru payments” made by certain non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries). 

If payments on the Equity Shares are made by such non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries), this withholding may be imposed on such payments if made to any non-U.S. financial institution (including an intermediary) that is not otherwise exempt from FATCA or other holders who do not provide sufficient identifying information to the payer, to the extent such payments are considered “foreign passthru payments”. Under current guidance, the term “foreign passthru payment” is not defined and it is therefore not clear whether and to what extent payments on the Equity Shares would be considered “foreign passthru payments”. The United States has entered into intergovernmental agreements with many jurisdictions (including India) that modify the FATCA withholding regime described above. It is not yet clear how the intergovernmental agreements between the United States and these jurisdictions will address “foreign passthru payments” and whether such agreements will require us or other financial institutions to withhold or report on payments on the Equity Shares to the extent they are treated as “foreign passthru payments”. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the consequences of FATCA, or any intergovernmental agreement or non-U.S. legislation implementing FATCA, to their investment in Equity Shares. 

# **_83. U.S. holders should consider the impact of the passive foreign investment company rules in connection with an investment in our Equity Shares._** 

A foreign corporation will be treated as a passive foreign investment company (“ **PFIC** ”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes for any taxable year in which either: (i) at least 75% of its gross income is “passive income” or (ii) at least 50% of its gross assets during the taxable year (based on of the quarterly values of the assets during a taxable year) are “passive assets,” which generally means that they produce passive income or are held for the production of passive income. 

The determination of whether or not our Company is a PFIC is a factual determination that is made annually after the end of each taxable year, and we cannot assure you that our Company will not be considered a PFIC in the 

67 

current taxable year or any future taxable year because, among other reasons, (i) the composition of our Company’s income and assets will vary over time, and (ii) the manner of the application of relevant rules is uncertain in several respects. Further, our Company’s PFIC status may depend on the market price of its Equity Shares, which may fluctuate considerably. 

68 

