## **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could suffer, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment._ 

## **Internal Risk Factors** 

# **1.** **_A criminal case is pending against one of our Promoters._** 

There is a criminal case pending against Mr. B.K. Agrawal. A case has been filed under section 30 of the Coal Mines (Nationalization) Act, 1973 and under sections 120B, 379, 411, 413, 414, 420, 468 and 471 of the Indian Penal Code, 1860, alleging that our Company had made transportation and sale of “steam coal” under the garb of rejected coal and thereby defrauded the government of duty. The matter is pending before the Sessions Judge, Burdwan. We cannot assure you that the matter will be decided in our favour. In the event an order is passed against Mr. B.K. Agrawal, it will adversely affect the operations of our Company, the reputation of our Company and consequently our revenues and our financial condition. For further details see section titled “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments” beginning on page [●] of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **2.** **_We do not have long term contracts with customers in the metals division as well as in the packaging division and typically operate on the basis of purchase orders, which could negatively impact our revenues and profitability._** 

We do not have long term contracts with our customers in the metals division and packaging division. Most of our agreements with our customers are without any commitment to future work orders.  Our business is dependent on the decisions and actions of our customers. There are a number of factors relating to our customers outside our control that might result in the loss of a customer. Any of these factors could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. Moreover, because we typically operate on the basis of purchase orders, the terms governing our customer transactions may, as a legal matter, be unclear. 

# **3.** **_A significant portion of our revenue in the packaging and mosquito coils segment is attributable to a few clients._** 

Our revenues from the mosquito coils business as a percentage of the total revenues was 12.44%, 14.8% and 9.6% in Fiscal Year 2004, Fiscal Year 2005 and Fiscal Year 2006 respectively. Till Fiscal Year 2005, we had only two customers. In Fiscal Year 2006, we had entered into contracts with one more customers and in Fiscal Year 2007, we have entered into contracts with two more customers for manufacture of mosquito coils. Our revenues from the packaging division business as a percentage of the total revenues was 20.4%, 12.73% and 8.5% in Fiscal Year 2004, Fiscal Year 2005 and Fiscal Year 2006 respectively. Similarly, the revenue generated by our packaging division is attributable to a very few clients. In India, a major part of the crowns and caps produced by us is supplied to a single customer. 

xv 

In the event, any of our customers stop taking supply of mosquito coils or the packaging products, as the case may be, from us or reduce the quantum procured from us, it would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial conditions. 

Further, the contracts entered into by us with our customers for manufacture of mosquito coils is valid only for a period of two to three years. These contracts provide for renewal on terms and conditions to be mutually agreed between the parties. However, we cannot guarantee that the contract will be renewed before its expiry. Similarly, supply of crowns and closures is made by us to our major customer pursuant to an annual contract. The contract has already expired on December 31, 2006 and is in the process of being renewed. Our contract with another customer for plastic caps is valid only till February 15, 2007. In the event such contracts are not renewed, it would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial conditions. For further details, see section titled “Our History and Corporate Matters” on page [●] and “Our Business” on page [●]. 

# **4.** **_We compete with other Indian and foreign companies in each of the metals and packaging business._** 

We face significant domestic and foreign competition in each of our metals and packaging business. For a list of our competitors, see section titled “Our Business” on page [●]. Some of our competitors may have significantly greater resources and generate greater income than we do. Moreover, our competitor’s success depends upon a number of factors that are beyond our control. 

# **5.** **_Our packaging division and mosquito coils division may be affected by seasonality of business._** 

The demand for crowns is seasonal. Principally due to the seasonal nature of the carbonated soft drink industries, in which demand is stronger during the summer months, sales of crowns may vary quarterly. Similarly, our mosquito coil business is also affected by seasonality. The sales of mosquito coils are lower in winter months in comparison to the rest of the year. The revenues generated by our packaging division and mosquito coils division would therefore depend significantly on the sales made during the peak season.  The revenue generated by our packaging division and mosquito coil division would thus fluctuate throughout the year. 

# **_6. Our metal packaging business is subject to competition from substitute products, which could result in lower profits and reduced cash flows._** 

We are subject to substantial competition from producers of cheaper alternative packaging products. This includes competition from plastic caps which compete directly with our ROPP caps, and from plastic beverage containers for carbonated soft drinks, which use plastic caps instead of crowns. The market share for plastic beverage containers has grown substantially over the past several years. Our revenues from the metal packaging segment depend heavily on the volumes of sales of products with our packaging made by our customers in the beverage markets. Changes in preferences for products and packaging by consumers of pre-packaged beverage bottles will significantly influence the revenues of our packaging division. A decrease in the costs of, or a further increase in consumer demand for alternative packaging could result in lower profits and reduced cash flows. However, our in-house research and development team continues to actively working on other viable alternatives. 

xvi 

# **_7. Our crowns operation may be adversely affected by adverse reports regarding purity of carbonated soft drinks._** 

Crown sales for carbonated soft drinks bottles were adversely affected in Fiscal Year 2004 when the purity of certain colas was questioned by an independent research agency. Similarly in Fiscal Year 2006, allegations were made regarding the presence of pesticides in carbonated soft drinks which resulted in the sales of these drinks being adversely affected and which caused a reduction in the volume of crowns supplied to our customers. Similar allegations in the future may materially and adversely affect our financial results. 

# **_8. A substantial portion of our assets are located outside India and we are dependent on the revenues generated by our subsidiaries located outside India for a substantial part of our income._** 

Our international subsidiaries viz. Crescent  Industries Limited, Dynatech Industries Ghana Limited, MINL Limited and Euroasian Ventures FZE  generated 32%, 25%, 15%, 22%,29% and 52% of our total revenues for the Fiscal Years 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005,  2006 and for the six months ended September 30, 2006 respectively. Based on the restated audited financial statements for the six months ended September 30, 2006, the combined net asset value of our international subsidiaries  was Rs. 1663.90 million representing 48% of our net asset value based on consolidated restated audited financial statements for the six months ended September 30, 2006. Any adverse effect on the operations in these subsidiaries would have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 

# **_9. If we are unable to implement our growth strategies in a timely manner, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected._** 

As a part of our growth strategy, we have made and will be making substantial investments in new production capacities. Our success will depend on, among other things, our ability to secure required financing, assess potential markets, time our capital investments, control input costs, attract new customers in India and in international markets, maintain and enhance our position with our current customers both in India and internationally and maintain sufficient operational and financial controls. Our growth strategy may place significant demands on our management and other resources. Our growth strategies involve risks and difficulties, many of which are beyond our control and accordingly there can be no assurance that we will be able to complete our plans on schedule or without incurring additional expenditures or at all. If market conditions change, if operations do not generate sufficient funds or for any other reasons, we may decide to delay, modify or forego some aspects of our growth strategies. Our future results of operations may be adversely affected if we are unable to implement our growth strategies successfully. 

# **_10. Expanding our market outside of India could increase costs and may decrease profits._** 

Our strategic objective of expanding our markets overseas carries certain significant risks. Our business strategy of expansion into foreign markets will require us to adapt our products and our marketing strategy to foreign markets. In many markets we may have to establish subsidiaries or affiliated companies using local partners or conclude co-operation agreements with companies. In the case of such joint ventures and other co-operation arrangements, there can be no assurance that we will be able to negotiate attractive terms or prevail in a potential disagreement with our business partners. 

xvii 

Our expansion into foreign markets will also expose us to risks associated with different legal and taxation regimes and economic conditions in each country and to different (and potentially more onerous) legal regimes with respect to product liability and warranty requirements. We will also increase our exposure to risks of fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates. As a result, our strategy of expansion into markets outside India could increase our costs of operations and thereby could have an adverse effect on our future prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **11.** **_We have expanded our capacities for certain products at certain occasions in past without client agreements in place to utilize this capacity._** 

Historically, we have expanded our capacity ahead of signing contracts and we expect that we will continue to do so to meet any anticipated business growth. We have excess capacity available in some of our units. If we are unsuccessful in increasing the demand for our products to match our increased capacity, we will not be able to leverage these investments and expenses to improve our profitability. 

# **_12.Our indebtedness including the conditions and restrictions imposed by our financing arrangements could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and operations._** 

As on September 30, 2006, as per consolidated restated financial statements, we had total secured and unsecured loans of Rs. 4,287.33 million. We may incur additional indebtedness in the future. Our indebtedness could have several important consequences, including but not limited to the following: 

- a portion of our cash flow will be used towards servicing and repayment of our existing debt, which will reduce the availability of cash to fund working capital needs, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate requirements; 

- our ability to obtain additional financing in the future at reasonable terms may be restricted; 

- the incurrence of additional debt by our Subsidiaries may restrict or prohibit the making of distributions, the payment of dividends by our Subsidiaries to us; 

- increases in market interest rates may adversely affect the cost of our borrowings, as some of our loans are at variable interest rates; and 

- we may be more vulnerable to economic downturns, may be limited in our ability to withstand competitive pressures and may have reduced flexibility in responding to changing business, regulatory and economic conditions. 

We have entered into agreements with certain banks and financial institutions for short-term and long-term borrowings.  Some of these agreements contain certain restrictive covenants, such as requiring prior, written lender consent, _inter alia_ , for issuance of new shares, incurring further indebtedness, creating further encumbrances on our assets, disposing of our assets, effecting any scheme of amalgamation or restructuring, undertaking guarantee obligations, declaring dividends or incurring capital expenditures beyond certain limits. We cannot assure you that the lenders will grant the required consents in a timely manner or at all. The time required to secure consents may hinder us from taking advantage of a dynamic market environment. In the past, we have been able to obtain consents or otherwise proceed with transactions that, although discussed with our lenders could arguably give rise to technical, though not a substantive breach. However, should our lenders enforce their rights against us in this matter, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be negatively impacted. 

xviii 

In addition, certain of these borrowings contain financial covenants, which require us to maintain, among other matters, specified net worth to assets ratio, debt service coverage ratio and fixed asset cover ratio There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with these financial or other covenants or that we will be able to obtain the consents necessary to take the actions we believe are necessary to operate and grow our business.  In certain cases, a default under one debt instrument may also trigger cross-defaults under our other debt instruments. An event of default under any debt instrument, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on us. 

# **13.** **_Our Promoters have given personal guarantees in relation to certain debt facilities provided to us by our lenders._** 

Some of the debt facilities provided to our Company by our lenders, stipulates that the facility shall be secured by a personal guarantee of our promoters. In the event there is any default in any of these obligations, the personal guarantees given by our Promoters may be invoked which in turn may adversely affect their ability to manage the affairs of our Company. 

# **_14.We have not entered into definitive agreements to utilise the net proceeds of the Issue and the requirement of funds has not been appraised._** 

We intend to use the net proceeds of the Issue for the purposes described in the section titled “Objects of Issue” on page [ • ]. Our funding requirements and the deployment of the proceeds of the Issue are based on management estimates and have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. The deployment of funds as described in the section titled “Objects of the Issue” on page [●] is at the discretion of our Board. Moreover, in view of the highly competitive nature of the industry in which we operate, we may have to revise our management estimates from time to time and consequently our funding requirements may also change. We have not entered into any definitive agreements to utilise the net proceeds of the Issue. There can be no assurance that we will be able to enter into such agreements on such terms favorable to us or to all. Accordingly, investors in this Issue will need to rely upon the judgment of our management, who will have considerable discretion, with respect to the use of proceeds. Pending utilization of the proceeds of the Issue, we intend to temporarily invest the proceeds in fixed deposit accounts with banks and short term financial instruments. Such investments would be in accordance with the investment policies approved by the Board from time to time. However, such investments could lose value or not produce expected income. 

# **15.** **_Our business is dependent on our manufacturing facilities. The loss of or shutdown of operations at any of our manufacturing facilities may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We currently conduct our operations from 18 manufacturing facilities in India, Nigeria and Ghana. Our facilities are subject to operating risks, such as the breakdown or failure of equipment, power supply or processes, performance below expected levels of output or efficiency, obsolescence, labour disputes, natural disasters, industrial accidents and the need to comply with the directives of relevant government authorities. The occurrence of any of these risks could significantly affect our operating results. We also shut down plants for capacity expansions and equipment upgrades. The operations of our plants can also be affected by natural disasters. Although we take precautions to minimize the risk of any significant operational problems at our facilities, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by any disruption of operations at our facilities. 

xix 

# **16.** **_If we are unable to obtain, maintain or renew our statutory and regulatory licenses, permits and approvals required to operate our business it may materially and adversely affect our business and operations._** 

In order to operate our various manufacturing facilities and offices, we are required to obtain certain licenses, registrations or approvals under the applicable laws of the various states in India in which our offices are located. We have made applications for renewal of, or for obtaining the following consents/approvals: 

- a) Renewal of factory license has been made to the Chief Inspector of Factories for the CY 2007 by all the units excluding the units in Kutch, unit located at Brahmanpur, Haripal, unit located at Bankura and Silvassa who have renewed their license for the year 2007. 

- b) Renewal of consent to operate under the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 and under the Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981 for our unit located in Assam. 

- c) Obtaining certificate of registration under the Assam Professions, Trades, Callings and Employments Taxation Act, 1947 for our unit located in Assam. 

- d) Issuance of duplicate registration certificate under the Employees State Insurance Act, 1948 for our unit located in Assam. 

- e) Authorization for operating a facility for collection, storage and transportation of hazardous wastes under Hazardous Waste (Management and Handling Rules), 1989 for our unit located at Bankura. 

- f) Certificate of registration under the Employees State Insurance Act, 1948 for the unit located at 15 B.K Paul Temple Road, Belur, unit located at 12 Duffer Street, Liluah, office located at 8/1 Lalbazar Street, Kolkata. 

- g) Allotment of code number under the Employees Provident Fund and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952 for the unit located at 15 B.K Paul Temple Road, Belur, unit located at 71/3 Dharamtala Road, Ghusuri, unit located at 12 Duffer Street, Liluah, office located at 8/1 Lalbazar Street, Kolkata. 

We do not have consents/approvals under the following Acts in respect of the following units: - 

- a) Consent under Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 and Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981, and Authorization for operating a facility for collection, storage and transportation of hazardous wastes under Hazardous Waste (Management and Handling Rules), 1989 in respect to our unit located at 12 Duffer Street, Liluah. 

- b) License to work a factory under the Factories Act, 1948 for the year 2006 with respect to our closures unit in Mandideep, Bhopal, unit located at 15 B.K Paul Temple Road, unit located at Belur Howrah, unit located at Bhuniya Raichak, Haldia, unit located at Brahamanpur, Haripal, unit located in 71/3 Dharamtala Road, Ghusuri, Howrah and the unit located at 12 Duffer Street, Liluah. 

- c) License under the Petroleum Act, 1934 has expired on December 31, 2006 with respect to our closures unit in Medak and our unit located at Brahmanpur, Haripal. 

- d) License under Contract (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970 for the contractors has expired on December 31, 2006 with respect to our mosquito coil unit located at Mandideep and unit located at Bhuniya Raichak, Haldia. 

- e) Certificate of verification under the Standard of Weights and Measures (Enforcement) Act, 1985 has expired with respect to our Bankura unit and our unit located at Duffer Street, Liluah. 

- f) Certificate of registration under the Employees State Insurance Act, 1948 for the unit located at 71/3 Dharamtala Road, Ghusuri and the unit located at Brahmanpur, Haripal. 

xx 

- g) Allotment of code number under the Employees Provident Fund and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952 for the unit located at Bhuniya Raichak, Haldia and the unit located at Brahmanpur, Haripal 

If we are unable to obtain the requisite licenses in a timely manner, or at all, our operations may be affected. Moreover, we may be required to obtain, maintain and renew other statutory and regulatory licenses, permits and approvals in connection with the operation of our business, which licenses, permits and approvals may expire, pursuant to their terms, from time to time. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in our ability to procure and maintain each of these licenses, permits and approvals on a timely basis or at all. Any delay or absence of receipt of such licenses, permits or approvals may expose us to significant costs and expenses or cause us to modify or cease our operations, which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further details, see the section titled “Government and Other Approvals” beginning on page [●] of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_17. Compliance with, and changes in, safety, health and environmental laws and regulations may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Some of our operations are subject to risks generally associated with the storage and transportation of fuels and waste materials, including the discharge of toxic or hazardous substances, which can cause personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage and severe damage to property. We are subject to environmental laws and regulations, which govern the discharge, emission, storage, handling and disposal of a variety of substances that may be used in or result from the operations of our business.  These laws and regulations in India include the Environment Protection Act, 1986, the Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981, the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 and other regulations promulgated by the Ministry of Environment and the Pollution Control Boards of the relevant states. 

The scope and extent of new environmental regulations, including their effect on our operations, cannot be predicted.  The costs and management time required to comply with these requirements could be significant. The measures we implement in order to comply with these new laws and regulations may not be deemed sufficient by governmental authorities and our compliance costs may significantly exceed our estimates. If we fail to meet environmental requirements, we may also be subject to administrative, civil and criminal proceedings by governmental authorities, as well as civil proceedings by environmental groups and other individuals, which could result in substantial fines and penalties against us as well as orders that could limit or halt our operations and could include us being required to incur substantial clean up costs.There can be no assurance that we will not become involved in future litigation or other proceedings or be held responsible in any such future litigation or proceedings relating to safety, health and environmental matters in the future, the costs of which could be material. Clean-up and remediation costs, as well as damages, other liabilities and related litigation, could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **18.** **_There are a number of legal proceedings against us and certain Promoter group companies._** 

There are outstanding legal proceedings against us and Promoter group companies. These proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals, enquiry officers and appellate tribunals. 

There are 48 excise cases, 7 service tax cases, 17 sales tax cases, 3 customs cases, 1 income tax case and 3 employee related cases pending against us before various courts and authorities in India. 

xxi 

The aggregate amount claimed against us as on   September 30, 2006 is approximately Rs. 140.95 million. For further details see the section “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments” beginning on page [●]. 

We can give no assurance that these legal proceedings will be decided in our favour. Should any new developments arise, such as a change in Indian law or rulings against us by appellate courts or tribunals, we may be materially and adversely affected. We can give no assurance that these legal proceedings will be decided in our favour. Further, we may also not be able to quantify all the claims in which we or any of our group companies are involved. Any adverse decision may have a significant effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

There can be no assurance that further substantial litigation will not be brought against us in the future. If we fail to successfully defend these or other claims, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

# **_19.Our success depends largely on our senior management and key personnel and our ability to attract and retain them._** 

Our performance and success depends largely on our ability to nurture and retain continued services and performance of the members of our management team and other key employees.  The loss of the services of Mr. Basant Kumar Agrawal, our Managing Director and Suresh Agrawal, our Chief Operating Officer, could seriously impair our ability to continue to manage and expand our business.  Further, the loss of any other member of our senior management or other key personnel may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We do not maintain ‘key man’ insurance for our Promoters, senior members of our management team or other key personnel. We also face a continuing challenge to recruit a sufficient number of suitably skilled personnel, particularly as we continue to grow. If we fail to hire and retain sufficient numbers of qualified personnel for functions such as manufacturing and technical, finance, marketing and sales, operations and research and development, our day-to-day operations, our ability to implement strategy, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

# **_20.We have certain contingent liabilities and our financial condition and profitability could be adversely affected if any of these contingent liabilities materialises._** 

Our total disputed liability (contingent liability) as disclosed in our audited consolidated financial statements as at September 30, 2006 was Rs. 140.95 million for which provisions have not been made.  If any of these contingent liabilities materialise, our profitability may be adversely affected. For more detailed description of our contingent liabilities, please see the section titled “Financial Statements” beginning on page [●] of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_21.Our insurance coverage may not adequately protect us against certain operating hazards and this may have a material adverse effect on our business._** 

Our manufacturing facilities could suffer physical damage from fire or other causes, resulting in losses which may not be fully compensated by insurance. There are certain types of losses, such as those due to floods, hurricanes, terrorism or acts of war, which may be uninsurable or are not insurable at a reasonable premium. We have fire and theft insurance with respect to all our manufacturing facilities. In addition, we have transit insurance with respect to our products manufactured in our units in Bhopal and Hyderabad. We also maintain insurance policies for cash 

xxii 

in transit between certain of our facilities and the bank. The total coverage under all our policies as of December 31, 2006 was Rs. 3929.97 million. 

However, we do not maintain any insurance policies for our branch offices.  We also do not maintain any group accident insurance policy or mediclaim policy for our employees. We have also not taken out workmen compensation policy, save and except for the workmen employed in our unit in Kutch **.** We have also not taken out key man insurance policies for any of our key managerial personnel. We do not maintain any product liability insurance or insurance for business interruption. 

There can be no assurance that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage that is not covered by insurance or exceeds our insurance coverage, our results of operation and cash flows may be adversely affected. 

# **_22.We do not own our Registered Office and our branch offices._** 

At present we do not own the premises that we use as our Registered Office. The same has been taken on lease by certain directors of our Company. The landlord in respect of the premises has given us consent to use the premises. If the landlord revokes the consent granted to our Company or fails to renew the tenancy, we may suffer disruption in our operations. Further, we do not own any of the premises from where we operate our branch offices. If the terms of the lease are violated by us or if we are unable to renew the leases prior to the expiry of the term thereof on terms and conditions unfavourable to us, we may suffer a disruption in our operations which may adversely affect our operations.  Further, the lease agreements in respect of certain of our other offices have not been registered 

# **_23.We do not have title deeds in relation to some of our properties and some of them are not registered in our name._** 

Our Company does not have any document evidencing creation of tenancy in respect of the premises located at 15 B.K. Pal Temple Road, Howrah. Some of the properties which we have acquired pursuant to the various scheme of amalgamation are still in the name of the companies which have merged with us and we have not taken steps for registration of the property in our name. This may affect our ability to assert our title in the event of dispute. 

In respect of our unit located in Haldia, out of the 50 acres of land, our Company has title deeds for 15 acres of land. Only part of the consideration has been paid for the remaining 35 acres and a sum of Rs. 9.62 million remains unpaid pending resolution of certain infrastructure issues. If we are unable to resolve the issues, we may suffer a disruption in our operations which may adversely affect our operations. 

# **_24.Our results of operations could be adversely affected by strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees or any other kind of disputes with our employees._** 

As of December 31, 2006, we had 2,462 employees. The number of employees is expected to increase as our proposed expansion plans are implemented. The employees in our operations are represented by labour unions. There can be no assurance that we will not experience future disruptions to our operations due to disputes or other problems with our workforce, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

xxiii 

# **25.** **_We had ventured into unrelated business in the past and may continue to do so in the future_** . 

In the past, we had ventured into the business of bullion import and trading through an agency approved by the Central Government. This was undertaken as a one-off opportunistic venture to avail of an arbitrage opportunity in interest rates. The business was discontinued from September, 2005. In the future we may venture into other unrelated businesses which may adversely affect our financial conditions and results of operations. 

# **26.** **_Equity shares of our Company are infrequently traded._** 

The Equity Shares of our Company are listed on the Calcutta Stock Exchange (CSE) since 1986. However during the last five years, the Equity Shares of our Company have not been traded. Hence we do not have a recent share price history and our last trading price cannot be taken as an indicator of our share price in the future. For more information see section titled, “Regulatory and Other Disclosures” in page [●]. 

# **_27.Any future issuance of Equity Shares may dilute your shareholding and sales of our Equity Shares by our Promoters or other major shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any future equity issuances by us, including in a primary offering may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us or sales of our Equity Shares by our Promoters or other major shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. 

# **28.** **_We will be controlled by our Promoters and Promoter group entities so long as they control a significant proportion of our Equity Shares._** 

After the completion of the Issue, our Promoters along with the Promoter Group entities will control, directly or indirectly, in excess of 58% of our outstanding Equity Shares. As a result, our Promoters will continue to exercise significant control over us, including being able to control the composition of our board of directors and determine decisions requiring simple majority voting and our other shareholders will be unable to affect the outcome of such shareholder voting. Our Promoters will also be in a position to influence any shareholder action or approval requiring a majority vote, except in circumstances where they are required by applicable laws to abstain from voting. Such a concentration of ownership may also have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control of our Company, even if such an action may be beneficial to our other shareholders. Our Promoters therefore may take or block actions with respect to our business, which may conflict with our interests or the interests of our minority shareholders, such as actions with respect to future capital raising or acquisitions. 

# **29.** **_The trademark Manaksia is owned by one of the promoter and director of our Company._** 

Our Company is not the registered proprietor of the trademark “Manaksia”. Mr Suresh Kumar Agrawal, a director of our Company, owns the trademark “ _Manaksia”_ in respect of products like furniture, mirrors, goods of woods, cork, bones, ivory, plastics, non metallic building materials and non metallic rigid pipes which are not manufactured by the Company and have no relation to the business undertaken by the Company. He has recently applied for the registration of the 

xxiv 

“Manaksia” trademark in respect of the products manufactured by Manaksia.  Our inability to use this trademark in the future could adversely affect our business. 

# **_30.We have entered into, and will continue to enter into, related party transactions._** 

We have entered into certain transactions with related parties, including our Promoter, Directors and Promoter group companies.  These transactions or any future transactions with our related parties could potentially involve conflicts of interest.  For further details see “Interest of Directors” in the section titled “Our Management” and also the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Related Party Transactions”, and “Financial Statements-” beginning on page [●] of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **31.** **_One of our Subsidiaries and certain of the Promoter group companies has incurred losses in recent periods._** 

Crescent Industries (Nepal) Private Limited, one of our Subsidiaries has incurred loss in Fiscal 2005 and Fiscal 2006 

|||_NRs. in million_|
|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**FY2006**|**FY  2005**|
|Profit/(Loss) after tax|(48.84)|(17.65)|



The following Promoter group companies have incurred losses in the past: - 

## A.  Arena Machineries Limited 

|||_Rs. in million_|
|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**FY 2004**|**FY 2005  for 18 months ended**|
|||**30.09.2005**|
|Profit/(Loss) after tax|(0.32)|(8.35)|



## B. Manaksia Steels Limited 

||||_Rs.in  million_|
|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**FY 2006**|**FY 2005**|**FY 2004**|
|Profit/(Loss) after tax|(0.01)|(0.06)|(0.03)|



## C. Manaksia Exports 

|**Particulars**|**FY 2006**|**FY 2005**|_Rs.in million_<br>**FY 2004**|
|---|---|---|---|
|Profit/(Loss) after tax|(0.00)|0.00|(0.10)|



We cannot assure you that the operations of the aforesaid companies will become profitable in the future. For further details in relation to the same, see section titled “Our Promoter and Promoter Group” beginning on page [●] of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

xxv 

## **_External Risk Factors_** 

# **1.** **_A slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer_** _._ 

Most of our operations are located in India and our business operations and performance are dependent on the overall economy, the gross domestic product (“GDP”) growth rate and the economic cycle in India. The Indian economy could be adversely affected by a number of factors. Any slowdown in the Indian economy or volatility in global commodity prices, in particular oil, steel and aluminium prices, could adversely affect the Indian economy. The Indian economy could also be adversely affected by a general rise in interest rates. A slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

# **_2. Political instability and significant changes in the Government’s policy on liberalisation of the Indian economy and/or in the other economic and industrial policies, statutory rules and regulations of the State and Central Governments of India relating to economic, industrial or labour affairs or the political situation in India could adversely affect our business._** 

The role of the Indian central and state governments in the Indian economy and their effect on producers, consumers and regulators has remained significant over the years. Since 1991, successive governments of India have pursued policies of economic liberalisation, including significantly relaxing restrictions on the private sector. The current coalition-led Government which was formed after the Indian parliamentary elections in April-May 2004 has announced policies and undertaken initiatives that continue the economic liberalisation policies pursued by previous governments. 

However, there can be no assurance that these liberalisation policies and the political stability will continue in the future. The rate of economic liberalisation could change, and laws and policies affecting our businesses, foreign investment and other matters affecting investment in our securities could change as well. Any significant change in liberalisation and deregulation policies could adversely affect business and economic conditions in India generally and our business in particular. 

Since 1996, the Government of India has changed six times. The current Indian government is a coalition of many parties, some of which are communist and other far left parties in India. The withdrawal of one or more of these parties or any dispute between groups of these political parties could result in political instability. Any political instability could delay or otherwise adversely affect the reform of the Indian economy and could have a material adverse effect on the market for our Equity Shares and our results of operations. 

Further, changes in the economic and industrial policies, statutory rules and regulations of the state and central governments of India relating to economic, industrial or labour affairs, including changes in licensing regulations, labour laws, interest rates, policy relating to foreign investment, and taxation laws, or the political situation in India could adversely affect our business. 

# **_3.Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence such as the Mumbai blasts in July 2006 or war may adversely affect the global equity markets and economic growth. These acts may also result in a 

xxvi 

loss of business confidence, make travel and other services more difficult and have other consequences that could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, any deterioration in international relations may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of our Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed localized civil disturbances in recent years. It is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse impact on our business. Such incidents could also create an increased perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse impact on our business and the market price of our Equity Shares. 

# **4.** **_Political, social, economic developments and changes in regulations in Nigeria, may adversely affect the operations of MINL in Nigeria._** 

MINL Limited, our Subsidiary, located in Nigeria contributes to a significant portion of revenues and profits. Nigeria has witnessed civil unrest since it became independent in 1960. Civilian rule was reinstated in Nigeria only in the year 1999. The country went through a particularly severe economic downturn in the early 1990’s when its currency, the Naira depreciated against the dollar to one tenth of its value. Further, Nigeria also has a long history of international indebtedness which makes the possibility of procuring external commercial borrowing difficult. The country’s debt had ballooned to billion dollars due to penalties and late fees during the 90s. The present Nigerian government however has formulated a debt repayment plan, which has been approved by the International Monetary Fund and is taking significant measures to boost the economy and encourage foreign investment. However, there can be no assurances that such policies shall continue. Any change in the economic and industrial policies, statutory rules and regulations framed by the Nigerian Government relating to economic, industrial or labour affairs, including changes in licensing regulations, labour laws, interest rates, commodity prices, policy relating to foreign investment, and taxation laws could adversely affect our subsidiary, MINL’s business. For instance, export of aluminium scrap is banned in Nigeria. This enables MINL to source aluminium scrap which is a raw material for manufacture of aluminium alloy ingots at a comparatively low price. However, in the event, the ban is lifted, it may adversely affect the price at which scrap is procured and thereby affect the profits of MINL. 

Kidnapping is still rampant in Nigeria. Attacks on foreign workers by armed robbers, kidnappers and militants demanding a greater share of the country’s oil wealth is common. Although MINL has not witnessed any instance of kidnapping, such incidents create an increased perception that investment in Nigeria involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse impact on our business. Any future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in Nigeria could have an adverse impact on our business. 

# **_5.The metals industry is cyclical in nature and factors affecting the demand for, and production of metal products affect our results of operations._** 

The steel and aluminium industry is cyclical in nature, sensitive to general economic conditions and the condition of certain other industries. Prices both for purchase of primary aluminium ingots as well as sales of aluminium rolled products are benchmarked to the prevailing LME spot price. Historically, the international market prices for aluminium ingots and rolled products and also steel products have been volatile. Because most of our costs are fixed and we maintain an inventory, an increasing price environment tends to be favourable to us, while the reverse is true in a falling price environment. We may not be able to respond quickly to any sudden decrease in aluminium prices and any significant fluctuation in international market prices could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating performance. 

xxvii 

Further, over the past few years, the demand for value added steel and aluminium products have fluctuated and may fluctuate in the future. Unfavourable changes in the demand for our products, due to changes in customer preferences, government policies and other factors may adversely affect the steel and aluminium industry and our business and results of operations. 

# **6.** **_Natural calamities could have a negative impact on the Indian economy and harm our business_** _._ 

India has experienced natural calamities such as earthquakes, floods, drought and a tsunami in recent years, most notably the tsunami that struck the southern coast of India and other Asian countries on December 26, 2004. The extent and severity of these natural disasters determines their impact on the Indian economy. An adverse impact on the Indian economy which could adversely affect our business and the price of our Equity Shares. 

# **7.** **_Exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect our financial performance._** 

Exports constitute a substantial chunk of our revenue. We also import substantial raw materials for our manufacturing activities. We are therefore exposed to exchange rate fluctuation risks. We enter into foreign forward contracts to hedge a portion of our foreign exchange exposure in respect of our exports. Adverse movements in foreign exchange rates may adversely affect our results of operations and financial conditions. 

Further, we derive a substantial portion of our revenues from our Subsidiaries located outside India, therefore, any downturn in the those markets, any adverse change in exchange rate movement, interest rates among other factors and adverse movements in foreign exchange rates may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_8.We are subject to various Indian taxes and avail ourselves of tax benefits offered by various state governments.  Our profitability would decrease due to any adverse change in general tax policies or if additional tax benefits were reduced or withdrawn._** 

Taxes and other levies imposed by the central or state governments in India that affect our industry include:  (i) excise duty; (ii) customs duty; (iii) income tax; (iv) value added tax; (v) turnover tax; (vi) service tax; and (vii) other new or special taxes and surcharges that may be introduced on a permanent or temporary basis from time to time. 

The central and state tax schemes in India are extensive and change from time to time.  Any adverse changes in any of the taxes levied by the central or state governments may adversely affect our competitive position and profitability.  We have a few disputes with central and state tax authorities where the authorities have made demands for payments of increased taxes. For further details see section titled See “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments.” beginning on page [●] of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

The statutory corporate income tax rate inclusive of surcharge and education in India is currently 33.6%.  We cannot assure you that the tax rate will not be increased in the future. 

Accordingly, our effective tax rates (provision for taxation/profit before tax and exceptional items) for Fiscal Year 2006 and Fiscal Year 2005 were 11.73 % and 28.04%, respectively. For further details see also, see section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations- — Taxes.” beginning on page [●] of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

xxviii 

# **_9.Conditions in the Indian securities market may affect the price or liquidity of the Equity Shares._** 

The Indian securities markets are smaller than securities markets in more developed economies. Indian stock exchanges have in the past experienced substantial fluctuations in the prices of listed securities. Further, the Indian stock exchanges have experienced recent volatility, with the BSE index declining by almost 25% in the summer of 2006 before recovering. The Indian stock exchanges have also experienced problems that have affected the market price and liquidity of the securities of Indian companies, such as temporary exchange closures, broker defaults, settlement delays and strikes by brokers. In addition, the governing bodies of the Indian stock exchanges have from time to time restricted securities from trading, limited price movements and restricted margin requirements. Further, disputes have occurred on occasion between listed companies and the Indian stock exchanges and other regulatory bodies that, in some cases, have had a negative effect on market sentiment. If similar problems occur in the future, the market price and liquidity of the Equity Shares could be adversely affected. 

# **_10.Any downgrading of India’s debt rating by an independent agency may harm our ability to raise debt financing._** 

Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely affect our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing is available. This could have a material adverse effect on our capital expenditure plans, business and financial performance and the price of our Equity Shares. 

# **_11.You will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares you purchase in the Issue._** 

The Equity Shares are listed on the CSE and will also be listed on the NSE, and the BSE. Pursuant to Indian regulations, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading may commence. Investors’ book entry, or “demat”, accounts with depository participants in India are expected to be credited within two working days of the date on which the basis of allotment is approved by NSE, the BSE and the CSE. Thereafter, upon receipt of final approval from the NSE, the BSE and the CSE trading in the Equity Shares is expected to commence within seven working days of the date on which the basis of allotment is approved by the Designated Stock Exchange. We cannot assure that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified above. 

# **12.** **_Changes in rules promulgated by the SEBI, the various Indian stock exchanges and changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing law and rules relating to the stock markets or investment in securities may adversely impact our business._** 

The securities industry in India is subject to extensive regulation. Our ability on being listed to comply with all the applicable laws, rules, regulations and by-laws of the SEBI and the Indian stock exchanges is largely dependent on our internal compliance procedures, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified compliance personnel. We could be subject to disciplinary or other actions in the future due to non-compliance, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

xxix 

# **13.** **_The market price of our Equity Shares may be volatile and an active trading market for our Equity Shares may not develop._** 

The prices at which our Equity Shares will trade after this Issue may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 

- volatility in the Indian and global securities markets; 

- our results of operations and performance; 

- the state of the Indian economy, significant developments in the Indian economic liberalization and changes in Indian laws and regulations; 

- the history of, and the prospects for, us and the industry in which we compete; 

- an assessment of our management, our past and present operations, and the prospects for, and timing of, our future revenues and cost structures; and 

- the valuation of and general market sentiment regarding publicly traded companies that are engaged in business activities similar to ours. 

Prior to this Issue, there has not been an active market for our Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that an active or liquid public market for our Equity Shares will develop or be sustained if developed. The public offering price of the Equity Shares may not necessarily be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after this Issue is complete. If you purchase Equity Shares in this Issue, you may not be able to resell your Equity Shares at or above the public offering price and, as a result, you may lose all or part of your investment. 

## **_Risks Associated with Our Equity Shares and This Offering_** 

# **_1.As the Issue Price per Equity Share is substantially higher than our book value per Equity Share, purchasers in this offering will immediately experience a substantial dilution in net tangible book value._** 

Purchasers of our Equity Shares will experience immediate and substantial dilution in net tangible book value per Equity Share from the Issue Price per Equity Share. Post the offering, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us, and the application of the net proceeds there from, our pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value as of December 31, 2006, would have been Rs. [●] million, or Rs. [●] per Equity Share. This represents an immediate dilution in pro forma net tangible book value of Rs. [●] per Equity Share to new investors purchasing our Equity Shares in this offering. 

# **2.** **_There are restrictions on daily movements in the price of the Equity Shares, which may adversely affect a shareholder’s ability to sell, or the price at which it can sell, Equity Shares at a particular point in time._** 

We are subject to a daily circuit breaker imposed by all stock exchanges in India which does not allow transactions beyond certain volatility in the price of the Equity Shares. This circuit breaker 

xxx 

operates independently of the index-based market-wide circuit breakers generally imposed by SEBI on Indian stock exchanges. The percentage limit on our circuit breaker is set by the stock exchanges based on the historical volatility in the price and trading volume of the Equity Shares. The stock exchanges do not inform us of the percentage limit of the circuit breaker from time to time, and may change it without our knowledge. This circuit breaker effectively limits the upward and downward movements in the price of the Equity Shares. As a result of this circuit breaker, there can be no assurance regarding the ability of shareholders to sell the Equity Shares or the price at which shareholders may be able to sell their Equity Shares. 

## **Notes:** 

- Based on our restated consolidated financial statements, the net asset value per Equity Share based on our net worth of Rs. 3,452.00 million as of September 30, 2006 was Rs. 479.14; 

- Issue of 15,500,000 Equity Shares of Rs. 2 each for cash at a price of Rs. [●] per Equity Share, including a share premium of Rs. [●] per Equity Share, aggregating Rs. [●] million. The Issue comprises a net issue to the public of up to 15,400,000 equity shares  and a reservation of up to 100,000 equity shares for subscription by Eligible Employees (as defined herein), at the Issue Price. The Issue will constitute 22.29%  of our post Issue paid-up Equity Share capital; 

- We are considering a Pre–Offering Placement. The Pre –Offering Placement is at the discretion of our Company. We will complete the issuance of equity shares prior to the issuance of Equity Shares pursuant to the Issue. Allotment of the equity shares placed in the Pre-Offering Placement and in the offering will be done simultaneously; 

- If the Pre-Offering Placement is completed, the Issue size offered to the public would be reduced to the extent of the Pre-Offering Placement, subject to a minimum Net Issue size of 10% of the post –Issue capital; 

- Other than as stated in "Capital Structure", on page [●], we have not issued any Equity Shares for consideration other than cash; 

- The average cost of acquisition of our Equity Shares by our Promoters is Rs.  0.21 for Mr. Basant Kumar Agrawal and Rs. 0.18 by Mr. Suresh Kumar Agrawal per Equity Share (of face value of Rs. 2 each). The average cost of acquisition of our Equity Shares by our Promoters has been calculated by taking into account the amount paid by them to acquire the Equity Shares, including the issue of bonus shares to them. For more information, see the section titled “Capital Structure” on page [●]; 

- Except as disclosed in the sections titled “Our Promoters and Group Companies” or “Our Management” beginning on pages [ • ] and [ • ], respectively, none of our Promoters, our Directors and our key managerial employees have any interest in the Company except to the extent of remuneration and reimbursement of expenses and to the extent of the Equity Shares held by them or their relatives and associates or held by the companies, firms and trusts in which they are interested as directors, member, partner or trustee and to the extent of the benefits arising out of such shareholding; 

- Investors may contact the BRLM for any complaints, information or clarifications pertaining to the Issue; 

- Any clarification or information relating to the Issue shall be made available by the Book Runners and our Company to the investors at large and no selective or additional information would be available for a section of investors in any manner whatsoever; 

- Investors are advised to refer to the section titled “Basis for Issue Price” on page [•] of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus; 

- Refer to the notes to our financial statements relating to related party transactions in the section titled “Consolidated Financial Statements - Related Party Transactions” on page [•] of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus for related party transactions; 

xxxi 

- 100,000 Equity Shares, i.e., 0.14% of our post-Issue share capital, have been reserved for Eligible Employees on a competitive basis. Any under-subscription in this portion shall spill over to other categories; 

- Trading in Equity Shares of our Company for all investors shall be in dematerialised form only, after the Equity Shares are made fully paid-up; 

- Under-subscription, if any, in the Non-Institutional Portion and Retail Individual Portion would be met with spill over from other categories at the sole discretion of our Company in consultation with the Book Runners; 

- Investors may note that in the event of over-subscription of the Issue, allotment to Qualified Institutional Buyers, Non-Institutional Bidders and Retail Bidders shall be on a proportionate basis. For more information, see the section titled “Basis of Allocation” on page [ • ]. 

xxxii 

