# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones relevant to us or the Equity Shares and the industry in which we currently operate or to India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also occur and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects and cash flows. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial, actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could suffer, the trading price of and the value of your investments in the Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment._ 

_To obtain a complete understanding of our Company, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Industry Overview”, “Our Business” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 125, 148 and 283, respectively, as well as the financial, statistical and other information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of our Company and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in the Equity Shares. Prospective investors should also pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including but not limited to the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For details, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 28._ 

_Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section. Unless the context requires otherwise, the financial information of our Company has been derived from our Restated Financial Information._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, the industry-related information contained in this section is derived from the Technopak Report. We commissioned such report for the purposes of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with the Offer. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the Technopak Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant year._ 

# **INTERNAL RISKS** 

# **Risks Relating to our Business** 

**1. We will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. The Selling Shareholders will receive the net proceeds from the Offer for Sale.** 

The Offer consists of a Fresh Issue and an Offer for Sale. The Selling Shareholders shall be entitled to the net proceeds from the Offer for Sale, which comprise proceeds from the Offer for Sale net of Offer expenses shared by the Selling Shareholders, and our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. 

**2. One of our Promoters, Lone Furrow Investments Private Limited, has pledged a portion of its shareholding with certain lenders under various loan and security agreements. Any exercise or enforcement of such pledge could dilute the shareholding of Lone Furrow Investments Private Limited, which may adversely affect our business and future prospects.** 

One of our Corporate Promoters, Lone Furrow had pledged 1,676,418 Series B2 CCPS held by it in favour of Zash Traders (through Vistra ITCL (India) Limited) aggregating to 7.64% of the pre-Offer equity share capital of our Company, on a fully diluted basis which have since been converted into 8,543,340 Equity Shares (“ **Pledged Shares** ”). In terms of the loan documentation with Zash Traders, Lone Furrow has created a pledge over the Pledged Shares in favour of Zash Traders. 

Further, pursuant to the Pledge Modification Letter dated August 6, 2021 read with the supplemental letter dated November 25, 2021, the pledge on the Pledged Shares shall be released on or about the Bid/ Offer Closing Date. For further details, see " _Capital Structure_ " on page 84. While the pledge will be released prior to listing, one of our Corporate Promoters, Lone Furrow, is in discussion with certain financial institutions in relation to availing a refinancing facility. Pursuant to the proposed refinancing, our Promoters may provide collateral, including inter-alia by way of pledge over their post-Offer shareholding in our Company (to the extent permitted under the SEBI ICDR Regulations and applicable law) or guarantees, as applicable, to the lender(s) to secure the refinancing arrangement. If such loan and security arrangements are breached, the pledge on our Promoters’ shares may be invoked, adversely affecting the trading price of the Equity Shares and reduce the aggregate shareholding of our Promoters in our Company. 

**3. Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to protect us against all potential losses to which we may be subject** 

29 

# **to and this may have a material adverse effect on our business.** 

Our insurance includes coverage of certain risks such as fire and other natural and accidental risks at our stores, laboratories and warehouses, and includes stock, money, vehicle and D&O insurance, which we believe is in line with our industry. As of March 31, 2019, March 31, 2020, March 31, 2021 and September 30, 2021, the amount of our insured assets was ₹ 4,474.31 million, ₹ 7,080.54 million, ₹ 8,335.74 million and ₹ 9,120.76 million, representing 86.21%, 88.93%, 86.45% and 84.12% of our total assets excluding intangible assets, land, right of use, deferred tax and bank balances. We may be exposed to liability risks, such as product liability, product recall or personal injury risks. In addition, if any or all of our warehouses or stores are damaged in whole or in part, our operations may be interrupted for a sustained period. We cannot assure you that our insurance policies will be adequate to cover the losses that we may incur as a result of such events. If we suffer a large uninsured loss or any insured loss suffered by us significantly exceeds our insurance coverage, our business, financial condition and result of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

While we believe that the insurance coverage which we maintain would be reasonably adequate to cover the normal risks associated with the operation of our business, we cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. Our insurance policies may not provide adequate coverage in certain circumstances and are subject to certain deductibles, exclusions and limits on coverage. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, and which is not covered by insurance or exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**4. Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds are based on management estimates and have not been independently appraised by any bank or financial institution or other independent agency and may be subject to change based on various factors, some of which are beyond our control** _._ 

Our funding requirements and deployment of the Net Proceeds are based on internal management estimates based on our current business plan, current market conditions and other commercial and technical factors, and have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution or other independent agency. Further, in the absence of such independent appraisal, our funding requirements may be subject to change based on various factors which are beyond our control. We may have to revise our funding requirements and deployment of proceeds from time to time on account of a variety of factors, such as our financial and market conditions, our business and prevailing strategy, industry competition, interest or exchange rate fluctuations and other external factors, which may not be within the control of our management. See “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 104. 

The entire Net Proceeds are proposed to be utilized towards (i) funding the working capital requirements of one of our Subsidiaries, Optival; and (ii) general corporate purposes, during financial years 2022, 2023 and 2024. At this stage, we cannot determine with any certainty if we would require the Net Proceeds to meet any other expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of competitive environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. In accordance with Sections 13(8) and 27 of the Companies Act, 2013, we cannot undertake any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds without obtaining the shareholders’ approval through a special resolution. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to undertake variation in the disclosed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain the shareholders’ approval in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such shareholders’ approval may adversely affect our business or operations. 

# **5. There have been instances of negative cash flows in the last three financial years.** 

We have in the past, and may in future, experience negative cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities. Set forth below is a table of selected information from our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements of cash flows for the financial years 2019, 2020 and 2021 and the six months ended September 30, 2021: 

|_(₹ millions)_|
|---|



|**Particulars**|**F**|**inancial Year**||**Six month**<br>**Septemb**|**s ended**<br>**er 30,**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2019**|**2020**|**2021**|**2020**|**2021**|
|Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities|1,466.84|(65.89)|28.91|55.81|1,565.28|
|Net cash used in investing activities|(193.35)|(275.54)|(345.49)|(112.89)|(985.48)|
|Net cash from/(used in)/from financing activities|(828.41)|898.27|(56.26)|(476.94)|(606.31)|
|**Net increase/(decrease) incash and cash equivalents**|**445.08**|**556.84 **|**(372.84)**|**(534.02)**|**(26.51)**|
|Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the<br>period/year|(913.28)|(468.20)|88.65|88.65|(284.19)|
|**Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period/year**|**(468.20)**|**88.64 **|**(284.19)**|**(445.37)**|**(310.70)**|



For the financial year 2020, our net cash used in operating activities was negative primarily due to adjustments for depreciation of property, plant and equipment, amortization on right-of-use assets, provision for gratuity and leave benefits, interest on lease liability and net loss on fair value changes, and working capital adjustments. the depreciation of property, 

30 

plant and equipment, amortization on right-of-use assets, provision for gratuity and leave benefits, interest on lease liability and net loss on fair value changes, and working capital adjustments. Our changes in working capital primarily consisted of an increase in inventories of ₹2,494.89 million. 

For the financial years 2019 and 2020 and the six months ended September 30, 2020 and 2021, our net cash flows from investing activities were negative primarily due to the purchase of fixed assets for the new stores we opened and our investment in bank deposits. For the financial year 2021, our net cash flow from investing activities was negative primarily due to the purchase of land and other fixed assets. 

For the financial years 2019 and 2021, our net cash flows from financing activities were negative primarily due to (i) the repayment of lease liabilities relating to our stores, and (ii) the payment of interest on our borrowings. For the financial year 2019 in particular, our net cash flow from financing activities was negative also due to the repayment of our long term borrowings. For the six months ended September 30, 2020 and 2021, our net cash flows from financing activities were negative primarily due to the payment of lease liabilities relating to our stores. 

For further information, see “ _Financial Statements_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on pages 209 and 283, respectively. We cannot assure you that our net cash flows will be positive in the future. Negative cash flows over extended periods, or significant negative cash flows in the short term, could materially impact our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans. As a result, our cash flows, business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. 

# **6. Our lenders have imposed certain restrictive conditions on us under our financing arrangements.** 

Optival has entered into agreements for availing certain cash credit facilities from various lenders, and our Company has issued a corporate guarantee to lenders on account of a loan of ₹ 1,850 million availed by Optival, for funding Optival’s working capital requirements. Certain covenants in these agreements require us to obtain approval/permission from our lenders in certain conditions including changes in shareholding, management, control and constitutional documents of Optival. In the event of default or the breach of certain covenants, our lender has the option to make the entire outstanding amount payable immediately. Further certain agreements also impose financial and other restrictive covenants such as maintenance of financial ratios, submission of results, etc. For instance, upon the occurrence of an event of default under the debenture agreements between Agilemed, GIPL, Gangadi Madhukar Reddy and Vistra ITCL (India) Limited, and Lone Furrow, GIPL, Gangadi Madhukar Reddy and Vistra ITCL (India) Limited, each dated January 20, 2021, the lenders, i.e. Zash Traders (through the Zash Debenture Trustee) and Morning Brook Investment Ltd (through the Morning Brook Debenture Trustee), each have the right to nominate one nominee Director on the Board of the Company. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with these financial or other covenants or that we will be able to obtain consents necessary to take the actions that we believe are required to operate and grow our business. Our level of existing debt and any new debt that we incur in the future has important consequences. Any failure to comply with these requirements or other conditions or covenants under our financing agreements that is not waived by our lenders or is not otherwise cured by us, may require us to repay the borrowing in whole or part and may include other related costs. We may be forced to sell some or all of its assets or limit our operations. This may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and impair our future growth plans. For further details, please see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 302. 

**7. Changes in prescription drug pricing and commercial terms could adversely affect our operations and financial performance.** 

For each of the financial years 2019, 2020 and 2021 and the six months ended September 30, 2021, more than 75% of our revenue from retail sales was attributed to sales of branded pharmaceutical products, the manufacturing and sale of which is tightly regulated by various laws and regulations. Any changes to such legislation could have a material adverse impact on our business, sales and profitability. 

Sales of prescription drugs, medical devices and drug prices may be affected by changes to the health care industry, including legislative or other changes that impact patient eligibility, drug product eligibility, the allowable cost of a prescription drug product, the mark-up or channel margin permitted on a given prescription drug product, the amount of professional or dispensing fees paid by third-party payers or the provision or receipt of manufacturer allowances by pharmacy and pharmacy suppliers. Moreover, the price at which we sell certain of our pharmaceutical products are determined by the Drugs (Prices Control) Order, 2013 (“ **DPCO** ”), promulgated by the Government of India and administered by the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (“ **NPPA** ”). If a given pharmaceutical product falls within the DPCO, the product’s price could be significantly lower than what its market price would be without such price restriction. Any changes to these prices stipulated by the DPCO, NPPA or other similar authorities, or the inclusion of other of our pharmaceutical products not currently within the DPCO, could adversely impact our sales and adversely impact our business, sales, margins and operations. We may incur significant costs in the course of complying with any other changes in the regulatory regime affecting prescription drugs, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation. 

**8. There are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company, Subsidiaries, Promoters and our Directors. Any adverse outcome in any of these proceedings may adversely impact our business, reputation, financial condition and** 

31 

# **results of operations.** 

Our Company, Subsidiaries, Promoters and Directors are involved in certain legal proceedings which are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts and tribunals. For further information, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 304. 

The summary of outstanding litigation set out below includes details of criminal proceedings, tax proceedings, statutory and regulatory actions and material pending civil litigation involving our Company, Subsidiaries, Promoters and Directors. 

|**Particulars**|**Number of cases**|**Amount***<br>**_(₹ in million)_**|
|---|---|---|
|**Litigation involving our Company**|||
|Criminalproceedings|Nil|Nil|
|Material civil litigation*|Nil|Nil|
|Actions bystatutoryor regulatoryauthorities|1|Notquantifiable|
|Direct and indirect tax<br>proceedings|Nil|Nil|
|Total|1|Notquantifiable|
|**Litigation involving the Promoters**|||
|Criminalproceedings|Nil|Nil|
|Material civil litigation|Nil|Nil|
|Actions bystatutoryor regulatoryauthorities|3|Notquantifiable|
|Disciplinary actions including penalty imposed by SEBI or the<br>Stock Exchanges against the Promoters in the last five financial<br>years|Nil|Nil|
|Direct and indirect taxproceedings|Nil|Nil|
|Total|3|Notquantifiable|
|**Litigation involving our Subsidiaries**|||
|Criminalproceedings|Nil|Nil|
|Material civil litigation*|1|39.53|
|Actions bystatutoryor regulatoryauthorities|14|Notquantifiable|
|Direct and indirect taxproceedings|12|314.33|
|Total|27|353.86 and Notquantifiable|
|**Litigation involving the Directors**|||
|Criminalproceedings|Nil|Nil|
|Material civil litigation|Nil|Nil|
|Actions bystatutoryor regulatoryauthorities|3|Notquantifiable|
|Direct and indirect taxproceedings|Nil|Nil|
|Total|3|Notquantifiable|



_* To the extent ascertainable._ 

_* One consumer complaint has been filed against our Company, and six consumer complaints have been filed against our Subsidiary, Optival, all of which are below the materiality threshold_ 

Involvement in such proceedings could divert our management’s time and attention and consume financial resources. Furthermore, adverse orders could be an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We cannot assure you that these legal proceedings will be decided in our favour and that no further liability will arise out of these proceedings. An adverse outcome in any of these proceedings, either individually or in the aggregate, may affect our reputation, business operations, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **9. The cumulative cost of the stores operated by us across India may not be indicative of the market capitalization of our Company after the Offer as the basis for each are independent of each other.** 

Our pharmacy retail network comprises physical stores located across Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Karnataka, Odisha, West Bengal and Maharashtra, and an online channel through our website and mobile application. As of March 31, 2021 and September 30, 2021, we operated 2,081 and 2,326 stores across various states in India, respectively. Although we derive a substantial majority of our revenue from operations from our stores, after completion of the Offer, the cumulative cost of our stores may not be indicative of market capitalization of our Company as the basis for determination for each are independent of each other. 

# **10. Our operations are subject to high working capital requirements, and have incurred substantial indebtedness. Our inability to maintain an optimal level of working capital or financing required may impact our operations adversely.** 

Our business may require significant amount of working capital, and a major portion of our working capital is utilized towards inventories. As on September 30, 2021, we have a sanctioned working capital limit of ₹ 1,850 million. Our growing scale and expansion, if any, may result in increase in the quantum of current assets. Our inability to maintain sufficient cash flow, credit facility and other sourcing of funding, in a timely manner, or at all, to meet the requirement of working 

32 

capital or pay out debts, could adversely affect our financial condition and result of our operations. See “ _Objects of the Offer — Details of the Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 104. 

Our ability to borrow and the terms of our borrowings will depend on our financial condition, the stability of our cash flows, general market conditions, economic and political conditions in the markets where we operate and our capacity to service debt. Our total outstanding indebtedness was ₹ 1,044.02 million, ₹ 1,050.51 million, ₹ 1,352.35 million and ₹ 567.48 million, respectively, in financial years 2019, 2020 and 2021 and the six months ended September 30, 2021 (excluding lease liability). See “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 302. 

Our indebtedness results in substantial amount of debt service obligations, which could lead to: 

- increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic, industry and competitive conditions; 

- limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry; 

- affecting our credit rating; 

- limiting our ability to borrow more money both now and in the future; and 

- increasing our interest expenditure and adversely affecting our profitability. 

Our activities expose us to a variety of financial risks, including credit risk, liquidity risk and in particular, market risk. If any of the credit facilities availed by us are recalled on a short notice, we may be required to arrange for funds to fulfil the necessary requirements. The occurrence of these events may have an adverse effect on our cash flow and financial conditions. 

# **11. Failure to properly manage inventories and anticipate demand may impact our financial performance.** 

Although we have a proprietary inventory management system in place to manage our inventory and distribution on a dynamic basis, as with other pharmacy retail businesses, we are subject to risks associated with consumer demand and changes in medical prescriptions. A failure to properly manage our inventory and effectively anticipate demand may result in us holding unsold inventory. We are also exposed to inventory risk in connection with our products, such as our FMCG and private label products, as a result of changes in product life cycles, changing consumer preferences, uncertainty of product developments and launches, manufacturer back orders and other vendor-related problems, as well as the volatile economic environment in India. While we aim to keep our inventory at a maximum fill rate and our net write-downs at a low, steady level, we cannot assure you that we can accurately predict these trends and events and avoid over-stocking or under-stocking of products. Furthermore, demand for products could change significantly between the time when the products are ordered and the time when they are ready for delivery. When we begin to sell a new product, it is particularly difficult to forecast product demand accurately. As our pharmaceutical distribution and pharmacy retail businesses carry an extensive range of products and maintain significant inventory levels for a substantial portion of our merchandise, we may be unable to sell such inventory in sufficient quantities or during the relevant sales seasons. As a result, we may need to return our unsold inventory to the manufacturers and if so, may also suffer losses due to damage of inventory in transit. Net write-downs of our inventories to their net realizable value totalled ₹ 108.15 million, ₹ 82.15 million, ₹ 117.02 million and ₹ 50.64 million, respectively, in Financial Years 2019, 2020 and 2021 and the six months ended September 30, 2021. As for all branded FMCG and private label products sold by us, we may be unable to return unsold inventory to the manufacturers, and may suffer significant inventory write-downs, product expirations, increases in inventory holding costs, and potential negative effects on our liquidity. While there have not been any specific instances of such risk adversely affecting our business or operations materially in the past three financial years and the six months ended September 30, 2021, we cannot assure you that such instances may not occur in the future. 

Conversely, if we underestimate customer demand or if our suppliers fail to provide products to us in a timely manner, we may experience inventory shortages, which may, in turn, result in a delay in servicing consumer orders, which could have a negative impact on our customer relationships. In addition, the specific product mix required varies by region, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain adequate inventory levels across our stores. Any such failure may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **12. Failure to meet customer expectations, needs and requirements may harm our brand and reputation, our ability to retain and grow our customer base and our operating results.** 

The success of our pharmacy retail business depends on, among other things, its ability to fulfil the requirements of our customers, deliver a superior and more convenient shopping experience, provide engaging customer service and offer a quality assortment of merchandise which our customers need and which differentiates us from other retailers. 

We seek to provide convenience to our customers through our omni-channel platform, with both online and offline channels. We maintain a wide product mix, which includes products that depend on recent inventions and developments in the pharmaceutical manufacturing industry. We market and sell these products based on recent prescription trends in the 

33 

market. However, it is difficult to consistently and successfully predict which products doctors may prescribe and the products and services our customers may require from us. We have recently introduced a wide range of private label products so as to distinguish ourselves from our competitors and offer our customers a variety of products based on their purchasing power and spending capacity. Any failure or inability to timely identify or effectively respond to changing preferences in the medical industry, spending patterns of our customers, evolving demographic mixes in markets or obtain and offer particular categories of products could adversely affect our relationships with customers and clients, as well as the demand for our products and services. This could also result in us holding an excess inventory of unsold products, which could adversely affect our operating results. Specific instances of such risk that adversely affected our Company in the past three financial years and the six months ended September 30, 2021 are not ascertainable or measurable, and the impact of such risk on the financials of our Company cannot be quantified. 

# **13. Changes in our product mix may impact our results of operation.** 

A significant portion of our gross margin on drug sales is generally represented by the mark-up charge on drugs dispensed as well as the related prescription mix. The mix and volume of drugs that we sell are determined by a number of factors, including the mix of patients, mix of pharmaceutical drugs we routinely stock, seasonal changes in pharmaceutical and FMCG products and sale of private label products. Changes in the mix of any of these categories could impact our sales and results of operations. Moreover, any modification or withdrawal of essential pharmaceutical products by manufacturers, or an increase in safety risk profiles of specific drugs or classes of drugs resulting in decreased usage, may cause physicians to reduce or stop writing prescriptions for these drugs. Negative media reports or other reputational issues regarding drugs could result in reduced consumer demand for such drugs. In cases where there are no acceptable prescription drug equivalents or alternatives for these prescription drugs, our prescription volumes, sales and profitability could decline. 

The following table sets forth our product mix and its impact on the gross margins of the Company for the six months ended September 30, 2021 and the financial years 2019, 2020 and 2021: 

||**F**|**inancial Year**||**Six months**<br>**ended**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2019**|**2020**|**2021**|**September**<br>**30, 2021**|
|Revenue from branded pharmaceutical products and branded FMCG<br>_(₹ in millions)_|20,457.25|25,917.45|26,582.81|15,547.76|
|Percentage of store revenues from branded pharmaceutical products and<br>branded FMCG_(%)_|95.52%|94.30%|89.64%|86.46%|
|Revenue from private label pharmaceutical products and private label<br>consumer goods_(₹ in millions)_|960.49|1,565.44|3,071.01|2,435.42|
|Percentage of store revenues from private label pharmaceutical products<br>and privatelabelconsumergoods _(%)_|4.48%|5.70%|10.36%|13.54%|
|Revenue from others_(₹ in millions)_|1,309.63|1,223.14|1,038.87|816.03|
|Grossmargins _(₹ in millions)*_|4,287.10|5,340.65|6,450.76|4,004.74|
|Gross margins_(%)**_|18.86%|18.60%|21.02%|21.30%|



_*Gross margins = Revenue from operations minus purchase of traded goods and cost of materials consumed and increase in inventories of finished goods and work in progress._ 

_**Gross margins (%) = Gross margin divided by Revenue from Operations_ 

The pharmaceutical industry’s pipeline of new drugs includes many drugs that may, over the long term, replace older, more expensive therapies, whether due to the replacement of brand name drugs with cheaper alternate generic substitutes, the development of other replacement therapies and new and less expensive delivery methods (such as when an infusion or injectable drug is replaced with an oral drug) or the addition of products to a therapeutic class. As new treatments and drugs are developed, price competition among products may increase and drug costs may decline. The mix of our dispensed drugs could change over time as technology advances and existing products are improved or become obsolete, and these changes may adversely affect our sales, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **14. We may be subject to information technology systems impairment and cyber-attacks in the future.** 

Our business operations are supported by an integrated information technology infrastructure, including operating an omnichannel platform which allows our customers to shop from our physical stores as well as place orders online. In addition to our physical stores, we offer ‘click and pick’ services and home delivery and all online orders can either be picked up in person from one of our stores, or be delivered directly to the consumer’s home. If our point of sale systems is disrupted or suspended, due to technological issues or otherwise, our sales will be reduced, affecting our revenues and margins. Our warehousing and logistics chain utilise automated systems and require timely maintenance including the upgradation and replacement of networks, equipment, information technology systems and software, as well as pre-emptive expenses to mitigate the risks of failures. 

Our financial, accounting or other data processing systems may sometimes fail to operate adequately or become disabled as a result of events that are beyond our control, including a disruption of electrical or communications services, particularly 

34 

in the rural areas in which we operate. As we grow our business, the inability of our systems to accommodate an increasing volume of transactions could also constrain our ability to expand and remain competitive. We may experience difficulties in upgrading, developing and expanding our systems quickly enough to accommodate our growing customer base and range of products. 

Our operations also rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our information technology systems and networks. Our information technology systems, software, including software licensed from vendors, and networks may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses or other malicious code and other events that could compromise data integrity and security and result in identity theft, for which we could potentially be liable. Any failure to effectively maintain or improve or upgrade our information technology and management information systems in a timely manner could adversely affect our competitiveness, financial position and results of operations. 

We are responsible for protecting the personal, sensitive information about our patients collected and stored by us from privacy breaches. However, a privacy breach may occur through procedural or process failure, information technology malfunction, or deliberate unauthorized intrusions. Theft of data for competitive purposes, particularly patient lists and preferences, is an ongoing risk whether perpetrated via employee collusion or negligence or through deliberate cyberattack. In addition, the loss of our customers’ data, malicious or accidental, could disrupt the data analytics we rely on in our operations. Any of such events would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Cybersecurity breaches or unauthorized access to confidential information could lead to the loss of the information, timeconsuming and expensive litigation and negative publicity. We may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate, prevent or mitigate such cyberattacks because of their rapidly-evolving nature. Although we have not experienced any material losses to date relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches, we cannot assure you that we will not incur such losses in the future. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to modify or enhance protective measures or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. While there have been no instances of breach of information technology or cyber-attack which could potentially have a material impact on our Company, its financials and operations during the last three financial years and the six months ended September 30, 2021, we cannot assure you that such instances may not occur in the future. 

# **15. We have commissioned, on June 10, 2021, and paid for an industry report from Technopak exclusively for industry-related data in this Red Herring Prospectus. Accordingly, prospective investors are advised not to place undue reliance on such information.** 

We have commissioned, on June 10, 2021, and paid Technopak to prepare a report on the industry that we operate in, and they have provided us with a report titled “Pharmacy Retail in India” dated November 19, 2021 (the “ **Technopak Report** ”), which has been used for industry-related information that has been disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus. The Technopak Report uses certain methodologies for market sizing and forecasting. While we believe such information to be true, we cannot assure you that such information is complete or reliable. Accordingly, investors should read the industry-related disclosure in this Red Herring Prospectus in this context. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. While industry sources take due care and caution while preparing their reports, they do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the data. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on the information in the Technopak Report. 

# **16. Our use and disclosure of personally identifiable information, including personal health information, is subject to privacy and security regulations.** 

There are laws protecting the confidentiality of certain patient health information, including patient records, and restricting the use and disclosure of that protected information. In particular, the privacy rules under the Information Technology Act, 2000 (the “ **IT Act** ”) protect medical records and other personal health information by limiting their use and disclosure of health information to the minimum level reasonably necessary to accomplish the intended purpose. As part of our service, we retain digital health records provided by our customers through a secure data management software developed by us. 

With the proposed enactment of the Personal Data Protection Bill, 2019 (“ **PDP Bill** ”), and the ongoing regulatory discussions along proposed Indian regulation to govern non-personal data, the privacy and data protection laws are set to be closely administered in India, and we may become subject to additional potential compliance requirements. The PDP Bill proposes a legal framework governing the processing of personal data, where such data has been collected, disclosed, shared or otherwise processed within India, as well as any processing of personal data by the Government of India, Indian companies, Indian citizens or any person or body of persons incorporated or created under Indian law. The PDP Bill defines personal data and sensitive personal data, prescribes rules for collecting, storing and processing of such data and creates rights and obligations of data-subjects and processors. The Indian Government has also been mooting a legislation governing non-personal data. In September 2019, the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology formed a committee of experts (“ **NPD Committee** ”) to recommend a regulatory regime to govern non-personal data (“ **NPD** ”). The NPD Committee has released two reports till date, which recommend, among other items, a framework to govern NPD 

35 

(defined as any data other than personal data), access and sharing of NPD with government and corporations alike and a registration regime and for “data businesses”, being business that collect, process or store data, both personal and nonpersonal. As part of our operations, we are also required to comply with the IT Act and the rules thereof, which provides for civil and criminal liability including compensation to persons affected, penalties and imprisonment for various cyber related offenses, including unauthorized disclosure of confidential information and failure to protect sensitive personal data. India has already implemented certain privacy laws, including the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011 and the recently introduced Information Technology (Intermediary Guidelines and Digital Media Ethics Code) Rules, 2021, which impose limitations and restrictions on the collection, use, disclosure and transfer of personal information and restrictions on the collection, use, disclosure and transfer of personal information. 

If we were to be found to be in violation of the privacy or security rules under the IT Act or any such other laws protecting the confidentiality of patient health information, we could be subject to sanctions or criminal penalties, or otherwise be the subject to litigation (including a class action) for breach of privacy or failing to ensure the security of confidential consumer information. In addition, new laws, regulations or policies relating to personal data privacy may be enacted in the future. We may be required to modify our business in the future in order to continue complying with such laws. If we fail to do so, we may be exposed to sanctions, penalties, litigation or losses. The occurrence of any of these could increase our liabilities, harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. While there have been no instances where information relating to confidentiality of patient health information has been compromised during the last three financial years and the six months ended September 30, 2021, we cannot assure you that such instances may not occur in the future. 

# **17. We are subject to risks associated with expansion into new markets.** 

Our expansion into emerging markets within India subjects us to various challenges, including those relating to identifying relevant retail space, hiring adequate staffing and manpower, managing our operations and penetrating our brand in such regions. Such risks may be higher than expected, and we may face significant competition in such emerging markets. 

By expanding into new markets, we could be subject to additional risks and uncertainties associated with: 

- establishing and conducting operations; 

- compliance with a wide range of local laws, regulations and practices: 

- changes in laws, regulations and practices and their interpretation; 

- changes in local preferences and service requirements; 

- stringent as well as differing local labour and other regulations; 

- differing state customs, tariffs and taxes; 

- exposure to expropriation or other state government actions; 

- the growth in size or scope of our business, expansion of our footprint in existing regions in which we operate and entry into new markets; and 

- political, economic and social instability. 

If any of these risks materialise, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, results of operations and prospects. In the past, we have previously commenced operations in Kerala but ceased operations shortly thereafter in the financial year 2010 as a result of the unfavourable prevailing regulatory climate, such as a prohibition on operating a chain of pharmaceutical stores, such as ours, in Kerala. We cannot assure you that any future expansions by us into new markets will be successful, or that we will be able to expand at the same rates as we have, historically. 

# **18. We may face product liability, product recall or personal injury issues which could damage our reputation and have a significant adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows and/or financial condition.** 

Pharmacy retail businesses could be adversely impacted by the supply of defective or expired products, including the infiltration of counterfeit products into the supply chain, product tampering, product recalls or product mishandling issues. In addition to prescriptions issued by medical practitioners, pharmacists may also be requested by customers to offer counselling on medication, dosage, delivery systems, common side effects and other such information. Pharmacists may also have a duty to warn customers regarding any potential negative effects of a prescription drug if the warning could reduce or negate these effects. However, if the concerned pharmacist fails to provide such counselling requested by customers or warnings of how such drugs may cause adverse side effects to the customer, it may render us liable to incur 

36 

costs related to liability claims. Product liability or personal injury claims may be asserted with respect to any of the drugs or other products or services we sell or provide. For instance, in the past, consumers have filed complaints against Optival, in relation to, _inter alia_ , claims of alleged extra charges, deficiency of services and sale of expired products. While the complaints filed against Optival by the consumers during the last three financial years were amicably resolved between the Company and the consumers without any fines or penalties, and the damages claimed in these matters have typically not been of a material nature, the occurrence of such events or incidents, as well as the failure to maintain quality standards at store level, could result in harm to customers negative publicity or could adversely affect brands, reputation, operations or financial performance and could lead to other unforeseen liabilities from legal claims or otherwise. See “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 304. 

We may not be able to avoid significant liability exposure even if we take appropriate precautions, including maintaining liability coverage (subject to deductibles and maximum pay-outs). Any liability that we may have as a result could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, to the extent insurance coverage for such liability is not available. Any liability claims in the future, regardless of their ultimate outcome, could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, our ability to attract and retain customers and may detrimentally divert management’s attention away from the business. 

# **19. We could be harmed by employee misconduct or errors that are difficult to detect and any such incidences could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and reputation.** 

Certain employee misconduct or material human errors, such as mistakenly dispensing expired or incorrect drugs or accidentally dispensing drugs without verifying prescriptions, could occur, which may expose us to business risks or losses, including regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. There can be no assurance that we will be able to detect or deter such misconduct. Moreover, the precautions we take to prevent and detect such activity may not be effective in all cases. Our employees and agents may also commit errors that could subject us to claims and proceedings for alleged negligence, as well as regulatory actions on account of which our business, financial condition, results of operations and goodwill could be adversely affected. While there have been no instances where our business has been materially harmed by employee misconduct or errors during the past three financial years and the six months ended September 30, 2021, we cannot assure you that such instances may not occur in the future. 

# **20. Information relating to our installed capacities and the historical capacity utilisation of our production plants included in this Red Herring Prospectus is based on various assumptions and estimates by the chartered engineer verifying such information and future production and capacity utilisation may vary.** 

Information relating to our installed capacities and the historical capacity utilisation of our production plants included in this Red Herring Prospectus is based on various assumptions and estimates, including proposed operations, assumptions relating to availability and quality of raw materials and assumptions relating to potential utilization levels and operational efficiencies. 

The table below sets forth certain assumptions and estimates that were used in calculating the installed capacities or historical capacity utilisation of our production plants: 

|**Location**|**Item**|**Assumption or Estimate**|
|---|---|---|
|Jditl|Units of manufacturing|No. of working hours were taken as 24 hours in a day|
|eemea|per second|No. of working days were taken as 300 days in a year|
|||No. of working hours were taken as 8 hours in a day|
|Moosapet|Units manufactured per<br>man hour|Max employees per shift with the given machinery was taken as 30<br>employees|
|||No. of working days were taken as 312 days in a year|
|Phmlrm|Units manufactured per|No. of working hours were taken as 8 hours in a day|
|asayaa|man hour|No. of working days were taken as 300 days in a year|



While we have obtained a certificate dated November 26, 2021, Servel Krishna Engineers Private Limited, chartered engineers in relation to such capacities and actual production levels, future capacity utilisation rates may vary significantly from the estimated production capacities of our production facilities and historical capacity utilisation rates. In addition, capacity utilisation is calculated differently in different countries, industries and for the kinds of products we manufacture. Actual utilisation rates may differ significantly from the estimated installed capacities or historical estimated capacity utilization information of our facilities. Undue reliance should therefore not be placed on our installed capacity or historical estimated capacity utilisation information for our existing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “ _Our Business_ ” on page 158. 

**21. We rely on third-party manufacturers for the supply of our products, and a failure by manufacturers to meet high product quality standards may adversely affect our business.** 

Almost all our inventories sourced by us are manufactured by third-party manufacturers, including our private label products which are manufactured for us by third-party manufacturers on a contract-manufacturing basis. As a result, we 

37 

are dependent on third-party manufacturers for the timely supply of all our inventories, including general pharmaceutical and FMCG products. From time to time, and especially during periods of intense demand or supply chain disruptions, our suppliers may find it necessary to allocate a supply of particular products amongst retailers such as us. Such allocations of supply have not in the past proven to be a significant impediment in the conduct of our business. However, any decline in the quality of products manufactured or a delay in delivery of products, or a rise in job work charges may adversely affect our operations. Any withdrawal of services from such manufacturers may adversely affect our result of operations and future prospects. Although we have put in place strict quality control measures for all private label products manufactured for us on a contract basis, we cannot assure that our private label products will always be able to satisfy our customers’ quality standards. Any failure by the manufacturers to maintain high quality standards may affect adversely our business and any resulting negative publicity regarding our business or our private label products, including those arising from any deterioration in quality of our products supplied to us by vendors, or any other unforeseen events could adversely affect our reputation, our operations and our results from operations. While there has been no instances where our business have been materially affected due to such a risk during the last three financial years and the six months ended September 30, 2021, we cannot assure you that such instances may not occur in the future. 

**22. We may face disruptions in our product supply chain which could adversely impact our reputation and have a significant adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows and/or financial condition.** 

Our products are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international vendors, and any future disruption in supply chain or inability to find qualified vendors and access products that meet requisite quality and safety standards in a timely and efficient manner could adversely impact the needs of our customers. We do not have exclusivity arrangements or longterm contracts with our current vendors. An ineffective selection of service providers (including transport carriers or logistics service providers and operators of distribution facilities), contractual terms or relationship management could impact our ability to source products, to have products available for customers, or to operate efficiently and effectively. We utilise the services of multiple logistics providers. However, a disruption of service from any one logistics provider or the loss or disruption of supply arrangements for any reason, including for issues such as the COVID-19 pandemic or other health epidemics or pandemics, labour disputes, inability to procure inventory, quality control issues, ethical sourcing issues, a supplier’s financial distress, natural disasters, civil unrest or acts of war or terrorism, trade sanctions or other external factors, could interrupt product supply. A disruption in business operations could also occur as a result of a contamination of products at our warehouses or during transportation, a failure to maintain necessary shipment and storage conditions, errors in processing within our omni-channel platform, labour disruptions or other unanticipated disruptions, among other factors. While there have been no instances of disruptions to our product supply chain during the past three financial years and the six months ended September 30, 2021 which has materially affected our business, we cannot assure you that such instances may not occur in the future. For more information, see _“– Internal Risk Factors – The extent to which COVID-19 may affect our business and operations in the future is uncertain and cannot be predicted”_ on page 42. 

**23. We conduct our business in a highly-regulated industry and environment. Our business is dependent on approvals from relevant regulatory and health authorities. Any delay or failure to obtain or renew such required regulatory approvals, registrations or any change in the regulatory environment in relation to marketing our products in regulated markets may significantly impact our business and strategy affecting our overall profitability, and may impose significant compliance burdens on us.** 

We operate in a highly-regulated industry, and are required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory permits and approvals under central, state and local government rules in India, generally for carrying out our business, and are subject to various governmental regulations and licensing requirements in India. For instance, these include licenses to sell, stock, exhibit or offer for sale drugs under the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940, trade and labour licences and shop and establishment permits that we require to operate our stores, central licenses under the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006, licenses under the Bio-medical Waste Management Rules, 2016 and environmental licenses. In addition, we will need to apply for renewal of certain approvals, licenses, registrations and permits, which expire or seek new approvals, licenses, registrations and permits from time to time, as and when required in the ordinary course of our business. For details, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on 312. For instance, we have made applications for renewal of licenses and registrations under the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940, and the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006, and for shops and establishments registrations and trade licenses for certain stores. Further, certain of our approvals may have expired in the ordinary course of business and in respect of which we have not made renewal applications, such as registrations to undertake retail food business under the FSSA in respect of certain stores, and registration under state shops and establishments act in respect of certain stores. We have not applied for certain licenses and registrations which are required to be obtained, such as, registration to undertake retail food business under FSSA in respect of certain stores, and have not applied for registrations under the state shops and establishments act or municipal corporation acts for shops and establishments registration and trade licenses, respectively, in respect of certain stores. If we fail to obtain, renew or maintain the required permits, licences or approvals, including those set out above, we could be subjected to penalties by the relevant regulatory authorities, which may result in the interruption of our operations or delay or prevent our expansion plans and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For instance, in the past, criminal and regulatory proceedings have been initiated by drug control departments of various states against Optival, one of our Subsidiaries for alleged violation of certain provisions of the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940 and the relevant DCA and the Drug Rules. For details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 304. 

38 

Further, non-compliance with any existing or proposed laws or regulations such as The Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940, The Drugs and Cosmetics Rules, 1945, Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006 read with the relevant rules, Bio-Medical Waste Management Rules, 2016, Medical Devices Rules, 2017, Legal Metrology Act, 2009 read with the relevant rules, Factories Act, 1948 read with the relevant rules, Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 read with the relevant rules, Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981 read with the relevant rules, the shops and establishment statutes for various states, particularly those that provide for the licensing, conduct, regulation, ownership, advertising and operation of pharmacies, the advertising of pharmacies and prescription services, the provision of information concerning prescription drugs, the distribution, pricing and sale of prescription drugs and privacy matters could result in civil or regulatory proceedings, fines, penalties, injunctions, recalls or seizures any of which may impact our results of operations or financial position. 

In addition, any changes to laws, regulations and policies of the central and state governmental authorities affecting our activities, or the interpretation of such laws or regulations, including delisting of services or changes to licensing requirements relating to healthcare services, or their interpretation or application, could have a material adverse effect on our business performance, financial condition, results of operations and prospects and we could incur significant costs in the course of complying with any changes in the regulatory regime. 

Further, pursuant to conversion into a public limited company, the name of our Company has been changed from “MedPlus Health Services Private Limited” to “MedPlus Health Services Limited”, subsequent to which we are in the process of changing the name in some our registrations and statutory approvals which are in our previous name. Any delay or failure to do so could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

# **24. Most of our store premises and some of our vehicles are leased by us, and any termination, non-renewal or failure to enforce, register or adequately stamp our lease agreements in connection with these premises could adversely affect our operations.** 

Most of our stores are held by us on a leasehold basis. The term of such lease arrangements ranges from one to 15 years. Upon the expiry or termination of such leases, we will be required to vacate the premises, unless the leases are renewed. Some of our stores have been operating after the expiry of their leases and that the necessary procedures for renewal have not been undertaken as of yet, and are thus exposed to the risk of eviction and losses on short notice. All of our hospital stores operate under revenue sharing agreements entered into with hospitals and are not held on a leasehold basis. The term of such agreements ranges from one to ten years. If our lease agreements or revenue sharing agreements expire and are not renewed by us within the time stipulated under any such agreement, we will be required to vacate such store premises, and may be required to identify alternative premises at less favourable terms and conditions. In particular, an inability to secure and renew leases for retail stores in prime locations at competitive terms could result in a loss of business, time overruns and may adversely affect our operations and profitability. While there have been no instances during the last three financial years and the six months ended September 30, 2021 where we have been unable to secure and renew leases for retail stores in prime locations at competitive terms, we cannot assure you that such instances may not occur in the future. Further, the lease deeds for our properties may not be registered, stamped or adequately stamped and consequently, may not be accepted as evidence in a court of law and we may be required to pay penalties for non-registration and non-payment of or inadequate stamp duty. While there have been no instances where our business has been materially affected during the last three financial years and the six months ended September 30, 2021 due to any of our lease deeds not being registered, stamped or adequately stamped, we cannot assure you that such instances may not occur in the future. 

We also hire some of our supply vehicles based on contract-hire agreements. There can be no assurance that we will continue to enter into such contract-hire agreements on commercially acceptable terms favourable to us. 

**25. We have applied for registration of certain trademarks in our name. Until such registrations are granted, we may not be able to prevent unauthorized use of such trademarks by third parties, which may lead to the dilution of our goodwill.** 

We have obtained registrations for the trademark ‘MedPlus’, which is the trademark for our primary business operations, under classes 41 and 42. Our Company and our Subsidiaries have filed applications seeking registration for additional trademarks under various classes with the Controller General of Patents, Design and Trademarks, Government of India, of which 18 trademarks have been applied for in the name of our Company. Some of these applications are currently pending approval. We cannot assure you that our applications will be accepted and will be registered. During the pendency of our application for registration of these trademarks, we may face difficulties in protecting our private labels in the event of a possible infringement of the same. Our trademark applications for the trademarks ‘MedPlus’ (under three classes) and ‘Medplus Mart’ have been opposed, our application for the ‘MedPlus’ trademark (under another class) has been objected, and our applications for the trademarks ‘GLUCIPRO’ and ‘LEVICARE’ are ready for show cause hearing. The products in respect of which trademark applications have been made do not significantly contribute to our revenue. However, in the event that we are not able to obtain registrations, or successfully defend the oppositions or objections to our trademark applications, we may not be able to avail the legal protection or prevent unauthorized use of such trademarks by third parties, which may adversely affect our goodwill and business. Further, in case we are required to engage in multiple legal actions in respect of our trademarks, it may require us and our management to expend additional time and resources, for instance, in the past three financial years and the six months ended September 30, 2021, we incurred approximately 

39 

₹ 0.25 million of litigation expenses relating to trademarks. Such legal action may have an impact on our profitability. 

**26. If we are unable to effectively implement our business and growth strategy and efficiently operate, optimize or expand our storage and distribution network or pharmacy retail network, we may be unable to meet customer demand, and our results of operations, financial condition and prospects may be materially and adversely affected** **_._** 

The success of our business will depend on our ability to effectively implement our business and growth strategy. In the past we have generally been successful in execution of our business strategy but there can be no assurance that we will be able to execute our strategy on time and within the estimated budget in the future. If we are unable to implement our business and growth strategy, this may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. While there have been no instances during the past three financial years and the six months ended September 30, 2021 where our business has been materially affected by a failure to expand our current businesses or our ability compete in new markets, we cannot assure you that this will continue in the future. 

Our pharmacy retail network presently comprises physical stores located across Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Karnataka, Odisha, West Bengal and Maharashtra, and an online channel through our website and mobile application _(Source: Technopak Report)_ . The success of our business will depend greatly on our ability to identify strategic locations for opening new stores and expanding our operations. Our stores are geographically concentrated. As of March 31, 2019, March 31, 2020, March 31, 2021 and September 30, 2021, an aggregate of 1,370, 1,449, 1,659 and 1,792 stores were located in the states of Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, and Telangana and Andhra Pradesh, representing 82.88%, 81.63%, 79.72% and 77.04% of our total stores, respectively. During the financial years 2019, 2020, 2021 and September 30, 2021, the aggregate revenue of our stores in the top four states by revenue was ₹ 17,563.52 million, ₹ 22,586.11 million, ₹ 23,926.62 million and ₹ 13,880.36 million, representing 77.28%, 78.68%, 77.96% and 73.83% of our revenue from operations, respectively. A failure to expand our current businesses or compete in new markets may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. From the financial years 2013 to 2021, our pharmacy retail business derived its external sales from key markets in various metropolitan cities such as Hyderabad, Bangalore, Chennai, and Kolkata and their surrounding districts. We intend to expand our footprint to additional regions in India. However, we cannot assure you that we will be successful in expanding our pharmacy retail businesses as intended. Any delay in identifying, or failure to identify, suitable locations expansion or extend geographical reach may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

As part of our growth strategy, we also aim to, among other things, expand our online channel, or operate, optimize or expand our distribution and retail networks. Our ability to meet consumer demand may be significantly constrained if we are unable to efficiently expand our online channel, or operate, optimize or expand our distribution and retail networks. That said, in the future, we may open more stores than is sustainable at the time, and may be exposed to the risk of incurring losses, reduced cash flows and lower margins. Further, we may expand into new verticals or services which we may not be sufficiently familiar or experienced in, which may hamper the success of such expansion. Any such disruption may result in increased costs or time associated with our stores and may cause a delay in our ability to service our customers. 

From time to time, we may seek additional equity or debt financing to fund our growth, enhance our stores, respond to competitive pressures or make acquisitions or other investments. Our business plans may change, general economic, financial or political conditions in the operating markets may deteriorate or other circumstances may arise, in each case that have a material adverse effect on our cash flows and the anticipated cash needs of our business. Any of these events or circumstances could result in significant additional funding needs, requiring us to raise additional capital. We cannot predict the timing or amount of any such capital requirements at this time. If financing is not available on satisfactory terms, or at all, we may be unable to expand our business at the rate desired and our results of operations may suffer. Financing through issuances of equity securities would be dilutive to holders of the Equity Shares. 

The success of our planned expansion will depend on many factors, including our ability to optimize our pharmacy retail businesses, form relationships with, and manage an increasing number of, customers nationwide. We also need to be able to anticipate and respond effectively to competition posed by other retail pharmacies in new markets. If we fail to expand our pharmacy retail businesses as planned or if we are unable to compete effectively with other distributors and retail pharmacies in new markets, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

# **27. Our business may be adversely affected by adverse news, scandals or other incidents associated with the Indian pharmaceutical industry.** 

Incidents that reflect doubt as to the quality or safety of pharmaceutical products sold by other participants in the Indian pharmaceutical industry, including by our competitors, have been, and may continue to be, subject to widespread media attention. For example, in the past, there have been negative publicity relating to proposed and bans on online pharmacies in certain markets. Industry bodies have also lobbied against and issued warnings to online pharmacies, and have complained to drugs controllers and other authorities. For instance, in the past, certain chemists’ and druggists’ associations have written complaint letters to the drugs controllers of certain states about our operations. Such incidents may damage the reputation of not only the parties involved, but also the pharmaceutical industry in general, even if such parties or incidents have no relation to us, our management, our employees, our suppliers, our distributors or our retail pharmacies. 

40 

Any such negative publicity may indirectly and adversely affect our reputation and business operations. In addition, incidents not related to product quality or safety, or other negative publicity or scandals implicating us or our employees, regardless of merit, may also have an adverse impact on us and our reputation and corporate image. 

In recent years, there has been a marked increase in the use of social media platforms in India, including blogs, social media websites and applications, and other forms of internet-based communications which allow individuals access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons. Many social media platforms immediately publish the content that their subscribers and participants post, often without filters or checks on accuracy of the content posted. The dissemination of inaccurate information online could harm our business, reputation, prospects, financial condition and operating results, regardless of the information’s accuracy. The damage may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. Other risks associated with the use of social media include negative comments about us, fraud, hoaxes or malicious exposure of false information. Such inappropriate, unverifiable or false information regarding us or our platform may be published online or on social media by third parties could increase our costs, lead to litigation or result in negative publicity that could damage our reputation and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. While there have been no instances during the past three financial years and the six months ended September 30, 2021 where we have been materially affected by adverse news, scandals or other incidents associated with the Indian pharmaceutical industry, we cannot assure you that such instances may not occur in the future. 

# **28. We rely on the utilization of prescription drugs, and their brand name or generic drugs may affect our sales and margins, adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations.** 

The profitability of our pharmacy retail business depends, for a large part, on the utilisation of prescription drugs. Utilisation trends are affected by, among other factors, the introduction of new and successful prescription drugs as well as lowerpriced generic alternatives to existing brand name drugs generally due to higher gross margins on the sale of generic alternatives. Inflation in the price of drugs also can adversely affect utilisation. As more retailers start selling individual private label products, new brand name drugs can result in increased drug utilisation and associated sales, while the introduction of lower priced generic alternatives typically results in relatively lower sales, but relatively higher gross profit margins. Our profit margin can also be significantly impacted if medical practitioners prescribe pharmaceutical drugs of an aggregate quantity that we may not adequately stock. Moreover, there may be changes in regulatory policy that could affect the prescriptions by medical practitioners, such as a mandatory prescription notification by the Government of India which is yet to be implemented. 

Accordingly, a decrease in the number or magnitude of significant new brand name drugs or generics successfully introduced, delays in their introduction, or a decrease in the utilisation of previously introduced prescription drugs, could have an impact on results of operations. While there have been no past instances where such risk materially affected our results of operations for the past three financial years and the six months ended September 30, 2021, we cannot assure you that such instances may not occur in the future. In addition, gross profit margins could be adversely affected if there is an increase in the amounts we pay to procure pharmaceutical drugs, including generic drugs, or if new brand name drugs replace existing generic drugs. 

# **29. A change in population demographics could have an adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition and results of operations.** 

The global aging population is a major driver of demand for pharmacy retail services. An older population is making up an increasingly larger proportion of the overall Indian population as a result of falling fertility and increasing life expectancy rates. As of the financial year 2011, around 14% of India’s population was aged 54 or above. (Source: _Technopak Report_ ) According to Technopak Report, India’s increasing population, as well as the ageing of its population, may increase the patient pool and lead to growth opportunities. These trends, along with the COVID-19 pandemic, have generally resulted in an increased demand for pharmaceutical and other drugs, particularly among the elderly population. For instance, the contribution of chronic therapy to the pharmaceutical may increase, with lifestyle diseases showing higher prevalence as the age profile of the population increases. (Source: _Technopak Report_ ) A change in any of these trends, including shorter life spans, reduced incidence of illness or reduced demand for pharmaceutical drugs, could significantly impact demand for our products and services and could adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **30. The extent to which COVID-19 may affect our business and operations in the future is uncertain and cannot be predicted.** 

In late calendar year 2019, COVID-19, commonly known as “novel coronavirus” was first reported in Wuhan, China. Since then, the virus has progressively spread globally. During the first half of calendar year 2020, COVID-19 spread to a majority of countries across the world, including India. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, significant repercussions across local, national and global economies and financial markets. In particular, a number of governments and organizations have revised GDP growth forecasts downward in response to the economic slowdown caused by the spread of COVID-19. 

The global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has been rapidly evolving and public health officials and governmental 

41 

authorities have responded by taking measures, including in India, where our operations are based, such as prohibiting people from assembling in large numbers, instituting quarantines, restricting travel, issuing “stay-at-home” orders and restricting the types of businesses that may continue to operate, among many others. On March 14, 2020, India declared COVID-19 as a “notified disaster” for the purposes of the Disaster Management Act, 2005 and imposed a nationwide lockdown beginning on March 25, 2020. The lockdown lasted until May 31, 2020, and has been extended periodically by varying degrees by state governments and local administrations. The lifting of the lockdown across various regions has been regulated with limited and progressive relaxations being granted for the movement of goods and people, and calibrated re-opening of businesses and offices, in certain places. Recently, throughout March to June 2021, due to the second wave of COVID-19, several state governments in India re-imposed lockdowns, curfews and other restrictions to curb the spread of the virus. There was no significant impact to our operations as a result of the second wave of COVID-19, and only two of our campus stores (at the Microsoft and WIPRO campuses in Hyderabad) had to be closed down in April 2021. However, the detection of new strains and subsequent waves of COVID-19 infections in several states in India as well as throughout various parts of the world may result in further reinstatements of lockdown protocols or other restrictions, which may adversely affect our business operations. The COVID-19 pandemic has affected and may continue to affect our business, financial condition and results of operations in a number of ways, including, among others, the following: 

- causing disruptions to our logistics operations and supply chains, such as our ability to procure inventory, disrupting the efficient operation of our warehouses, affecting our ability to make deliveries and fulfil orders in a timely manner; 

- our ability to access debt and equity capital on acceptable terms, or at all, may be impaired. A further disruption and instability in the global financial markets or deterioration in credit and financing conditions or downgrade of our or India’s credit rating may affect our access to capital and other sources of funding necessary to fund our operations or address maturing liabilities on a timely basis; 

- uncertainty as to what conditions must be satisfied before government authorities fully remove the “stay-at-home” orders and when such orders would be fully removed; 

- the potential negative impact on the health of our personnel, particularly if a significant number of them are afflicted by COVID-19, which could result in a deterioration in our ability to ensure business continuity during and/or after this disruption; and 

- we may face increased risks emanating from an increase in number of individuals working from home such as issues relating to cyber-security threats and potential breaches, including phishing attacks, productivity, connectivity and oversight challenges. 

The table below sets forth the Company’s monthly net revenues before and during the lockdowns associated with the “first wave” of COVID 19, for the months indicated below: 

|||**M**<br>|**onthly Reve**<br>|**nues**<br>||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**January**<br>**2020**|**February**<br>**2020**|**March**<br>**2020**|**April**<br>**2020**|**May**<br>**2020**|
|Net revenue_(₹ in millions)_|2,544.10|2,449.94|3,173.07|2,184.09|2,172.95|
|Increase/(decrease) in sales compared to the previous<br>month_(₹ in millions)_|-|(94.15)|723.12|(988.98)|(11.14)|



_Notes:_ 

_1. The panic purchases of products that occurred in March 2020 amounted to around ₹ 600 million, and contributed to the increase of sales in the month of March 2020._ 

_2. The normalised sales decrease was approximately ₹ 300 million in the month of April 2020._ 

During the “second wave” of the COVID 19 pandemic in India from March 2021 to June 2021, there were no significant changes in our monthly stores revenues. 

Although we believe that at this time, the outbreak of COVID-19 will not have any significant adverse impact on our results from operations since we provide essential services, the ultimate extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning the severity of the COVID-19 pandemic and actions taken to contain or prevent its further spread, among others. Further, as COVID-19 adversely affects our business and results of operations, it may also have the effect of exacerbating many of the other risks described in this “ _Risk Factors_ ” section. 

# **31. If we are unable to hire, retain and motivate qualified personnel, our business will suffer.** 

Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled and qualified personnel. As of September 30, 2021, we employed more than 15,000 employees. Failure to attract and retain necessary professionals, including pharmacists, sales and marketing personnel and skilled management could adversely affect our business. We believe that there is significant competition within our industry for qualified professionals with the necessary skills, and 

42 

increasing competition for technology professionals may impact our ability to attract or retain personnel. For the financial years 2019, 2020 and 2021 and the six months ended September 30, 2021, our attrition rate was 27.7%, 30.6%, 29.6% and 16.1%, respectively. If we are unable to offer our personnel higher compensation, we may be unable to retain them. Some of our competitors have greater resources than we have and may be able to offer more attractive terms of employment. In addition, we invest significant time and resources in training our employees, which increases their value to competitors who may seek to recruit them. For the financial years 2019, 2020 and 2021 and the six months ended September 30, 2021, our employee benefits expense was ₹ 2,113.73 million, ₹ 2,724.02 million, ₹ 3,386.51 million and ₹ 1,798.14 million, respectively. If they leave our employment to join our competitors, there is a risk that they may solicit our existing employees on behalf of our competitors or disclose confidential information relating to us to our competitors. If we fail to attract, train and retain sufficient numbers of these highly qualified people, our prospects, business, financial condition and results of operations will be materially and adversely affected. 

# **32. We have entered into certain related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future.** 

As of September 30, 2021, we have entered into certain related party transactions with Gangadi Investments Private Limited, a private limited company owned by our founder, Gangadi Madhukar Reddy, our Corporate Promoters, Agilemed, Lone Furrow Investments, its key management personnel, Cherukupalli Bhaskar Reddy, Hemanth Kundavaram, Parag Jain and our Group Company, Hinshitsu, over which our shareholders or key managerial personnel exercise control or have significant influence. In addition, Hinshitsu has engaged and may continue to engage in transactions with Optival, our Company or its other subsidiaries. While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, there can be no assurance that it could not have been achieved on more favourable terms had such transactions not been entered into with related parties. There can be no assurance that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation. 

**33. Our Company has previously delayed in complying with certain provisions of FEMA. Consequently, we may be subject to regulatory actions and penalties for any past or future non-compliance. Further, there have been instances of non-compliances in the past in relation to stock exchange filings and intimations by our Corporate Promoter, Agilemed, in respect of its listed debt securities.** 

Our Company has previously delayed in complying with certain requirements under FEMA. On March 31, 2020, Gangadi Investments Private Limited (“ **GIPL** ”) transferred 1,199 equity shares of face value ₹ 10 each of the Company held in dematerialised form to Shore Pharma LLC, a non-resident entity (“ **GIPL Transfer** ”), for which GIPL filed a form FCTRS. GIPL received an email from the RBI dated June 2, 2020 approving the said transfer and advising the Company to pay a late submission fee of ₹ 34,515 for contravention under Regulation 4 (3) of the RBI notification no. FEMA 395/2019RB dated October 17, 2019, and to apply for compounding of the contravention. The Company had filed an application for compounding on July 5, 2021. The Compounding Application was returned by RBI on August 26, 2021 due to (a) noninclusion of the following contraventions: (i) delay in reporting inward remittance, (ii) delay in filing of Form A of FCGPR and Form B of FC-GPR for FYs 2006-07 to 2009- 10, (iii) for taking on record transfer of shares by investee company without prior approval, (iv) delay in filing of FLA returns for FYs 2010- 11 to 2016-17, (v) delay in filing of FLA returns for FY 2017-18 & 2018-19, and (vi) delay in filing of FLA returns for FY 2019-20 and FY 2020-21; (b) the following errors and omissions: (i) incorrect date of date of receipt for remittance of Rs. 31,90,439, (ii) non incorporation of the details of taking on record transfer of shares in a separate table as per the provided format therein, and, (iii) non-inclusion of the details of filing FLA returns for the FYs 2012-13 to 2020- 21 in a separate table, as per the provided format; (c) copy of PAN card not furnished; (d) dated undertaking as per the prescribed format not furnished; and (e) a copy of certificate of incorporation not submitted. The Company is in the process of re-filing the application for compounding with RBI. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 304. 

Further, the Company has in the past been subjected to payment of late submission fee in respect of filing of the Form FCGPR in terms of FEMA and the relevant RBI guidelines. For example, the Company was required to pay a late submission fee of ₹ 0.06 million in respect of the Form FC-GPR filed for the investment by Shore Pharma LLC and Lavender Rose in the past. We have paid the respective late submission fees to the RBI as required. However, we cannot assure you that such contraventions will not occur in the future, that the RBI or any other regulatory authority will condone these irregularities, that the penalty imposed will be reasonable. 

In addition to the above, in the past, there have been instances when our Corporate Promoter, Agilemed, (i) did not make prior intimation for board meeting to stock exchanges as required under Regulation 50(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, (ii) published its financial results with a delay of two calendar days from the timeline prescribed under Regulation 52(8) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and (iii) made intimations to the debenture trustee under Regulations 52(1) and 60 under SEBI Listing Regulations, with a delay of ten calendar days. Further, it currently does not have an active website as required under Regulation 62 of the SEBI Listing Regulations. While no action has been taken by the stock exchanges in respect of these non-compliances, we cannot assure you that such contraventions will not result in the imposition of a penalty on our Corporate Promoter, Agilemed, in the future, or whether the penalty imposed will be reasonable. 

**34. Applicable foreign exchange regulations and our charter documents may restrict the ability of foreign investors to purchase the Equity Shares, which may adversely affect our ability to raise capital in a timely manner, or at all.** 

43 

Foreign investments into Indian companies are regulated by the Government of India and the Reserve Bank of India (“ **RBI** ”). For example, under its consolidated foreign direct investment policy (effective from October 15, 2020) (“ **FDI Policy** ”), Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations thereunder, each as amended (“ **FEMA** ”), the Government of India has specific prescribed requirements and conditionalities with respect to the level of foreign investment permitted in certain business sectors both without prior regulatory approval (the “ **Automatic Route** ”) and with prior regulatory approval (the “ **Approval Route** ”). 

Our Company is in the healthcare services business and several of our Subsidiaries are in the manufacturing, cash and carry wholesale trading and wholesale trading businesses, where 100% foreign direct investment is permitted under the Automatic Route. However, some of our Subsidiaries are engaged in business sectors which fall under the Approval Route, or where foreign investment is subject to sectoral conditionalities, including retailing of pharmacy and wellness products, and e-commerce. 

Presently, our Company is owned (with shareholding of non-residents being less than 50%) and controlled by resident Indian citizens, and accordingly any foreign investment in our Company is not considered to be an ‘indirect’ or ‘downstream’ foreign investment in our Subsidiaries. Accordingly, the total foreign investment in our Company cannot exceed 49.9% of our Company’s share capital, and foreign investors cannot be deemed to own and control our Company. This may restrict our ability to raise capital in the future or in the ability of foreign investors to purchase Equity Shares. Further, pursuant to our Articles of Association, our Company is required to remain an Indian owned and controlled company so long as certain investors remain shareholders in our Company. 

The Government of India has made and may continue to make revisions to FEMA and the FDI Policy. In the event of any adverse amendments to the FDI Policy or FEMA in the future, our ability to develop our business, take advantage of acquisition or other growth opportunities or raise capital through foreign investment in a timely manner or at all may affect our business, financial conditions and results of operations. 

**35. We are dependent on the continued services and performance of our senior management and other key employees, the loss of any of whom could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.** 

Our future performance depends on the continued services and contributions of our senior management, and other key employees to execute on our business plan and to identify and pursue new opportunities and product innovations. The failure to properly manage succession plans and/or the loss of services of senior management or other key employees could significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our strategic objectives. The loss of the services of one or more of our senior management or other key employees for any reason could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results and require significant amounts of time, training and resources to find suitable replacements and integrate them within our business, and could affect our corporate culture. 

# **36. We are in an industry that is highly competitive, and any inability to compete successfully against current and future competitors may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation.** 

Pharmacy retail businesses typically compete with other drugstore chains, online retailers, independent pharmacies, pharmacies attached to hospitals and medical groups. We have competitors with longer operating histories, larger customer bases, greater brand recognition, greater experience and more extensive commercial relationships in certain states, and greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do. Our primary key competitors are Apollo Pharmacy, Wellness Forever, Pharm Easy, Tata 1mg and NetMeds. See “ _Industry Overview - Comparison of Certain Metrics of Players in the Pharmaceutical Retail Industry_ ” on page 140. 

The table below sets forth certain metrics of us and our peers in the pharmaceutical retail industry as of the period/years indicated: 

||**Revenue from**<br>**Operations**|**Operating**<br>**EBITDA**||**Stores Operated**||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**CAGR between F**<br>**2019 to**|**inancial Years**<br>**2021**|**Financial Year**<br>**2019**|**Financial Year**<br>**2020**|**Financial Year**<br>**2021**|
|Apollo Pharmacy|20.20%|33.30%|3,428|3,766|4,118|
|MedPlus|16.20%|63.20%|1,653|1,775|2,081|
|Wellness Forever|16.80%|19.7%*|139|172|223|
|API Holdings|N/A|N/A|N/A|N/A|N/A|
|Tata 1mg|23.70%|N/A|N/A|N/A|N/A|
|Netmeds|N/A|N/A|N/A|N/A|N/A|



_Source: Primary Research, Secondary Research, Company filings, Technopak Analysis_ 

_Note: API Holdings operates Pharmeasy and Medlife among other businesses, Consolidated financials for API Holdings includes their retail, diagnostics, and distribution business so like to like comparison may not be possible_ 

44 

_* CAGR for Wellness Forever computed for FY 2019 to FY 2020 period as FY 2021 data was not available_ 

We also operate in a rapidly consolidating industry. Our potential new or existing competitors may be able to develop or provide a wider product offering at more competitive prices, or respond more quickly and effectively to new or changing opportunities, technologies, regulations or customer requirements. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has changed consumer behaviours and accelerated the advancement of disruptive technologies that has resulted in a significant increase in e-commerce competition. Disruptive innovation by existing or new competitors potentially in the nature of a more user-friendly, innovative online channel or other such sales channel could significantly alter the competitive landscape in the future. For instance, in recent years, various online pharmacy services have been launched across India. In order to compete with such online pharmacy service providers and other potential new competitors, we may have to incur additional expenditure towards enhancing our online presence and optimizing our omnichannel platform, and may be required to alter our business strategy. However, we may be unable to keep up with the pace of such behavioural changes or technological advancements, and this could adversely affect our operations and our financial performance. 

Competition may also come from other sources in the future. Changes in market dynamics or the actions of competitors or manufacturers, including industry consolidation, the emergence of new competitors and strategic alliances could adversely affect our pharmacy retail business. If our competitors gain significant market share at our expense, we may need to lower the prices of our products or increase the level of discounts granted in order to retain customers, possibly reducing our sales. For example, the level of discounts we have granted has been increasing in recent years. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain inventory from our suppliers as per our current terms, or reduce our expenses incurred. This may adversely affect our sales, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **37. We are dependent on third party transportation for the delivery of products in certain areas and any disruption in their operations or a decrease in the quality of their services could affect our reputation and results of operations** . 

We are largely dependent on third party transportation providers to facilitate the delivery of our products from our warehouses to our stores. Although our business has not experienced any significant disruptions due to transportation strikes in the past, any future transportation strikes may have an adverse effect on our business. At times, these transportation facilities may not be adequate to support our existing and future operations. In addition, products being delivered through these transportation facilities may be lost or damaged in transit for various reasons including occurrence of accidents or natural disasters. There may also be delay in delivery of products which may also affect our business and results of operation negatively. 

Further, disruptions to transportation services due to weather-related problems, strikes, lockouts, inadequacies in the road infrastructure and port facilities, or other events could impair ability to deliver goods on time. Any such disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. While there have been no past instances during the past three financial years and the six months ended September 30, 2021 where such risk materially affected our results of operations, we cannot assure you that such instances may not occur in the future. 

# **38. A portion of our business varies across certain seasons and periods, which may adversely affect our business, results of operation and share price.** 

A portion of the pharmacy retail business is seasonal in nature. As a result, we purchase seasonal inventory in anticipation of seasonal demand. However, despite having a standardized stocking plan and a defined replenishment cycle for all our stores, adverse events, such as public transportation disruptions, or unanticipated adverse weather, could result in lowerthan-planned sales during key selling seasons. This could lead to lower sales and impact our business and results of operation in certain periods. 

In addition to seasonality, our quarterly revenue and results of operations may fluctuate as a result of other factors, many of which are outside of our control. If our quarterly revenue or results of operations fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of the Equity Shares could decline substantially. Fluctuations in our results of operations may be due to a number of factors, including: 

- demand for and market acceptance of the products being sold by us; 

- the mix of services sold during a relevant period under consideration; 

- the strength of the economy; and 

- competition, including entry into the industry by new competitors and new offerings by existing competitors, 

Due to the foregoing factors, and the other risks discussed in this Red Herring Prospectus, you should not rely on quarterto-quarter comparisons of our results of operations as an indication of our future performance. 

45 

# **39. Goodwill and other intangible assets could, in the future, become impaired.** 

Goodwill and indefinitely-lived intangible assets are subject to annual impairment reviews, or more frequent reviews if events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. When evaluating goodwill for potential impairment, we compare the fair value of our reporting units to their respective carrying amounts. We estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a combination of a discounted cash flow method and a market multiple method. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, a goodwill impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess to the extent of the goodwill balance. Estimated fair values could change if, for example, there are changes in the business climate, industry-wide changes, changes in the competitive environment, adverse legal or regulatory actions or developments, changes in capital structure, cost of debt, interest rates, capital expenditure levels, operating cash flows or market capitalization. Because of the significance of our goodwill and intangible assets, any future impairment of these assets could require material noncash charges to our operating results, which also could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. While there has not been any impairment or damage to goodwill and indefinitelylived intangible assets that materially affected our business in the past three financial years and the six months ended September 30, 2021, we cannot assure you that this will not occur in the future. 

# **40. We may make acquisitions and investments in the future which could divert management’s attention and result in operating difficulties and dilution to our shareholders and otherwise disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business, operating results or financial position.** 

As part of our growth strategy, we may target achieving economies of scale and operating efficiencies through acquisitions. Our ability to execute our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to identify and acquire desirable acquisition candidates at a price and on terms acceptable to us and on our ability to successfully integrate acquired operations into our business. However, despite our model, we are not always able to control the timing of our acquisitions. If we identify suitable acquisition candidates, we may be unable to successfully negotiate their acquisition at a price or on terms and conditions acceptable to us. Our inability to complete acquisitions within the time frames that we expect may cause our operating results to be less favourable than expected, which could cause the price of the Equity Shares to decline. If we are unable to identify and correct operational or financial weaknesses in acquired businesses or to achieve the projected cost savings, our operating result and cash flows could be negatively impacted. Even if we are able to make acquisitions on advantageous terms and are able to integrate them successfully into our operations and organization, some acquisitions may not fulfil our anticipated financial or strategic objectives in a given market due to factors that we cannot control, such as market conditions, market position, competition, customer base, third-party legal challenges or governmental actions. While there have been no past instances during the past three financial years and the six months ended September 30, 2021 of material disruptions to our operations due to acquisitions and investments, we cannot assure you that such instances may not occur in the future. 

While we expect we will be able to fund some of our acquisitions and capital expenditures with our existing resources, we will likely require additional financing, including debt, to pursue certain acquisitions. We may not be able to incur additional debt on terms favourable to us or at all. 

Any transactions that we enter into following the evaluation of potential strategic acquisition or investment opportunities could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. The process of acquiring and integrating another company could create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. Acquisitions and investments involve a number of risks, such as: 

- diversion of management time and focus from operating our business; 

- use of resources that are needed in other areas of our business; 

- in the case of an acquisition, implementation or remediation of controls, procedures and policies of the business being acquired; 

- in the case of an acquisition, difficulty integrating the accounting systems and operations of the acquired company, including potential risks to our corporate culture; 

- in the case of an acquisition, retention and integration of employees from the business being acquired; 

- unforeseen costs or liabilities; 

- adverse effects to our existing business relationships with partners and customers as a result of the acquisition or investment; and 

- the possibility of adverse tax consequences. 

46 

In addition, a significant portion of the purchase price of our acquisitions may be allocated to acquired goodwill and other intangible assets, which must be assessed for impairment at least annually. In the future, if our acquisitions do not yield expected returns, we may be required to take charges to our operating results based on this impairment assessment process, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Acquisitions and investments may also result in dilutive issuances of equity securities, which could adversely affect our share price, or result in issuances of securities and preferences to the Equity Shares or the incurrence of debt with restrictive covenants that limit our future uses of capital in pursuit of business opportunities. 

**41. Loans availed by us have been secured based on personal guarantees of our Directors, and our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects may be adversely affected in case of invocation of any personal guarantees provided by our Directors.** 

As on September 30, 2021, Optival has availed certain cash credit facilities from various lenders, each secured by personal guarantees provided by our Director, Gangadi Madhukar Reddy. He may continue to provide additional personal guarantees and other personal security post completion of this issuance. In case of a default under our loan agreements, any of the personal guarantees provided by such Director may be invoked, which could potentially negatively impact the reputation and net worth of our Directors. We may also face certain impediments in taking decisions which in turn would result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition, business, results of operations and prospects and would negatively impact our reputation. We may also not be successful in procuring alternate guarantees or security satisfactory to our secured lenders, as a result may need to repay outstanding amounts under such facilities or seek additional sources of capital, which could affect our financial condition and cash flows. 

**42. Potential conflicts of interest may arise if our Promoters or Directors are or become involved with one or more ventures which are in the same line of activity or business as that of the Issuer.** 

One of our Directors, Atul Gupta (Non-Executive Director) is currently a director on the board of Koye Pharmaceuticals Private Limited. Further, our Promoters or Directors may, in the future, become involved in ventures that may potentially compete with our business, subject to the provisions and disclosure requirements provided under the code of conduct for board of directors and senior management personnel, the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI Listing Regulations. The interests of our Promoters and Directors may conflict with the interests of our other Shareholders and our Promoters or Directors may, for business considerations or otherwise, cause us to take actions, or refrain from taking actions, in order to benefit themselves instead of our interests or the interests of our other Shareholders which may be harmful to our interests or the interests of our other Shareholders, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**43. Interests of the Promoters, Directors or key management personnel of the Issuer, other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or normal remuneration or benefits may conflict with those of our shareholders.** 

Some of our Promoters as well as certain Directors, i.e. Gangadi Madhukar Reddy (Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer) and Atul Gupta (Non-Executive Director), Key Managerial Personnel, Surendranath Mantena (chief operating officer- MedPlus Mart), and their relatives are interested in the Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses, and to the extent of their shareholding in the Company or the employees stock options that may be held by them. Further, Cherukupalli Bhaskar Reddy, our chief operating officer- outlet operations, is interested in NPPL as a shareholder, in CPL as the ostensible owner on behalf of the Company and in VKEPL as the registered owner on behalf of NSPPL. Further, Cherukupalli Bhaskar Reddy is also the director of our Corporate Promoters. Also, our Company has paid, and continues to pay, rent to our Individual Promoter, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Gangadi Madhukar Reddy, for property leased to the Company. Further, our Promoters have pledged Preference shares in favour of certain debenture holders. See “ _– Our Promoters have pledged their Preference shares with certain lenders under various loan and security agreements. Any exercise or enforcement of such pledge could dilute the shareholding of these Promoters, which may adversely affect our business and future prospects_ ” on page 30. We cannot assure you that our Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Promoters will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of the Company. For further information on the interest of our Promoters and Directors of the Company, other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or normal remuneration or benefits, see “ _Our Management” and “Our Promoters and Promoter Group_ ” on pages 190 and 205, respectively. 

# **44. We have certain contingent liabilities, which, if materialized, may adversely affect our financial condition.** 

We have certain contingent liabilities that have not been provided for in our financial statements, which if they materialise, may adversely affect our financial condition. As of September 30, 2021, our Restated Consolidated Financial Information as per Ind AS – Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets, disclosed the following contingent liabilities that have not been provided for as follows: 

||_(₹ in millions) _|
|---|---|
|**Particulars**<br>**Claims against the Group not acknowledged as debt**|**As of September 30, 2021**|
|Income tax|111.78|



47 

||**Particulars**|**As of September 30, 2021**|
|---|---|---|
|Value added Tax||8.26|
|**Total**||**120.04**|



The Company has given corporate guarantee to banks against the loan taken by subsidiary company - Optival Health Solutions Private Limited of ₹ 1,850.00 million (September 30, 2020: ₹ 1,850.00 million, March 31, 2021: ₹ 1,850.00 million, March 31, 2020: ₹ 1,775.00 million, March 31, 2019: ₹ 1,050 million) for the purpose of funding its working capital requirement. 

For further information on our contingent liabilities, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Contingent Liabilities Based on Our Restated Financial Information_ ” on page 299. If a significant portion of these liabilities materialize, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**45. We have in the last 12 months issued Equity Shares and preference shares at a price that could be lower than the Offer Price.** 

As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have issued no Equity Shares at a price that could be lower than the Offer Price during the last twelve months, except as disclosed in “ _Capital Structure – Notes to the Capital Structure_ ” on page 75. 

Further, our Company filed an exemption application dated May 24, 2021 with the SEBI that certain equity shares acquired by the Corporate Promoters during the preceding one year at a price lower than the price at which the equity shares that will be offered to the public in the Offer to be considered as eligible for computation towards minimum promoter’s contribution. The Exemption Application was acceded to by SEBI pursuant to its letter dated June 17, 2021. Accordingly, certain of the preference shares held by the Promoters were converted into Equity Shares on August 5, 2021 (i.e. prior to the filing of the DRHP) to ensure that sufficient Equity Shares were available with the Promoters for the purposes of minimum promoter contribution. 

Our Company has converted the preference shares on August 5, 2021 into Equity Shares held by Gangadi Madhukar Reddy, Agilemed Investments Private Limited and Lone Furrow Investments Private Limited. The converted Equity Shares shall be locked-in either in part or in full as may be required for the minimum promoter contribution. 

Further, pursuant to the board resolutions dated November 22, 2021, our Company has converted (i) 2,836,421 Series A CCPS, (ii) 8,956,480  Series B CCPS, (iii) 1,721,445 Series B1 CCPS, (iv) 1,676,418 Series B2 CCPS, (v) 560,896 Series C1 CCPS, and (vi) 160,147 Series C2 CCPS into Equity Shares. 

**46. We have included certain non-Generally Accepted Accounting Principles financial measures and other selected statistical information related to our operations in this Red Herring Prospectus. Such non-Generally Accepted Accounting Principles financial measures and other statistical information may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across the pharmacy retail industry and may not be comparable with financial or statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other companies.** 

Certain non-GAAP measures relating to our financial performance, such as, EBITDA, EBITDA Margin, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin, Return on Capital Employed, Net Debt Equity Ratio, Net Debt Service Coverage Ratio, Capital Turnover Ratio, Interest Coverage Ratio (“ **Non-GAAP Measures** ”) and certain other industry metrics relating to our operations and financial performance, such as Operating EBITDA, Store Level Operating EBITDA, Store Level Operating EBITDA for Mature Stores, Store Level Operating EBITDA for others, Operating EBITDA Margin, Store Level Operating EBITDA Margin, Store Level Operating EBITDA Margin for Mature Stores, Store Level Operating EBITDA Margin for others, Operating ROCE, Capital Employed, Operating Capital Employed, Adjusted Capital Employed and Operating EBIT, revenue per store, Operating EBITDA per store, payback period, store numbers state wise and region wise, branded vs. non-branded sales mix, product mix, market share, Store Level Operating ROCE for Mature Stores presented in this Red Herring Prospectus are a supplemental measure of our performance that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, Ind AS, Indian GAAP, or IFRS. Further, these Non-GAAP Measures are not a measurement of our financial performance under Ind AS, Indian GAAP, or IFRS and should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to cash flows, profit/ (loss) for the years/ period or any other measure of financial performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, profitability or cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities derived in accordance with Ind AS, Indian GAAP, or IFRS. In addition, these Non-GAAP Measures are not a standardised term, hence a direct comparison of similarly titled Non-GAAP Measures between companies may not be possible. Other companies may calculate the Non-GAAP Measures differently from us, limiting its utility as a comparative measure. Although the Non-GAAP Measures are not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with applicable accounting standards, our Company’s management believes that it is useful to an investor in evaluating us because it is a widely used measure to evaluate a company’s operating performance. For further details see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on page 283 and “ _Other Financial Information_ ” on page 280. 

48 

**_EXTERNAL RISKS_** 

# **Risks Relating to India** 

# **47. A downgrade in ratings of India may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares.** 

India’s sovereign debt rating could be downgraded due to several factors, including changes in tax or fiscal policy or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves, all which are outside our control. India’s sovereign rating by DBRS decreased from BBB to BBB “low” on May 20, 2021, and its rating by S&P was past issues BBB- with a “stable” outlook as of July 13, 2021. Any adverse changes to India’s credit ratings by international rating agencies may adversely affect our ratings or terms on which we are able to raise additional finances or refinance any existing indebtedness. This may have an adverse impact on our business and financial performance, shareholders equity and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **48. Non-compliance with and changes in drug and dispensary laws and other applicable regulation may adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.** 

Our operations are subject to extensive regulation governing the drug and dispensary markets. We are required to comply with the regulatory requirements of various local, state, provincial and national regulatory authorities, such as, the state-level food and drug administrations, such as the Drugs Controller General of India and the Central Drugs Standard Control Organization of India. See “ _–We conduct our business in a highly-regulated industry and environment. Our business is dependent on approvals from relevant regulatory and health authorities. Any delay or failure to obtain or renew such required regulatory approvals, registrations or any change in the regulatory environment in relation to marketing our products in regulated markets may significantly impact our business and strategy affecting our overall profitability, and may impose significant compliance burdens on us_ ” and “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” on pages 39 and 162, respectively. 

Our outlets may be subject to inspections, during which regulatory non-compliance may be discovered or alleged. In the past, we have received notices from various state drugs controllers in respect of certain non-compliances under, amongst others, the provisions of the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940. For example, certain regulatory authorities have filed various complaints against Optival for alleged sales without the presence of a pharmacist, sales without prescriptions from any registered medical practitioner, sale of incorrect drugs, stock of certain products without valid purchase invoices, and discrepancies in the prescription register. While we have responded to such show-cause notices, we cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with the applicable regulations, or that no regulatory action will be taken against us. If such noncompliance on our part is found, the drug inspectors may issue a show-cause notice. These matters are currently pending at different stages of adjudication. For details of the show-cause notices received by us, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 304. If the relevant authorities deem our reply to their show-cause notice unsatisfactory or inadequate, they may require us to suspend the operations of the relevant outlet for around two to five days, which would reduce our sales or prevent us from fulfilling our obligations to customers. For instance, in the past, we have had to suspend the operations of certain of our outlets for around two to five days due to non-compliance of certain provisions of the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940. Alternatively, the relevant authorities may also file a complaint case against us. If we are found liable, we may be subject to fines, sanctions, termination of licenses or approval and reputational damage. We may continue to incur costs in complying with regulations, appealing any decision to suspend our outlets’ operations, while having to continue incurring some or all of the operating costs during that period. We do not carry any insurance to cover such losses and expenses. 

Further, pursuant to the Scheme of Amalgamation, the liabilities, obligations and legal proceedings, including notices received from various state drugs controller, pending as on April 1, 2016, were transferred to Optival on that date. For details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation involving our Subsidiaries – Litigation against our Subsidiaries – Actions Taken by Regulatory and Statutory Authorities_ ” on page 305. Any of our regulatory noncompliance may therefore adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operation. 

# **49. Our business is affected by economic, political and other prevailing conditions in India and the markets we currently serve.** 

The Indian economy and the financing industry are influenced by economic, political and market conditions in India and globally. The Issuer is incorporated in India, and all of our assets and employees are located in India. As a result, we are dependent on prevailing economic conditions in India and our results of operations are affected by factors influencing the Indian economy. Factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy, and hence our results of operations, include, among others: 

- any increase in Indian interest rates or inflation; 

- 

   - any exchange rate fluctuations; 

- any scarcity of credit or other financing in India, or change in India’s credit rating, resulting in an adverse effect on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing of our developments and expansions; 

49 

- volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; 

- changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies, such as application of GST; 

- strikes, lock-outs, work stoppages or increased wage demands by employees, suppliers or other service providers; 

- • political instability, civil unrest, acts of violence, terrorist attacks, regional conflicts or situations or war in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; 

- man-made or natural disasters such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods and droughts, as well as the effects of climate change; 

- prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; 

- other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India or its financial services sectors; 

- downgrade of India’s sovereign debt rating by an independent agency; and 

- infectious disease outbreaks or other serious public health concerns, such as the current COVID-19 pandemic, the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine. A worsening of the current COVID-19 pandemic or any similar future outbreaks of COVID-19, avian or swine influenza or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the Indian economy and economic activity in the region. 

Our performance and the growth of our business depend on the performance of the Indian economy and the economies of the regional markets we currently serve. Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

**50. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties across the multiple jurisdictions we operate in may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.** 

Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in the laws, rules, regulations or directions applicable to us and our business, the interpretations of such existing laws, rules and regulations, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations. The governmental and regulatory bodies may notify new regulations or policies, which may require us to obtain approvals and licenses from the government and other regulatory bodies, or impose onerous requirements and conditions on our operations, in addition to those which we are undertaking currently, or change the manner. Any such changes and the related uncertainties with respect to the implementation of new regulations may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, we are subject to various labour laws and regulations governing our relationships with our employees and contractors, including in relation to minimum wages, working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and terminating the contracts of employees and contractors, contract labour and work permits. Our full-time employees are employed by us and are entitled to statutory employment benefits. In addition to our full-time employees, we use agencies for our outsourcing requirements and engage persons on a contractual basis. A change of law that requires us to increase the benefits to the employees from the benefits currently provided may create potentially liability for us. Such benefits could also include provisions which reduce the number of hours an employee may work or increase the number of mandatory casual leaves, which can all affect the productivity of the employees. A change of law that requires us to treat and extend benefits to our outsourced personnel, and personnel retained on a contractual basis, similar to our full-time employees may create potential liability for us. Moreover, our failure to comply with current and future health and safety and labour laws and regulations at all times, including obtaining relevant statutory and regulatory approvals, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, in September 2020, the Government of India implemented a new legislation relating to social security and wages, the Code for Social Security, which took effect beginning April 1, 2021 (the “ **Social Security Code** ”). The Social Security Code impacts overall employee expenses which, in turn, could impact our profitability. The Social Security Code has introduced the novel concept of deemed remuneration, such that where an employee receives more than half (or such other percentage as may be notified by the Government of India) of such employee’s total remuneration in the form of allowances and other amounts that are not included within the definition of wages under the Social Security Code, the excess amount received shall be deemed as remuneration and accordingly added to wages for the purposes of the Social Security Code, and the compulsory contribution made towards the employees provident fund. As an immediate consequence, the Social Security Code could increase the financial burden on the employer and could impact profitability. 

Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and investments in the Issuer by non-residents, could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant 

50 

management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the application, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

# **51. If there is any change in taxation laws, or their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.** 

Any change in Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. For instance, the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Ordinance, 2019, a new tax ordinance issued by India’s Ministry of Finance on September 20, 2019, prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. According to this new ordinance, companies can henceforth voluntarily opt in favour of a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which would ultimately reduce the effective tax rate for Indian companies from 34.94% to approximately 25.17%. While we have not opted for the concessional regime and continue to be subject to other benefits and exemptions, any such future amendments may affect our other benefits such as exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemption for interest received in respect of tax free bonds, and long-term capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. 

The Finance Act, 2020 (“ **Finance Act** ”), has, amongst others things, provided a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime, including, without limitation, a simplified alternate direct tax regime and that dividend distribution tax (“ **DDT** ”), will not be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as nonresident and are likely be subject to tax deduction at source. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source from such dividend. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. 

In addition, we are subject to tax related inquiries and claims. We may be particularly affected by claims from tax authorities on account of income tax assessment, service tax and GST that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into one unified rate of interest with effect from July 1, 2017. In addition, the tax consequences of the General Anti-Avoidance Rules (“ **GAAR** ”), which came into effect from April 1, 2017, being applied to an arrangement could result in denial of tax benefit amongst other consequences. In the absence of any precedents on the subject, the application of these provisions is uncertain and may or may not have an adverse tax impact on the Issuer. As a result, an such changes or interpretations could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Further, the Finance Act, 2019 stipulates any sale, transfer and issue of securities through exchanges, depositories or otherwise to be charged with stamp duty. The Finance Act, 2019 has also clarified that the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2019 may have on our business and operations. 

The Government of India announced the union budget for the financial year 2021, pursuant to which the Finance Act, effective from July 1, 2020, has introduced various amendments. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2020 may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

Further, the Government of India has announced the union budget for the financial year 2022, pursuant to which the Finance Bill, 2021 (“ **Finance Bill** ”) has introduced various amendments. The Finance Bill has received assent from the President of India on March 28, 2021, and has been enacted as the Finance Act, 2021 (“Finance Act”). We have not fully determined the impact of these recent and proposed laws and regulations on our business. We cannot predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Act would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. 

We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have 

51 

an adverse effect on our business. 

# **52. It may not be possible for you to enforce any judgment obtained outside India against us, our management or any of our respective affiliates in India, except by way of a suit in India on such judgment.** 

The Issuer is incorporated under the laws of India. All of our assets are located in India and a majority of our Directors and Key Management Personnel are residents of India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon the Issuer or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce against judgments obtained in courts outside India. Moreover, it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or inconsistent with Indian public policy. 

India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions, which includes, the United Kingdom, Singapore, UAE and Hong Kong. A judgment from certain specified courts located in a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the Civil Code. The United States and India do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any federal or state court in a nonreciprocating territory, such as the United States, for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general securities laws of the United States, would not be enforceable in India under the Civil Code as a decree of an Indian court. 

The United Kingdom, Singapore, UAE and Hong Kong have been declared by the Government of India to be reciprocating territories for purposes of Section 44A of the Civil Code. A judgment of a court of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit on the judgment under Section 13 of the Civil Code, and not by proceedings in execution. Section 13 of the Civil Code provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated on except (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case, (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable, (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice, (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. Under the Civil Code, a court in India shall, on the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgment, presume that the judgment was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record. The Civil Code only permits the enforcement of monetary decrees, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or Directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. 

However, the party in whose favour such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the United States or other such jurisdiction within three years of obtaining such final judgment. It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Moreover, it is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages to the extent awarded in a final judgment rendered outside India if it believes that the amount of damages awarded were excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain the prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered. 

# **53. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as US GAAP and IFRS, which may be material to investors' assessments of our financial condition.** 

The financial statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus have been prepared in accordance with Ind AS. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP or IFRS. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the Ind AS financial statements, which are restated as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations included in this Red Herring Prospectus, will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

# **54. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may differ from those under the laws of other jurisdictions.** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be similar to the shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as a shareholder in an Indian company, such as the Issuer, than as a shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

52 

# **55. We may be affected by competition law in India and any adverse application or interpretation of the Competition Act could adversely affect our business.** 

The Competition Act, 2002, of India, as amended (“ **Competition Act** ”) regulates practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India. Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition is considered void and results in the imposition of substantial monetary penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or provision of services, shares the market or source of production or provision of services by way of allocation of geographical area, type of goods or services or number of customers in the relevant market or directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. 

On March 4, 2011, the Government issued and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to and pre-approved by the Competition Commission of India (“ **CCI** ”). Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued Competition Commission of India (Procedure in regard to the transaction of business relating to combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. 

The Competition Act aims to, among others, prohibit all agreements and transactions which may have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. Consequently, certain types of agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. However, we cannot predict the impact of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements entered into by us at this stage. We are not currently party to any outstanding proceedings, nor have we received notice in relation to non-compliance with the Competition Act or the agreements entered into by us. However, if we are affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI or if any prohibition or substantial penalties are levied under the Competition Act, it would adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. 

# **Risks Relating to the Equity Shares and this Offer** 

# **56. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer.** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares has been determined by us and the Investor Selling Shareholder in consultation with the BRLMs, on the basis of market demand from investors for Equity Shares through the Book Building Process. This price is based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 117 of this Red Herring Prospectus and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that the investor will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

# **57. Certain of our existing shareholders or future shareholders together may be able to exert substantial voting control over us, which may limit your ability to influence corporate matters.** 

As of September 30, 2021, our five largest shareholders beneficially owned an aggregate of 89.81% of our outstanding Equity Shares on a fully diluted basis. While the shareholding of the Issuer is diversified, some existing or future shareholders together may limit your ability to influence corporate matters that require shareholder approval. These existing or future shareholders may be able to exercise considerable influence over any matters requiring shareholder approval, including the election of directors, approval of lending and investment policies and the approval of corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of the Issuer or its assets or further fund-raising transactions. In addition, our dispersed shareholdings may cause matters requiring shareholder approval to be delayed or not occur at all, which could adversely affect our business. Moreover, these shareholders are not obligated to share any business opportunities with us. 

# **58. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop.** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchange may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares has been determined through a book-building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors: 

53 

- quarterly variations in our results of operations; 

- results of operations that vary from the expectations of research analysts and investors; 

- results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 

- changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by research analysts and investors; 

- conditions in financial markets, including those outside India; 

- a change in research analysts’ recommendations; 

- market conditions specific to the industry we operate in; 

- announcements by us or our competitors of new products, significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments; 

- announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us; 

- new laws and governmental regulations or changes in laws and governmental regulations applicable to our industry; 

- additions or departures of Key Management Personnel; and 

- general economic and stock market conditions. 

Changes in relation to any of the factors listed above could affect the price of the Equity Shares. 

**59. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of the Equity Shares, independent of our operating results.** 

On listing, the Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchange. Any dividends in respect of the Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Equity Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the returns on the Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. While there were no foreign exchange risks that materially affected our results of operations during the financial years 2019 to 2021 and the six months ended September 30, 2021, we cannot assure you that such instances will not occur in the future. 

# **60. Any sale of Equity Shares by our Promoters or future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity-linked securities by us may dilute your shareholding and adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares.** 

We may be required to finance our growth through future equity offerings. Any future issuance of the Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to the Equity Shares by us, including through exercise of employee stock options may dilute your shareholding in the Issuer. Any sale of the Equity Shares by our Promoters or future equity issuances by us may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of the Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of the Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will not issue additional Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares or that our Shareholders will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

# **61. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position.** 

Under the Companies Act, 2013, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its existing equity shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the Equity Shares voting on such resolution. 

However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable 

54 

to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for your benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of any such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares, your proportional interests in the Issuer would be diluted. 

# **62. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares.** 

Under the current Indian tax laws and regulations, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is levied both at the time of transfer and acquisition of the equity shares (unless exempted under a prescribed notification), and the STT is collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realized on the sale of equity shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold using any other platform other than on a recognized stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, are subject to long term capital gains tax in India. Such long term capital gains exceeding ₹ 100,000 arising from the sale of listed equity shares on the stock exchange are subject to tax at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess). Further, STT will be levied and collected by an Indian stock exchange if the equity shares are sold on a stock exchange. With respect to capital gains arising in an off market sale, long term capital gains are subject to tax at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) without the exemption of ₹ 100,000. Short-term capital gains, arising from the sale of such equity shares on a stock exchange would be subject to tax at the rate of 15% (plus applicable surcharge and cess), while short term capital gains arising in an off-market sale would be subject to tax at a higher rate of 40% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) in the case of foreign companies and 30% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) in the case of other non-resident taxpayers. 

The Finance Act, 2019 amended the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 with effect from July 1, 2020. It clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2019 may have on our business and operations. These provisions have been notified with effect from July 1, 2020. The Government of India had announced the union budget for financial year 2022 and the Finance Act, 2021 received assent from the President of India on March 28, 2021 and was made effective from April 1, 2021. There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2021 may have on our business and operations or in the industry we operate in. 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. In cases where the seller is a non-resident, capital gains arising from the sale of the equity shares will be partially or wholly exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Additionally, the Finance Act, 2020 does not require dividend distribution tax to be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. Historically, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the equity shares. 

# **63. An investor will not be able to sell any of the Equity Shares purchased in the Issue other than on a recognized Indian stock exchange for a period of 12 months from the date of issue of such Equity Shares.** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, for a period of 12 months from the date of the issue of the Equity Shares in the Issue, investors purchasing the Equity Shares in the Issue may only sell their Equity Shares on the NSE or the BSE and may not enter into any off-market trading in respect of their Equity Shares. We cannot be certain that these restrictions will not have an impact on the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **64. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements and capital expenditures and we cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future.** 

We currently intend to invest our future earnings, if any, to fund our growth. The amount of our future dividend payments, if any, will depend upon our future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements and capital expenditures. We have not paid any dividends historically on the Equity Shares and we cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. 

# **65. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid.** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. RIBs (subject to the 

55 

Bid Amount being up to ₹ 200,000) and Eligible Employees Bidding in the Employee Reservation Portion (subject to the Bid Amount being up ₹ 500,000, net of Employee Discount, if any) can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids on or before the Bid/Offer Closing Date. While we are required to complete all Allotments pursuant to the Offer within such period as may be prescribed under applicable law, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

56 

