# **SECTION II – RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in our Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider each of the following risk factors and all other information in this RHP, including the risks and uncertainties described below before making an investment in the Equity Shares._ 

_We have described the risks and uncertainties that we believe are material, but these risks and uncertainties may not be the only risks relevant to us, the Equity Shares, or the industry in which we currently operate or propose to operate. Some risks may be unknown to us and other risks, currently believed to be immaterial, could be or become material. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factor below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implication of any of the risks mentioned in this section. If any or a combination of the following risks actually occur, or if any of the risks that are currently not known or deemed to be not relevant or material now actually occur or become material in the future, our business, cash flows, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could suffer, the trading price of the Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. To obtain a more detailed understanding of our business and operations, please read this section in conjunction with the sections “_ **_Our Business_** _”, “_ **_Industry Overview_** _”, “_ **_Key Regulations and Policies in India_** _”, “_ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_** _” and “_ **_Restated Consolidated Financial Information_** _” on pages 320, 281, 365, 501 and 416, respectively, as well as other financial and statistical information contained in this RHP._ 

_In making an investment decision, you must rely on your own examination of us and the terms of the Offer, including the merits and risks involved and you should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the consequences of investing in the Offer. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that we are incorporated under the laws of India and are subject to a legal and regulatory environment which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries. This RHP also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements because of certain factors, including but not limited to the considerations described below. For details, see “_ **_Forward-Looking Statements_** _” on page 31._ 

_Only to the extent explicitly indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the report titled “E-commerce Industry Overview and Evolution” dated November 21, 2025 prepared and issued by Redseer (the “_ **_Redseer Report_** _”), commissioned by and paid for by our Company in connection with the Offer pursuant to an engagement letter dated April 28, 2025. The Redseer Report has been prepared and issued by Redseer for the purpose of understanding the industry exclusively in connection with the Offer. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the Redseer Report and included herein with respect to any particular fiscal or calendar year, refers to such information for the relevant year. The Redseer Report is available on the website of our Company at the following web link: https://investor.meesho.com/ipo-disclosures. For further details, see “_ **_– Certain sections of this RHP contain information from the Redseer Report which has been exclusively commissioned and paid for by us in relation to the Offer and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in this offering is subject to inherent risks_** _” on page 122._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, in this section, references to “we”, “us” and “our” are to our Company, along with its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis. References to “stakeholders” refers to consumers, logistics partners, sellers and content creators using our platform._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, in this section, reference to Segment revenue – Marketplace and Segment revenue – New Initiatives are as per Ind AS 108, Operating Segments._ 

**Risks Related to Our Business and Industry** 

89 

1. **_We have incurred losses since our inception in 2015. While we were cash flow positive in the six months period ended September 30, 2024, and Fiscals 2025 and 2024, we had Restated loss before exceptional items and tax of ₹4,332.14 million and ₹240.38 million in the six months period ended September 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024, and ₹1,084.29 million, ₹3,145.33 million and ₹16,719.02 million in Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We had negative cash flows from operating activities for the six months period ended September 30, 2025 and Fiscal 2023. If we are unable to generate adequate revenue and manage our cash flows and expenses, we may continue to incur losses._** 

We started our operations on August 13, 2015 and have grown significantly. Specifically in Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, we have seen an increase in the number of Placed Orders ( _defined below)_ on Meesho and an increase in our consumer base. As a result, our revenue from operations and Net Merchandise Value from our Marketplace (“ **NMV** ”) has grown at a CAGR of 27.96% and 24.87%, respectively, from Fiscal 2023 to 2025. For the six months period ended September 30, 2025, our NMV increased by 44.12% compared to the six months period ended September 30, 2024. To support this growth, we made investments in technology, marketing and manpower resulting in an increase in our total expenses (as shown below). As a result, we have incurred net losses. Our Adjusted EBITDA in the six months periods ended September 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024, and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023 was ₹(5,518.72) million, ₹(543.97) million, ₹(2,195.91) million, ₹(2,301.53) million and ₹(16,937.33) million, respectively. We have reported negative cash flows from operating activities in the six months period ended September 30, 2025 and Fiscal 2023, but had positive cash flow from operating activities in the six months period ended September 30, 2024, and Fiscals 2024 and 2025, as shown in the table below. 

||**Six months p**<br>|**eriod ended**<br>|_(₹ in m_|_illion, unless othe_<br>**Fiscal**|_rwise indicated)_|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**S**|**eptember 30**||||
||**2025**|**2024**|**2025**|**2024**|**2023**|
|NMV – Marketplace<sup>(1)</sup> (_₹ in billions_)|191.94|133.18|299.88|232.41|192.33|
|Revenue from operations|55,775.38|43,112.87|93,899.03|76,151.48|57,345.19|
|Total expenses|62,909.07|45,689.21|100,093.30|81,737.75|75,695.93|
|Restated loss before exceptional<br>items and tax|(4,332.14)|(240.38)|(1,084.29)|(3,145.33)|(16,719.02)|
|Exceptional items|(1,373.81)|(513.47)|(13,464.34)|(131.08)|-|
|Restated loss before tax|(5,705.95)|(753.85)|(14,548.63)|(3,276.41)|(16,719.02)|
|Current tax|578.94|-|-|-|-|
|Current tax on account of<br>business combination|722.29|24,375.06|24,868.42|-|-|
|Restated loss for the period/year|(7,007.18)|(25,128.91)|(39,417.05)|(3,276.41)|(16,719.02)|
|Net cash flows (used in)/ from<br>operatingactivities|(8,506.36)|1,355.33|5,393.70|2,202.00|(23,081.91)|
|LTM FCF<sup>(2)</sup>|5,814.76|N.A.|5,912.36|1,995.63|(23,363.68)|
|Adjusted EBITDA<sup>(3)</sup>|(5,518.72)|(543.97)|(2,195.91)|(2,301.53)|(16,937.33)|



_Notes:_ 

_(1) Refers to the cumulative checkout value of successfully delivered orders to consumers on our marketplace in a given period inclusive of all taxes. This excludes value of Placed Orders that were cancelled, not delivered or returned by consumers and any discounts applied at checkout._ 

_(2) Last Twelve Months Free Cash Flow (“_ **_LTM FCF_** _”) represents cash flows from / (used in) operating activities less purchase of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and intangible assets under development (including payable towards capital goods) and excluding cash flow towards Exceptional items for trailing twelve months. For a reconciliation of LTM FCF, see “_ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of our Results of Operations – Principal Factors Affecting our Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Cost and Capital efficiency of our platform_** _on page 509_ 

_(3) Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as EBITDA plus (i) Employee share based payment expense, (ii) Exceptional items, and (iii) Fair value loss on derivative instruments at fair value through profit or loss, less (i) Interest income on bank deposits, bonds, certificate of deposits and commercial papers, (ii) Interest income on security deposits, (iii) Gain on sale of current investments_ 

90 

_(net), (iv) Gain on liquidation of a subsidiary, (v) Interest on income tax refund, (vi) Net gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment, (vii) Fair value gain on derivative instruments at fair value through profit or loss, (viii) Fair value gain on investments at fair value through profit and loss, and (ix) Exchange differences relating to disposal of a foreign subsidiary. EBITDA is calculated as Restated loss for the period/year plus (i) Finance costs, (ii) Total tax expense, and (iii) Depreciation and amortisation expense for the given period/year. Please see “_ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of our Results of Operations – Non-GAAP Financial Measures_** _” starting on page 520._ 

In Fiscal 2025, our Restated loss for the year increased from Fiscal 2024 primarily due to one time exceptional expenses for (i) the tax incurred for reorganization of the Company, (ii) additional costs due to accelerated vesting of ESOPs held by our Promoters, and (iii) related perquisite taxes paid by the Company, among others. For the six months period ended September 30, 2025, the higher Restated loss was primarily driven by increased marketing investments to enhance brand awareness and user growth, scaling of technology infrastructure to support higher engagement and content-led transactions, and certain one-time exceptional items from reorganization-related activities and a vendor settlement. The negative operating cash flow for the six months period ended September 30, 2025 is primarily due to one time cash outflow towards the exceptional items, such as income tax payments linked to Promoter ESOP exercises and other strategic reorganization-related outflows. For more details on the reorganization, see “ **_History and Certain Corporate Matters – Details regarding material acquisitions or divestments of business/undertakings, mergers, amalgamation, any revaluation of assets, etc. in the last 10 years_** ” and “ **_Capital Structure – Issue of equity shares pursuant to Sections 391 to 394 of the Companies Act, 1956 or Sections 230 to 234 of the Companies Act, 2013_** ” on pages 378 and 183. Further, see “ **_- In Fiscal 2025 we undertook a strategic reorganization of our Company. Such reorganizations resulted in, and may result in, significant costs in the future_** ” on page 105. 

Our future growth and profitability depend on increasing our consumer base, order frequency and consumers continuing to have access to products at low cost on Meesho. For more details, see “ **_Our Business – Our Strategies_** ” starting on page 345. For that, we may require to make more investments than we expected, and such investments may not result in increased revenue or growth in our business. In addition, our NMV and revenue growth may decline for other reasons, some of which may be beyond our control, including a decrease in consumer spend on e-commerce platforms, increasing competition, a decline in the growth of our overall market, the emergence of alternative business models, a decrease in the use of value added services by sellers, changes in consumer behaviour and preferences, changes in rules, regulations or government policies or changes in general economic conditions, among others. If we are unable to generate adequate revenues and manage our expenses and cash flows, we may incur losses and negative cash flows, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and business operations. 

Further, we have limited experience in operating our business at its current scale and scope. Given the rapid pace of our growth, our historical operating results may not be indicative of our future performance. We may be unable to accurately predict industry trends, consumer preferences, or the future performance of newly launched initiatives. Accordingly, our ability to plan and execute strategies, manage growth, and allocate resources effectively is subject to risks and uncertainties. Any failure to adapt to these challenges could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. See also “ - **_Certain of our Subsidiaries are focused on making investments in new businesses and have incurred losses in the six months period ended September 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024, and in Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. If they continue to incur losses, we may be required to continue providing financial support to them which may adversely affect our consolidated cash flows, results of operations and financial condition_** ” on page 114. 

91 

## **_2. If we fail to attract and retain consumers on our platform our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely impacted._** 

Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain consumers on our platform. The following table highlights certain metrics relating to our consumers for the periods/years indicated: 

|**Particulars**|**Six months**<br>**September 30 (**|**period ended**<br>**_unless noted_**<br>**_otherwise_)**||**Fiscal**||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2025**|**2024**|**2025**|**2024**|**2023**|
|Annual Transacting Users<sup>(1)</sup>_(in_<br>_million)_|234.20<sup>(4)</sup>|175.09<sup>(4)</sup>|198.77|155.64|136.40|
|Placed Orders<sup>(2)</sup> _(in million)_|1,261.14|824.59|1,834.40|1,341.94|1024.34|
|Order Frequency<sup>(3)</sup>_(times)_|9.70<sup>(4)</sup>|8.84<sup>(4)</sup>|9.23|8.62|7.51|
|Advertising and sales promotion<br>expenses_(₹ in million)_ **(A)**|6,062.10|3,255.17|6,435.26|4,594.60|9,278.00|
|Total expenses_(₹ in million)_ **(B)**|62,909.07|45,689.21|100,093.30|81,737.75|75,695.93|
|NMV – Marketplace_(₹ in billion)_<br>**(C)**|191.94|133.18|299.88|232.41|192.33|
|Revenue from operations_(₹ in_<br>_million)_ **(D)**|55,775.38|43,112.87|93,899.03|76,151.48|57,345.19|
|Advertising and sales promotion<br>expenses as a percentage of Total<br>expenses (_%_)**(A/B)**|9.64%|7.12%|6.43%|5.62%|12.26%|
|Advertising and sales promotion<br>expenses as a percentage of NMV<br>– Marketplace_(%)_ **(A/C)**|3.16%|2.44%|2.15%|1.98%|4.82%|
|Advertising and sales promotion<br>expenses as a percentage of<br>Revenue from operations _(%)_ **(A/D)**|10.87%|7.55%|6.85%|6.03%|16.18%|



_Notes:_ 

_(1) Refers to the count of unique consumers who successfully placed at least one order on Meesho in the last twelve months._ 

_(2) Refers to the total number of unique products purchased per transaction, aggregated for all such transactions on our marketplace in a given period._ 

_(3) Calculated as Placed Orders in the last twelve months divided by the Annual Transacting Users._ 

_(4) Presented for the last twelve months ended September 30 2025 and September 30, 2024, as applicable._ 

The consumer base on our platform has grown over Fiscals 2023 to 2025 as shown in the table above. This increase is primarily due to a combination of investments in marketing initiatives and ongoing enhancements to the platform experience. To drive acquisition and engagement, we undertake targeted performance and brand marketing initiatives, along with promotional campaigns tailored to our user base. These efforts have helped improve awareness, build trust, and encourage repeat engagement on the platform. In parallel, we invest in our technology to enhance consumer experience across the purchase journey, which also attracts consumers to our platform. Going forward, we intend to continue to invest in both marketing and technology to support consumer growth and retention. See “ **_Objects of the Offer - Investment in Meesho Technologies Private Limited, our Subsidiary, for expenditure towards marketing and brand initiatives_** ” on page 215, “ **_Objects of the Offer - Payment of salaries of our existing and replacement hires for the Machine Learning and AI and technology teams for AI and technology development, undertaken by Meesho Technologies Private Limited, our Subsidiary_** ” on page 211, and “ **_Our Business – Our Strategies - Increase consumer base and their transaction frequency by expanding our product listings and seller base_ ”** on page 345. 

92 

While our consumer base has been increasing, this trend may not continue and our consumer base may decline for various factors. For instance, consumers may have a negative experience on our platform due to product quality issues, return process, or refund challenges, all of which may reduce consumer trust and repeat purchases. Consumers may find similar products at more competitive prices on other platforms. A decline in our consumer base could result in a corresponding decline in our seller base, and in turn, a decrease in the assortment of products and diminish the overall attractiveness of our platform. A decline in consumer engagement or retention may require us to increase our marketing and promotional spend in order to acquire and retain consumers. This could in turn adversely impact **—** our revenue from operations, cash flows and profitability. See “ **_Our failure to provide adequate support services to our stakeholders could adversely impact our operation_** _s_ ” on page 100, “ **—** **_The “Meesho” and “Valmo” brands, the trademarks of which are owned by the Company, are critical for our growth and success. Any negative publicity or harm to our brand or reputation could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, prospects and cash flows_** ” on page 98 for details related to other aspects that could impact our ability to retain and acquire new consumers and see “ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of our Results of Operations – Principal Factors Affecting our Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Cost and capital efficiency of our platform_** ” on page 509 for details related to the trend of our advertising and sales promotion expenses. 

**_3. If we fail to attract and retain sellers on our platform, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

Our ability to retain and expand our seller base is critical to maintaining and enhancing product assortment on our platform, increasing competition to reduce cost of products and driving overall platform growth. Sellers are attracted to Meesho as we are able to offer a low-cost channel and access to a large consumer base. For more details on sellers, see “ **_Our Business - Our Stakeholders – Sellers_** ” on page 328. The following table sets out certain metrics related to our sellers for the periods/years indicated. 

|**Particulars**|**Last twelve mo**<br>**ended Sep**|**nths period**<br>**tember 30,**||**Fiscal**||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2025**|**2024**|**2025**|**2024**|**2023**|
|Annual Transacting Sellers<sup>(1)</sup>|706,471|440,824|513,757|423,749|449,966|
|Placed Orders per Annual<br>TransactingSeller<sup>(2)</sup>|3,214.50|3,511.83|3,570.56|3,166.83|2,276.48|



_Notes:_ 

_(1) Refers to the count of unique sellers who successfully received at least one order on Meesho in the last twelve months._ 

_(2) Placed Orders per Annual Transacting Seller is calculated as Placed Orders in the last twelve months divided by Annual Transacting Sellers._ 

Our seller base may decline for various reasons, including our inability to effectively execute our seller related strategies, our inability to continue to provide a low cost platform for sellers, sellers’ inability to engage effectively with consumers on Meesho due to technical issues, changes in their own business imperatives or financial condition, delisting of the seller or their products from Meesho due to policy violations, transitioning to other e-commerce platforms, changes to our terms of engagement and policies that may reduce seller participation, or increased competition from other platforms and retail stores. For example, in Fiscal 2024, we delisted sellers from Meesho, under certain trust & safety initiatives for misusing our platform, which was one of the reasons for the decrease in our Annual Transacting Seller base. For more details on our trust and safety initiatives, see “ **_Our Business – Trust and Safety_** ” on page 351. Similarly, in August 2025, as part of our trust and safety initiatives, we suspended seller operations in Sagar, Madhya Pradesh, following an internal assessment indicating misuse of our platform by sellers in the region. Further, the decrease in Placed Orders per Annual Transacting Seller for the twelve month period ended September 30, 2025 in comparison to the twelve month period ended September 30, 2024, was primarily attributable to a change in the mix of sellers on 

93 

our platform since there was an increase in the number of non-GST sellers onboarded on the platform. Non-GST sellers tend to be smaller sellers with relatively limited assortment and, consequently, lower order volumes, which in turn reduced the average orders placed per Annual Transacting Seller. A material decline in seller engagement could lead to reduced product assortment negatively impacting consumer engagement, order volumes, and ultimately our NMV. Any such developments could adversely affect our operations, cash flows, financial condition, and future prospects. Further, our seller base could be impacted by certain factors that are beyond our control. For example, sellers’ operating and logistics costs are affected by inflation, raw material availability, labour, rental costs and energy costs, among others. If sellers on our platform try to pass on increased operating or logistics costs to consumers, it may decrease the frequency with which consumers interact on Meesho. 

**_4. Products sold on Meesho are delivered to consumers through third party logistics partners either through (i) Valmo, our technology platform or (ii) end-to-end logistics partners. Further, we engaged with five end-to-end logistics partners during the six months period ended September 30, 2025. Service interruptions, failures, constraints or inadequate service quality of these logistics’ partners could harm our business, financial condition and prospects._** 

Orders placed on Meesho are fulfilled either through (i) Valmo, our proprietary and unique technology platform which orchestrates a multi stage logistics network across multiple partners, or (ii) end-to-end logistics partners. For more details, see “ **_Our Business – Overview – Our Stakeholders – Logistics Partners_** ” on page 331. The following table provides select metrics with respect to logistics partners for the periods/years indicated: 

|**Particulars**|**Six months**|**period ended**<br>**September 30**||**Fiscal**|_(in million)_|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2025**|**2024**|**2025**|**2024**|**2023**|
|Shipped Orders<sup>(1)</sup>**(A)**|1,077.82|713.98|1,587.94|1,146.38|866.93|
|Shipped Orders - Valmo<sup>(2)</sup> **(B)**|695.42|275.61|763.51|224.06|15.87|
|Shipped Orders – End-to-end express<br>parcel deliverycompanies<sup>(3)</sup> **(C)**|382.40|438.37|824.43|922.32|851.06|



_Notes:_ 

_(1) Refers to number of Placed Orders by consumers on our marketplace during a given period excluding Placed Orders that were cancelled._ 

_(2) Refers to number of Shipped Orders through Valmo in a given period._ 

_(3) Refers to number of Shipped Orders by end-to-end express delivery partner in a given period._ 

Our logistics partners include first and last mile delivery businesses and individuals, sorting centres, truck operators, and end-to-end logistics partners. The ability of our logistics partners to efficiently fulfil orders affects the overall seller and consumer experience on Meesho. We do not have exclusive arrangements with logistics partners, and sellers could use multiple third party platforms concurrently as they attempt to maximise earnings. Further, some of our contracts with logistics partners are on a short term basis and there is no assurance that we will be able to renew these contracts on favourable terms or at all. Circumstances beyond our control, including periods of inclement weather, such as the monsoon season, and changes in political environment on account of elections or geopolitical conflicts, may impact the ability of logistics partners to complete deliveries successfully or may result in a decline in the availability of logistics partners, potentially leading to delays, order cancellations, reduced service quality, and higher refund or return requests. Further, as we do not directly control the day to day on ground operations of our logistics partners, our ability to ensure consistent service quality is limited. This could negatively impact consumer experience and trust, our reputation, cash flows and results of operations. While our logistics partners are contractually liable for losses or damages incurred during transit, there is no assurance that such compensation will fully cover the value of the lost or damaged product or the broader reputational impact. Further, while we have not experienced disruptions or issues with the performance of our logistics partners other than in the ordinary course of business in the six 

94 

months period ended September 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024, and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, there is no assurance that such issues will not arise in the future. In addition, if our existing logistics partners are not able to scale and we are unable to increase our logistics partner base to support our growth, it could adversely impact our operations and logistics and fulfilment expense. 

Further, according to the Redseer Report, the e-commerce industry’s reliance on large-scale logistics ecosystem creates vulnerability to supply chain disruptions, last-mile inefficiencies, and rising costs. As shipment volumes increase, ensuring consistent and reliable delivery performance becomes paramount. Any infrastructure constraints, regulatory bottlenecks, and service disruptions can significantly impact consumer satisfaction and cost structure. This in turn could adversely impact our third-party logistics partners to adequately fulfil orders. 

All of the below could adversely impact our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

   - **_Risks related to Valmo_** _:_ Our ability to deliver products through Valmo in a timely and efficient manner depends on the availability and reliability of logistics partners at every node of the delivery network. Any inability to onboard a sufficient number of logistics providers and delivery partners or retain them during peak periods or in key geographies may lead to capacity shortfalls, resulting in delays or unfulfilled orders. In addition, the performance and reliability of Valmo is dependent on the robustness of the underlying technology infrastructure, which supports logistics partner onboarding, routing, tracking and payments. Any technical failure or system outage could result in operational disruptions, reduced visibility over order status, and delays in issue resolution, thereby adversely impacting both seller and consumer experience. On Valmo, logistics partners are typically smaller and more fragmented players. As a result, their ability to consistently deliver adequate service may be affected by such technological disruptions. We may also, from time to time, change our terms of engagement and policies with these logistics partners, which may lead to dissatisfaction among certain partners, result in lower allocation of volumes or reduce their participation in our network. Further, since a portion of the orders are fulfilled on a cash on delivery (“ **CoD** ”) basis, the risk of significantly delayed or incomplete cash collection also increases due to limited working capital and operational sophistication of these logistics partners. For risks related to CoD, see “ **_- A large portion of orders on Meesho are paid using cash on delivery (“CoD”). In the six months period ended September 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024, and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, 72.00%, 78.51%, 76.95%, 85.39% and 88.71%, respectively, of Shipped Orders were on CoD basis. CoD reduces the rate of successful deliveries and increases operational inefficiencies and risks related to cash handling_** ” on page 96 for additional risks. 

   - **_Risks related to end-to-end logistics partners_** _:_ We also rely on a limited number of endto-end logistics partners. We generally enter into short term arrangements with these delivery companies, which are typically for one year. While we have not experienced any contract terminations or material disruptions in operations from these companies in the six months periods ended September 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024, and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, we cannot assure you that such terminations or disruptions will not occur in the future. Any termination or disruption in the services provided by logistics partners, including operational issues, labour shortages, pricing actions, capacity constraints, or changes to the terms of engagement, could result in delays in order fulfilment. In such cases, we may be required to allocate additional volumes to other existing end-to-end logistics partners or Valmo, either of which may not be cost effective. 

**_5. Any disruption to our technology infrastructure or system availability could impair our ability to ensure consistent platform performance and deliver uninterrupted services. Further, if we do not continue to develop our technology stack or introduce new tech_** 

95 

## **_enabled tools, or we are not able to keep pace with technological developments, we may not remain competitive and our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be adversely affected._** 

The satisfactory performance, reliability and availability of our technology infrastructure are critical to our operations and our ability to consistently deliver services. Any system interruptions or degradation could adversely impact consumer experience, reduce transaction volumes, and affect our business performance. From time to time, we have experienced technological issues and system downtimes that temporarily affect the functioning of our platform, including users’ ability to place orders. For instance, in November 2024 consumers were unable to place orders on the platform for a few hours due to technological issues. In April 2025, a system change temporarily blocked CoD payments for a subset of users, resulting in failed orders. While these incidents did not have a material adverse impact on our operations and we were able to restore operations within a reasonable timeline, there is no assurance that such events will not occur in the future. Further, technological innovation is instrumental to the continued growth and competitiveness of our business as our technology powers various aspects of our platform, including product discovery, personalization, transaction risk management, seller and consumer engagement, order fulfilment and logistics coordination. We have made and expect to continue making investments in building and maintaining our technology stack. The following table provides our server and software tools expenses for the periods/years indicated. See “ **_Our Business – Our Technology_** ” on page 349, and “ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of our Results of Operations – Principal Factors Affecting our Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Cost and Capital efficiency of our platform_** on page 509. 

|**Particulars**|**Six mo**<br>**ended Se**|**nths period**<br>**ptember 30**||**Fiscal**||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2025**|**2024**|**2025**|**2024**|**2023**|
|Server and software tools expenses_(₹ in_<br>_million)_ **(A)**|4,372.55|2,718.33|6,195.61|5,775.14|5,674.74|
|Total expenses_(₹ in million)_ **(B)**|62,909.07|45,689.21|100,093.30|81,737.75|75,695.93|
|Server and software tools expenses as a<br>percentage of Total expenses_(%)_ **(A/B)**|6.95%|5.95%|6.19%|7.07%|7.50%|



If we are unable to continually improve our existing systems or develop new technology backed tools and services, whether for consumers, sellers, logistics partners and content creators, we may fail to meet market expectations or remain competitive. Additionally, if our competitors introduce superior or more innovative tech enabled offerings, or if new industry practices emerge and we are unable to adapt in a timely and cost effective manner, our platform may no longer be attractive. We may also face challenges in improving system performance and availability, especially during periods of peak demand. Failure to address capacity constraints or maintain system reliability could have an adverse impact on our business, reputation, cash flows and results of operations. See also “ **_We rely on many third party service providers and contractors in connection with our business operations. Any failure by our third party service providers and contractors could have a material impact on our reputation, business, cash flows and results of operations_** ” on page 106. 

**_6. A large portion of orders on Meesho are paid using cash on delivery (“CoD”). In the six months period ended September 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024, and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, 72.00%, 78.51%, 76.95%, 85.39% and 88.71%, respectively, of Shipped Orders were on CoD basis. CoD reduces the rate of successful deliveries and increases operational inefficiencies and risks related to cash handling._** 

A significant portion of orders on our platform are fulfilled through the CoD payment method, primarily because a large portion of our consumer base are value-conscious, including first-time e-commerce users from Tier 2+ cities. For this industry, CoD remains a preferred mode of payment, primarily due to 

96 

limited trust in online transactions and lower familiarity with digital payment infrastructure. The following table provides certain metrics related to payments for the periods/years indicated. 

|**Particulars**|**Six months p**<br>**S**|**eriod ended**<br>**eptember 30**||**Fiscal**||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2025**|**2024**|**2025**|**2024**|**2023**|
|CoD orders as % of Shipped<br>Orders<sup>(1)</sup>|72.00%|78.51%|76.95%|85.39%|88.71%|
|Prepaid orders as % of Shipped<br>Orders<sup>(2)</sup>|28.00%|21.49%|23.05%|14.61%|11.29%|
|Shipped Orders (in millions)<sup>(3)</sup>|1,077.82|713.98|1,587.94|1,146.38|866.93|
|CoD orders success rate<sup>(4)</sup>|75.85%|78.05%|77.70%|78.60%|76.57%|
|Prepaid orders success rate<sup>(5)</sup>|96.39%|97.39%|97.28%|97.85%|96.76%|



_Notes:_ 

_(1) Refers to the percentage of total Shipped Orders on our marketplace with CoD as the payment method._ 

_(2) Indicates the percentage of total Shipped Orders on our marketplace with payment method other than CoD._ 

_(3) Refers to the number of Placed Orders by consumers on our marketplace during a given period excluding Placed Orders that were cancelled._ 

_(4) Represents the count of CoD Shipped Orders that were successfully delivered to the consumer on our marketplace, regardless of whether the product was subsequently returned divided by total CoD Shipped Orders._ 

_(5) Represents the count of prepaid orders that were successfully delivered to the consumer on our marketplace, regardless of whether the product was subsequently returned, divided by total Prepaid Shipped Orders._ 

While CoD typically supports e-commerce adoption among value conscious and first time online consumers in India, high reliance on this payment method exposes us to operational and financial risks. Additionally, CoD requires physical cash handling by our last mile delivery partners, including those operating through Valmo. As Valmo partners are typically smaller and more fragmented players, the risk of delayed or incomplete cash collection increases due to the limited working capital and lack of operational sophistication of these logistics partners. CoD orders expose us to the risk of lower successful deliveries where consumers may refuse to accept the delivery of the product, leading to increased logistics costs, and operational inefficiencies. 

We take steps to encourage consumers to adopt prepaid payment options, such as, (i) incentives provided by sellers to consumers opting prepaid payment modes, given the lower likelihood of order cancellations or refusals associated with such transactions, (ii) introduction of Meesho Balance, a thirdparty powered gift card solution that enables consumers to receive refunds in the form of a gift cards, which can be used for future purchases, and (iii) offering various digital payment options, such as UPI and Buy Now Pay Later solutions, to cater to consumers’ needs and enable a more seamless cashless transaction experience. Further, we have implemented safeguards, including transaction risk management tools, consumer and seller behaviour modelling, reconciliation processes, and internal checks to limit repeat CoD abuse. Based on such modelling, we may restrict CoD access for certain consumers who are repeat offenders or impose a convenience fee on consumers with high RTO rates. These behavioural interventions are aimed to shape customer habits over time and reduce the operational inefficiencies arising from failed deliveries. To manage operational and financial risks associated with CoD, particularly in relation to cash collection by last-mile delivery partners, we have established internal standard operating processes to manage and monitor outstanding payments. Where a delivery partner’s remittance breaches a defined threshold, we suspend further allocation of delivery volumes to such partner until the dues are cleared, with the aim to help safeguard cash flows. 

While these combined efforts have contributed to a decline in the proportion of CoD orders (as shown in the table above), there is no assurance that these safeguards will be effective in preventing such risks or that the adoption of prepaid orders will scale fast enough to materially reduce our reliance on CoD or mitigate its associated risks. We have had to file complaints against delivery vendors not depositing cash collected. For example, on May 15, 2024, our Company filed a complaint before the Marathahalli Police Station, Bengaluru, against 35 delivery vendors for allegedly failing to deposit the 

97 

CoD amounts collected by them with us, for which an FIR is yet to be registered. For risks related to our other payment methods, see “ **_- We use a variety of prepaid payment mechanisms. Any failure of these payment mechanisms could impact consumers’ ability to pay for their orders, which in turn could impact our business_** ” on page 114. Any failure to effectively manage CoD related challenges could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, seller engagement and overall platform experience. 

**_7. We face intense competition and if we fail to compete effectively, we may lose our market share and our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely impacted._** 

Our platform competes with a wide range of online and offline businesses offering products and services to consumers, sellers and delivery personnel, including large horizontal marketplaces, category specific platforms, traditional retailers such as supermarkets and hypermarkets, and emerging models such as social and quick commerce platforms. Our continued success depends on our ability to transact with, and attract and retain consumers, sellers, logistics partners and content creators, as well as the growth of the e-commerce industry in India. Consumers have access to multiple alternatives for purchasing products, and sellers can choose from a variety of online and offline channels to reach consumers. We differentiate ourselves through our low cost model, including zero commissions for sellers, and our focus on value conscious consumers. However, as the market continues to evolve, newer technologies and models emerge, such as content led commerce or AI-based personalization and we will need to continue to adapt to maintain our competitive positioning. 

The competitive landscape has evolved with increased consumer expectations around faster deliveries, returns, personalised recommendations, and overall service levels. Further, according to the Redseer Report, the e-commerce market in India continues to attract significant investment across multiple formats, escalating competition on parameters such as pricing, logistics capabilities, seller incentives, and platform experience could exert pressure on margins and consumer retention, especially for players operating at scale. Many of our competitors have, and potential competitors may have, significant competitive advantages, including longer operating histories, greater experience in executing business strategies at scale, stronger brand recognition, established offline presence, and greater financial, technological, and marketing resources. In addition, the markets in which we operate have attracted substantial capital from global and domestic investors, allowing competitors to be highly capitalised. This enables them to lower prices or platform fees, offer higher seller incentives, and run aggressive promotional campaigns. Many invest heavily in improving consumer experience, expanding their offline and online presence, and enhancing technology infrastructure, including website design, recommendation engines, and delivery networks. Our inability to respond effectively to these competitive pressures or match such investments could adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. We may make decisions in response to market dynamics that may not deliver the expected outcomes. While we believe our model is resilient and well positioned to serve the next wave of e-commerce in India, we cannot assure you that we will always be able to respond effectively to competitive pressures or newer business models and changing consumer preferences. If we are unable to continue differentiating ourselves in a cost effective and scalable manner, our growth, business, cash flows and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

**_8. The “Meesho” and “Valmo” brands are critical for our growth and success. Any negative publicity or harm to our brand or reputation could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, prospects and cash flows._** 

The “Meesho” and “Valmo” brands, the trademarks of which are owned by the Company, are critical to our business. Any harm to our brand or reputation could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, prospects, and cash flows. Our ability to build trust in our brand depends on several factors, including our ability to provide consistent and reliable platform experience to 

98 

consumers, maintain the assortment, quality, authenticity, and appeal of products offered on our platform, ensure the efficiency, reliability, and timeliness of fulfilment of orders, deliver satisfactory consumer service, and build awareness and recall through targeted marketing and brand building efforts. For more details, see “ **_Our Business – Our Strengths - Trusted layer among our stakeholders_** ” on page 340. While we strive to uphold these standards, the perception of Meesho or Valmo may be influenced by factors that may not be within our control. Allegations or consumer feedback, whether substantiated or not, relating to the sale of counterfeit, defective, or low quality products, or dissatisfaction with services provided by us or our sellers, could adversely affect consumer trust. We have implemented various initiatives to strengthen platform trust and ensure product authenticity, such as “Project Suraksha” and “Project Viswas”, and have takedown mechanisms for listings that violate or misuse our platform requirements and the deployment of technology tools and data science models to detect and flag potentially non-compliant listings. For more details on these initiatives, see “ **_Our Business—Trust and Safety_** ” on page 355. Any undetected incidents could give rise to regulatory action, litigation, consumer complaints, or government investigation, any of which could adversely affect public perception of Meesho or Valmo or our other brands. 

For example, in 2022, certain unrelated third parties sent fake letters and SMS to consumers claiming they had won a lottery from Meesho’s anniversary contest. We proactively communicated with consumers to raise awareness that these letters are not affiliated with Meesho and also filed an FIR in Karnataka in this case. In another instance in 2025, unknown third parties used fake websites and emails to impersonate Valmo. These third parties posed as representatives of our Company before a few logistics partners. We filed complaints against these persons in Lucknow and Bangalore. Further, in September 2025, we received a complaint from the National Cybercrime Threat Analytics Unit stating that certain fake websites and social media posts falsely claiming to offer employment opportunities at Meesho were being hosted on online platforms, for which we initiated takedown actions, and have filed a police complaint. For more details of these cases, see “ – **_Failure to protect our intellectual property rights may affect our business, cash flows and results of operations. Further, failure to identify and bring down unauthorised content posted by stakeholders on Meesho could adversely impact our reputation and business_** ” and “ **_Our Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation involving our Company – Litigation filed by our Company – Criminal proceedings_** ” on pages 104 and 552, respectively. We have also received complaints, from time to time, regarding certain improper practices in the onboarding of logistics partners in Valmo. We investigate to take relevant measures including delisting of these logistics partners but there is no assurance that such instances will not occur in the future, which could in turn impact our brand, reputation, cash flows and results of operations. 

Even isolated incidents, if widely shared on social media or reported in traditional media, can disproportionately influence public perception and erode consumer trust. We have in the past been the subject of negative social media coverage. For example, there have been periodic social media posts claiming that products sold on our platform are counterfeit or of poor quality. While such instances have not had a material impact on our business and we continually take measures to delist products and sellers that misuse our platform, any failure to effectively respond to any adverse publicity that arise in the future could impact stakeholder confidence and damage our brand. In such cases, we may be required to increase marketing and promotional expenditure to further promote and protect our brand. However, there is no assurance that such investments will be successful or cost effective. If we are unable to maintain or enhance brand recognition, trust, and engagement in a scalable and efficient manner, our ability to attract and retain our stakeholders may be impaired, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

99 

**_9. Our failure to provide adequate support services to our stakeholders could adversely impact our operations._** 

Our ability to attract and retain stakeholders depends in part on our capacity to provide adequate support to address issues related to our platform. We offer support services through call centres and AI powered chat and voice features, some of which rely on third party services and personnel, as well as technology tools. Our ability to deliver effective support depends on our continued access to qualified third party service providers who are familiar with our platform and offerings. Our support services may be disrupted for various reasons, including service delays or outages, internet or telephone connectivity issues, technology malfunctions, human or software errors or capacity constraints. Additionally, if personnel deployed by call centres engaged by us engage in unprofessional or unlawful conduct while interacting with stakeholders, it could harm our brand and reputation. While we have not encountered incidents that have had a material impact on our operations in the six months period ended September 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024, and Fiscals 2025, 2024, or 2023, any failure to maintain adequate support could damage our reputation and adversely affect our ability to grow our platform and business, **—** as well as our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. See also “ **_We rely on many third party service providers and contractors in connection with our business operations. Any failure by our third party service providers and contractors could have a material impact on our reputation, business, cash flows and results of operations_** ” on page 106. 

**_10. We have contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37 - Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets, and our financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected if any of these contingent liabilities materialise._** 

The following table sets forth the principal components of our contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37 - Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets as of September 30, 2025. These liabilities relate to disputes and litigation. For further details, see _“_ **_Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_** _”_ on page 550. 

||_(in ₹ million)_|
|---|---|
|**_Particulars_**|**_As of September 30, 2025_**|
|_Claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts:_||
|_GST dispute_|_142.91_|
|_Landowner dispute_|_72.00_|
|_Income tax dispute_|_5,720.69_|



The contingent liabilities above primarily relate to certain tax disputes. In particular, during Fiscal 2025, the Income Tax Authorities disputed certain allowances claimed by our Company and made additions to the taxable income declared for assessment year 2022-2023. Consequently, a demand of ₹5,720.69 million was raised, along with a show-cause notice for initiation of penalty proceedings under Sections 274 and 270A of the Income-tax Act, 1961. For further details, see _“_ **_Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Tax claims involving our Company, Directors, Subsidiaries and Promoters – Details of material tax claims involving our Company_** _”_ on page 558. 

We cannot assure you that we will not incur similar or increased levels of contingent liabilities in the future. For further details on our contingent liabilities as per Ind AS-37, see _“_ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Contingent Liabilities_** _”_ on page 526. 

100 

## **_11. If we are unable to use software licensed from third parties, including open source software, our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected._** 

Our technology stack depends on third party platforms and infrastructure, including cloud service providers, licensed and open source software, and social media platforms, which are key channels for our content commerce initiatives. Changes to access terms, algorithms, policies, or availability on these platforms may adversely affect our consumer reach, engagement, and overall platform attractiveness, disrupt our operations and impact our ability to scale or maintain platform reliability. We also rely on open source software across various parts of our infrastructure. The terms of many open source licenses have not been fully interpreted by courts and may be subject to change. While we have not faced such instances in the six months period ended September 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024, and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, if portions of our proprietary software are found to be subject to open source licenses, we could, under certain conditions, be required to publicly release or license, at no cost, our offerings or portions of our source code. This could enable competitors to replicate our offerings at significantly reduced time and cost, potentially leading to loss of competitive advantage and revenue. 

While we strive to comply with applicable license terms and follow internal open source usage policies, we may inadvertently use open source software in a manner inconsistent with those terms. This may expose us to claims for intellectual property infringement, misappropriation, breach of contract, or other legal actions. If we fail, or are alleged to have failed, to comply with the terms of third party licenses, we could be subject to litigation, substantial damages, or be required to obtain alternative licenses, which may not be available on commercially acceptable terms or at all. We may also need to re-engineer portions of our platform, which could lead to delays and increased costs. Any disruption in access to third party platforms, changes in licensing terms, or inability to use critical third party software or infrastructure could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations, and future growth. 

**_12. Failure to deal effectively with any misuse of our platform or illegal activity by our stakeholders, third party service providers or our employees could harm our business and reputation and expose us to liability._** 

We operate a large platform involving sellers, consumers, logistics partners and content creators, and we rely on third party service providers, off roll employees and contractors for various services, including logistics providers, call centre service providers, key account managers for seller support among others. This exposes us to a range of risks, including misconduct by employees, as well as the abuse of platform policies and deceptive practices by stakeholders, third party service providers and contractors. For example, in December 2023, certain delivery personnel who allegedly misled certain consumers of our Company by unauthorisedly obtaining one time passwords to access their Meesho accounts, post which they changed the payment details, and diverted refunds to their own accounts by initiating fake returns, causing a loss for an amount of ₹ 0.59 million to the consumers. To address such issues, we file FIRs or lodge complaints against third parties that misuse our platform. For more details, see “ **_Our Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation involving our Company – Litigation filed by our Company – Criminal proceedings_** ” on page 552. We have also strengthened our platform integrity through measures such as automated transaction risk management, abuse monitoring, dedicated investigation teams, escalation protocols, and blacklisting mechanisms for offenders. For more details, see “ **_– Our Business - Trust and Safety_** ” on page 355. While these measures have helped reduce platform abuse, we cannot assure you that all risks will be fully prevented or detected in a timely manner. If third parties or stakeholders engage in any misconduct, we may suffer financial losses, face regulatory scrutiny, and experience reputational harm. Additionally, the time and resources required to investigate and resolve such incidents may divert management attention from core business activities. Failure to 

101 

effectively detect, prevent, or address such incidents could erode consumer and seller trust and adversely impact our business, reputation, financial performance, and overall operations. 

**_13. If the sellers on our platform fail to identify and effectively respond to changing consumer preferences and spending patterns in a timely manner, the demand for their products could decrease, and our revenue, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely impacted._** 

We generate revenue from services offered to sellers on our platform, which are partly driven by volume of orders on our platform. As a result, our success depends on continued consumer demand for the products listed by sellers on Meesho. Consumer demand, particularly in categories such as apparel, footwear and accessories, home, kitchen and furnishings, beauty and personal care, kids and baby products, and others, are subject to frequent changes in consumer preferences and trends. A decline in demand for certain categories without a corresponding increase in other categories could lead to reduced NMV on our platform and adversely affect our revenue. Further, according to the Redseer Report, discretionary categories such as fashion, home, and personal care are highly sensitive to macroeconomic cycles. Periods of inflation, income stagnation, or broader economic downturns may lead to reduced consumer spending, particularly in price sensitive categories that drive a significant share of value focused commerce demand. Failure by sellers to adapt to rapidly evolving trends or changing consumer expectations and maintaining an adequate inventory of products may result in lower sales volumes, reduced consumer engagement, and in turn, seller attrition. While we provide sellers with technology enabled tools and insights to help improve product selection and inventory management and respond more effectively to consumer demand, such tools may not be sufficient in enabling sellers to respond effectively to changing consumer preferences and spending patterns. Any sustained mismatch between consumer expectations and price/product assortment available on our platform could impact our NMV and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. See “ **_- If sellers fail to ensure the quality or quantity of products provided on Meesho, our business, financial condition cash flows, and results of operations could be adversely affected_** ” on page 105. 

**_14. Any actual or perceived cybersecurity, data or privacy breach could interrupt our operations and adversely affect our reputation, brand, business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Regulatory, legislative or self-regulatory/standard developments regarding privacy and data security matters could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business._** 

Our technology, systems and infrastructure are vulnerable to cybersecurity threats and breaches, including, but not limited to, social engineering attacks, distributed denial-of-service attacks, credential stuffing, ransomware, malware, phishing, employee error or malfeasance, and other forms of cyber intrusions or operational disruptions. In addition, we rely on third party vendors, including cloud service providers, logistics technology providers, and payment processors, some of whom may also be exposed to similar threats. Although our systems have not experienced any successful cyberattacks or security breaches in the six months period ended September 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024, and Fiscals 2025, 2024 or 2023, there is no assurance that such incidents will not occur in the future. In such cases, we may be required to expend significant financial and development resources to investigate, mitigate, and remedy such incidents. While we maintain a cybersecurity insurance, such a policy may not fully cover all losses incurred as a result of any cyberattacks or security breaches. For more details on our cyber security and data protection measures, see “ **_Our Business – Data Privacy and Security_** ” on page 356. For details on our insurance, see “ – **_We rely primarily on third party insurance policies to insure our operations related risks. If our insurance coverage is inadequate, it may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations_** ” and “ **_Our Business – Insurance”_** on pages 117 and 360, respectively. 

102 

Further, we collect, store, process and share certain personal, transactional, financial and other personal data provided by our consumers, sellers, logistics partners, content creators and employees for the purpose of fulfilling transactions and KYC. Any actual or perceived compromise of this data on our or third party systems whether due to unauthorised access, accidental disclosure, data loss, or malicious attack could result in reputational harm or loss of stakeholder trust. Although we have implemented policies, internal controls, encryption protocols, access restrictions, and monitoring systems to secure our infrastructure and protect sensitive information, these measures may not be fully effective in all cases. We are subject to an evolving legal and regulatory framework relating to data privacy and protection, including the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the rules framed thereunder, as well as the recently enacted Digital Personal Data Protection Act, 2023 (the “ **DPDP Act** ”), (which has received the assent of the President on August 11, 2023 and is being enforced in a phased manner commencing from November 14, 2025), which provides for imposition of penalties for non-compliance, which can go up to ₹2,500 million. We are actively identifying the compliance measures required to ensure alignment with the obligations set out under the Act. In addition, the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology has notified the Digital Data Protection Rules, 2025 in the official gazette on November 13, 2025, which further elaborate on the operational aspects of the DPDP Act. Although we have not had any instances of data breaches from our systems or material non-compliance with applicable data protection laws to date, our interpretation or implementation of legal requirements may not always align with regulatory expectations. Any failure whether by us or by third party service providers acting on our behalf to comply with these legal and regulatory obligations could result in government investigations, fines, penalties, litigation, or other enforcement actions. For more information, see “ **_Key Regulations and Policies_** ” on page 365. 

## **_15. We depend on mobile operating systems for our operations and any changes to their terms and conditions could impact our operations._** 

We depend on mobile operating systems and their respective application marketplaces for the distribution, accessibility, and functionality of our platform. A significant portion of consumer purchases on our platform are made through mobile devices, and most of our stakeholders, including consumers, sellers, logistics partners, and content creators, engage with Meesho via mobile applications. As such, our ability to deliver a seamless and reliable mobile experience is critical to our business operations and growth. To ensure quality consumer experiences, we must continuously adapt our platform to function effectively across a wide range of mobile devices, operating systems, networks, and technical standards. As new devices and system updates are introduced, we may face compatibility issues or delays in rolling out updates, which could negatively affect consumer experience and engagement. Addressing such issues may also require substantial time and resources. 

We also rely on mobile operating systems and app stores to make our app available to consumers. Any restriction, suspension, or removal of our app from such platforms could hinder access to our services and impact consumer growth. While we have not had any instance that has had a material impact on our operations, there can be no assurance that similar incidents will not occur in the future. In addition, any changes in the terms, conditions, or policies of mobile operating systems or app stores, including restrictions on data collection, advertising, consumer engagement practices, or platform fees, could adversely affect our ability to maintain or grow our consumer base. While we have not faced such instances in the six months period ended September 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024, and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, that have had a material impact on our business, if we are unable to comply with evolving requirements or if such platforms take adverse actions against us, we may experience reduced visibility, a decline in usage, and disruptions in service availability, all of which could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

103 

**_16. Failure to protect our intellectual property rights may affect our business, cash flows and results of operations. Further, failure to identify and bring down unauthorised content posted by stakeholders on Meesho could adversely impact our reputation and business_** . 

We rely on a combination of intellectual property laws and contractual arrangements, including confidentiality, invention assignment and non-compete agreements with our employees and others, to protect our proprietary rights. For details on our intellectual property, see “ **_Our Business – Intellectual Property_** ” on page 359. Although we have measures in place to prevent unauthorised use of our intellectual property, any of our intellectual property rights could be challenged, invalidated, circumvented or misappropriated. Such claims and our failure to renew applicable registrations of our domain name or any other cause, may require us to operate under a new domain name, which could cause us substantial harm and we may need to expend significant resources to purchase rights to the domain name in question. As on the date of this RHP, we have registered trademarks under several classes with the registrar of trademarks under the Trademarks Act. We are also the registered owners of the “Meesho” and “Valmo” trademarks and logos and have filed for registration of certain other trademarks and copyrights for which the applications are pending. Some of the trademarks that we have applied for are also opposed by third parties. It is often difficult to register, maintain and enforce intellectual property rights in India. Statutory laws and regulations are also subject to judicial interpretation and enforcement which may not be applied consistently due to the lack of clear guidance on statutory interpretation. Competitors have and may continue to adopt service names similar to ours, thereby harming our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to consumer confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other trademarks that are similar to our trademarks. Further, we may not timely or successfully register our trademarks or copyrights or otherwise secure our intellectual property. Unauthorised parties have used, and may in the future use, our trademarks, copy aspects of our website and features in our applications, compilation and functionality or obtain and use information that we consider as proprietary. For example, our Company has obtained interim orders in the past, restraining certain domain owners from impersonating Valmo and infringing its trademarks, and for infringing the Meesho domain name. We have also registered FIRs against persons using fake websites and emails to impersonate Valmo in Lucknow and Bangalore. For more details, see “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation involving our Company – Litigation filed by our Company – Criminal proceedings_** ” on page 552. 

In addition, we facilitate sellers and content providers to upload content to our platform, mobile app and websites. Our mobile app features a vast amount of engaging content on the products available on our platform. Such content may include images, music, and other media, which may also be subject to copyright restrictions. We have received notices in the past and have had to take down trademarks, logos and other content provided to us by certain partners in a manner that breached the intellectual property rights of other partners and entities. Content creators may upload images, music, or other materials for which they do not have the necessary rights or licenses, thereby exposing us to allegations by third parties of infringement of intellectual property rights, unfair competition, invasion of privacy, defamation and other violations of third party rights. Our failure to identify and bring down unauthorised content posted on our mobile app and websites as directed by courts of appropriate jurisdiction may subject us to consequences, the defending of which may impose burden on us, and there can be no assurance that we will obtain final outcomes that are favourable to us. 

104 

## **_17. In Fiscal 2025 we undertook a strategic reorganization of our Company. Such reorganizations resulted in, and may result in, significant costs in the future._** 

We may undertake group level reorganization and various corporate actions. For instance, pursuant to an order dated May 27, 2025 issued by the National Company Law Tribunal, Bengaluru Bench, demerger of E-Commerce Undertaking of our Company with Meesho Technologies Private Limited and the demerger of Grocery Undertaking of our Company with Meesho Grocery Private Limited was approved and made effective from the appointed date of March 31, 2024 and the amalgamation of Meesho Inc. with our Company was approved and made effective from the appointed date of June 21, 2025. This involved certain one time costs, statutory payments and compliance efforts. Such transactions, while intended to enhance structural efficiency, may give rise to additional costs, tax liabilities, risks that could adversely affect our financial condition, business operations, or compliance obligations. For example, as a result of this reorganization, our Company is required to incur a one time tax expense towards current tax on account of business combination of ₹24,868.42 million for Fiscal 2025 referred as “Tax payable on account of business combination” See “ **_History and Certain Corporate Matters – Details regarding material acquisitions or divestments of business/undertakings, mergers, amalgamation, any revaluation of assets, etc. in the last 10 years_** ” on page 378. These actions are intended for administrative efficiency, simplifying and unifying the group structure, streamline operations or ensuring compliance with evolving regulatory frameworks. However, such transactions are inherently complex and may involve significant execution challenges and costs. They may also expose us to a range of risks, including legal and regulatory scrutiny, contingent liabilities, contractual disputes, transitional inefficiencies, or other unforeseen obligations. While the corporate actions forming a part of this reorganization have been completed, certain administrative actions such as applying for new licenses, updating statutory registrations for change in status and novation or migration of contracts, are currently in progress and pending completion. Any failure to effectively manage these risks could materially and adversely impact our business operations, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

**_18. If sellers fail to ensure the quality or quantity of products provided on Meesho, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be adversely affected._** 

A significant share of supply in value focused commerce is driven by fragmented sellers, and managing this fragmented seller base presents challenges in ensuring product quality, delivery consistency, and regulatory compliance, according to the Redseer Report. Sellers on Meesho may deliver products that do not match the listed description in terms of quality, quantity or specifications whether due to product defects, inaccurate listings, or regulatory non-compliance. Although we operate a marketplace (Meesho), such occurrences may be associated with our brand, leading to refunds, returns, or loss of consumer trust. In addition to consumer grievances, we are also exposed to generalised perceptions regarding product quality on our platform, including negative publicity on social media. 

Although we contractually require our sellers to list correct products on Meesho, including in compliance with applicable laws, certain sellers may intentionally or unintentionally misuse our platform to list fake or counterfeit products on our platform or impersonate other popular brands. Such instances may affect consumer experience or fail to meet expected standards which could give rise to negative publicity that could discourage consumers from ordering products on our platform. Any loss in consumer confidence due to such products could have an adverse effect on our brand value and our business. 

Our Company received a notice dated August 4, 2022, from the Central Consumer Protection Authority (“ **CCPA** ”) in relation to allegations regarding the promotion and sale of spurious and counterfeit goods on our platform. The matter is currently ongoing. For further details, see “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation involving our Company – Litigations filed against our Company – Actions by regulatory and statutory authorities_** ” on page 551. Further, our Company 

105 

has in the past received correspondence from CCPA with respect to products offered by sellers on our platforms. While we have undertaken corrective action including providing responses, documents for inspection and support in investigation, there can be no assurance that such authorities will find our responses satisfactory and not initiate proceedings / impose penalties. Similarly, our Company has in the past received correspondence and notices from legal metrology department and other authorities with respect to products offered by sellers on our platform. While we have provided responses, and undertaken corrective action in this regard, there can be no assurance that such authorities will find our responses satisfactory and not initiate proceedings/ impose penalties. Any adverse findings or actions arising from this or similar proceedings, or any negative publicity associated with such matters, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and reputation. 

Further, we take measures against participants that misuse our platform including delisting them. For example, in Fiscal 2024, we delisted sellers from Meesho, under certain trust & safety initiatives, for misusing our platform, which was one of the reasons for the decrease in our Annual Transacting Seller base. We have implemented certain quality control and trust building measures such as product quality scoring based on feedback, complaints and return behaviour and takedowns for policy violations. Any sustained perception of poor product quality on Meesho, whether or not factually accurate, could reduce consumer trust, and have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, cash flows and results of operations. For more details, see “ **_- Failure to deal effectively with any misuse of our platform or illegal activity by our stakeholders, third party service providers or our employees could harm our business and reputation and expose us to liability_** ”, “ **_- Failure to protect our intellectual property rights may affect our business, cash flows and results of operations. Further, failure to identify and bringdown unauthorised content posted by stakeholders on Meesho could adversely impact our reputation and business_** ” and “ **_Our Business – Our Competitive Strengths – Trusted layer among our stakeholders_** ” on pages 101, 104 and 340, respectively. 

**_19. We rely on many third party service providers and contractors in connection with our business operations. Any failure by our third party service providers and contractors could have a material impact on our reputation, business, cash flows and results of operations._** 

We rely on many third party service providers, such as cloud service providers, call centre operators and telephone operators; and off roll employees or contractors that include key account managers for seller support, on ground personnel for Valmo and for other support operations. If our third party service providers and contractors fail to perform their obligations on time and as agreed contractually, or do not comply with our policies it could have a material adverse impact on our operations. Such instances could also lead to disputes regarding the quality of services rendered, the fulfilment of contractual terms, and the payment of fees. For instance, in the past, our Company was involved in arbitration proceedings with a cloud service provider of our Company, in relation to invoices raised by them against services provided. Such dispute with the service provider was subsequently settled in November 2025. In addition, any changes or disruption in service levels may adversely affect our ability to meet the requirements of sellers, consumers, logistics partners and content creators on our platform. Sustained or repeated system failures caused by our third parties could reduce the attractiveness of our platform, and it may become increasingly difficult for us to maintain and improve our performance, especially during peak usage times. There can be no assurance that such third party related disruptions will not occur or that our efforts in preventing disruptions in the future will be successful. See “ **_- Any disruption to our technology infrastructure or system availability could impair our ability to ensure consistent platform performance and deliver uninterrupted services. Further, if we do not continue to develop our technology stack or introduce new tech enabled tools, or we are not able to keep pace with technological developments, we may not remain competitive and our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be adversely affected_** ” on page 95. 

106 

## **_20. Our Company, Directors, KMPs, SMPs and our Promoters are involved in outstanding legal proceedings and any adverse outcome in any of these proceedings may adversely impact our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

In the ordinary course of business, our Company, Directors, KMPs, SMPs and our Promoters are involved in certain legal proceedings pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts and tribunals. A summary of outstanding litigation proceedings involving our Company Directors, KMPs, SMPs and our Promoters as disclosed in _“_ **_Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_** _”_ on page 550 in terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Materiality Policy is provided below: 

|**Category of**<br>**individuals/**<br>**entities**|**Criminal**<br>**proceedings**|**Tax**<br>**proceedings**|**Statutory**<br>**or**<br>**regulator**<br>**y actions**|**Disciplinary**<br>**actions**<br>**including**<br>**penalty**<br>**imposed by the**<br>**SEBI or Stock**<br>**Exchanges**<br>**against our**<br>**Promoters in**<br>**the last five**<br>**financial years,**<br>**including**<br>**outstanding**<br>**action **|**Material**<br>**civil**<br>**litigations**<br>**as per the**<br>**Materiality**<br>**Policy^**|**Aggregate**<br>**amount**<br>**involved***<br>**(in ₹**<br>**million)**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Company**<br>|||||||
|By<br>our<br>Company|14|N.A.|N.A.|N.A.|Nil|59.07|
|Against our<br>Company|6|5|4|N.A.|Nil|5,882.43|
|**Subsidiaries**|||||||
|By<br>our<br>Subsidiaries|Nil|N.A.|N.A.|N.A.|Nil|Nil|
|Against our<br>Subsidiaries|Nil|Nil|Nil|N.A.|Nil|Nil|
|**Directors**|||||||
|By<br>our<br>Directors|Nil|N.A.|N.A.|N.A.|Nil|Nil|
|Against our<br>Directors|6|Nil|Nil|N.A.|4|13.32|
|**Promoters**|||||||
|By<br>our<br>Promoters|Nil|N.A.|N.A.|N.A.|Nil|Nil|
|Against our<br>Promoters|2|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|13.32|
|**Key Manageria**|**l Personnel**||||||
|By our Key<br>Managerial<br>Personnel|Nil|N.A.|N.A.|N.A.|N.A.|Nil|
|Against our<br>Key<br>Managerial<br>Personnel|2|N.A.|Nil|N.A.|N.A.|13.32|
|**Senior Manag **|**ement**||||||
|By<br>our<br>Senior<br>Management|Nil|N.A.|N.A.|N.A.|N.A.|Nil|
|Against our<br>Senior<br>Management|Nil|N.A.|Nil|N.A.|N.A.|Nil|



> * _To the extent quantifiable_ 

_^ Excludes outstanding taxation proceedings considered material as per the Materiality Policy_ 

107 

Given the nature of our business, there are certain legal proceedings initiated by or involving our Company, sellers, service providers and third party agents. For further details of the proceedings which are pending against us, please see “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation involving our Company_** ” on page 551. In addition, it is possible that there may be litigation, claims or regulatory actions of which we are currently unaware, or any such matters may be initiated against us, directors or senior management in the future, or which may arise from facts and circumstances not presently known to us. Any such current or future proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, could divert our management’s time and attention, consume financial resources and impact our reputation. Further, our directors may be involved in legal proceedings from time to time, including in their capacity as directors or officers of other companies, and adverse rulings in such matters may affect our reputation. For details of certain such outstanding proceedings, please see “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation involving our Directors_** ” on page 554. 

Furthermore, unfavourable orders could have an adverse impact on our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. We cannot assure you that these legal proceedings will be decided in our favour and that no further liability will arise out of these proceedings or would not have a material adverse effect on the reputation, business, operations and financial condition of our Company. Even if we are successful in defending such cases, we may be subject to legal and other costs incurred pursuant to defending such litigation, and such costs may be substantial and not recoverable. Our Company is in the process of litigating the pending matters and based on the assessment in accordance with applicable accounting standards, our Company has made provision for certain disputed matters in general and in the event of any adverse rulings in these proceedings or consequent levy of penalties including for amounts beyond the provisions currently made by us, we may need to make payments or make further provisions for future payments, which may increase expenses and current or contingent liabilities. 

## **_21. We may not be able to deploy our Net Proceeds of the Offer on time. Any such delays could impact our ability to realise the benefits of the Net Proceeds._** 

We intend to utilise a portion of Net Proceeds for investment in our cloud infrastructure, payment of salaries of our existing and replacement hires for the Machine Learning and AI and technology teams for AI and technology development **_,_** and marketing and brand building initiatives. Various risks and uncertainties, such as economic trends and business requirements, competitive landscape, as well as general factors affecting our cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and access to capital and including those set forth in this section, may limit or delay our efforts to use Net Proceeds to achieve profitable growth in our business. Further, the outcome of this expenditure and investment is not ascertainable or quantifiable at this stage and may be disproportionate to the revenue generated. Further, our growth initiatives and expansion plans could be delayed due to failure to receive regulatory approvals, technical difficulties, human resource, technological or other resource constraints, or for other unforeseen reasons, events or circumstances. Accordingly, use of Net Proceeds for other purposes identified by our management may not result in actual growth of our business, increased profitability or an increase in the value of our business and your investment. 

## **_22. Any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders’ approval._** 

We intend to utilise the Net Proceeds of the Offer as set forth in “ **_Objects of the Offer_** ” on page 204. In accordance with Sections 13(8) and 27 of the Companies Act, 2013, and applicable rules and Regulation 59 and Schedule XX of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, our Company shall not vary the Objects without being authorised to do so by our Shareholders by way of a special resolution through a postal ballot. At this stage, we cannot determine with any certainty if we would require any part of or the entirety of the Net Proceeds to meet any other expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of the competitive 

108 

environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to undertake variation in the disclosed utilization of Net Proceeds, and consequently we may not be able to obtain the Shareholders’ approval in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability to obtain such Shareholders’ approval may adversely affect our business or operations. In light of these factors, we may not be able to undertake a variation of Objects of the Offer to use any unutilised Net Proceeds of the Offer, if any, even if such variations are in our interest. This may restrict our ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition by re-deploying the unutilised portion of the Net Proceeds, if any, or varying the terms of any contract, which may adversely affect our business, cash flows and results of operations. 

## **_23. We started our content commerce business in Fiscal 2024 and have limited operating history in operating this business. Further, our failure to attract and retain content partners could have an adverse impact on our business._** 

Content creators are individuals who create and host short form videos and live streams on Meesho and third party social media platforms to enhance the shopping experience of our consumers. Sellers can engage the services of content creators through our platform to promote their products on Meesho and social media platforms. In the last twelve months period ended September 30, 2025, September 30, 2024, and Fiscal 2025, 50,319, 13,659, and 27,836 Active Content Creators were listed on our platform, respectively. Due to our limited operating history, the nascency of content commerce in India and our rapid growth profile, our future operating results may be hard to predict, and our historical results may not be indicative of, or comparable to, our future results. We cannot assure you that this business initiative will be successful and that we will be able to attract and retain content creators on our platform including maintaining relationships with third-party affiliate partners who also provide access to content creators. For instance, we recently terminated a contract with one such partner owing to breach of terms of the contract post which the partner initiated arbitration proceedings. This termination did not have a material impact on our operations. Further, as we depend on content creators to continue to post video content on third party social media platforms, any disruption or unavailability of these platforms would also impact our ability to offer this service to sellers. 

Further, we may be subject to intellectual property law (including Indian copyright law) violations for content that is posted by content creators on Meesho and third party social media platforms. While we have not faced material instances of corresponding violations, there is no assurance that violations will not occur in the future which could require us to expend resources to defend such claims or delisting the content from Meesho and third party social media platforms. We are also exposed to risks of content creators using our brand to post content on Meesho or other social media platforms on topics that could harm public sentiment. While we have not faced material instances of such posts in the six months period ended September 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024, and Fiscals 2025 and 2024 _,_ there is no assurance that our platform will not be misused in the future which could have an adverse impact on our reputation and brand. See “ **_- Failure to protect our intellectual property rights may affect our business, cash flow and results of operations. Further, failure to identify and bring down unauthorised content posted by stakeholders on Meesho could adversely impact our reputation and business_** ” on page 104. 

109 

**_24. Sellers across Gujarat, Uttar Pradesh and Delhi constituted 15.70%, 15.87% and 13.78% of our total Annual Transacting Seller base for the last twelve months period ended September 30, 2025. This geographic concentration exposes us to region specific risks, including potential business disruptions arising from natural disasters, regional unrest or regulatory changes, any of which could adversely impact our network, fulfilment operations and overall platform performance._** 

We are exposed to geographic concentration of our sellers. The following table provides the concentration of our Annual Transacting Sellers across states in India for the periods/years indicated: 

|**Particulars**|**Last twel**<br>**per**<br>**Sep  **|**ve months**<br>**iod ended**<br>**tember 30,**||**Fiscal**||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2025**|**2024**|**2025**|**2024**|**2023**|
|Annual Transacting Sellers|706,471|440,824|513,757|423,749|449,966|
|% of Annual Transacting Sellers from Gujarat|15.70%|17.63%|16.95%|18.72%|20.17%|
|% of Annual Transacting Sellers from Uttar<br>Pradesh|15.87%|15.17%|15.65%|14.37%|12.73%|
|% of Annual Transacting Sellers from Delhi|13.78%|16.54%|15.33%|17.09%|16.20%|
|% of Annual Transacting Sellers from<br>Rajasthan|8.91%|10.01%|9.67%|10.57%|11.38%|
|% Annual Transacting Sellers from other<br>regions|45.74%|40.65%|42.40%|39.25%|39.52%|



Any adverse developments in these regions, such as regulatory changes, network disruptions, natural disasters, infrastructure constraints, or sociopolitical disturbances, could limit the assortment of products on our platform, potentially affecting the pricing of products on our platform and the timely dispatch of orders. Although we strive to expand our seller base across geographies to mitigate such risks, there is no assurance that we will be able to reduce our dependence on these key regions in the near term. While we have not experienced disruptions that materially affected sellers within the aforementioned states in the last twelve months period ended September 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024 **_,_** and in Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, any disruptions within these regions could have an adverse impact on our business, operations, and results of operations. 

## **_25. Examination report issued by our Statutory auditors discloses certain modifications included in their auditor’s report issued on the consolidated financial statements in the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, and report of our Previous Auditor on our financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2023._** 

Our Statutory auditors in their auditor’s report issued on the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, and our Previous Auditor in their auditor’s report on our financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2023 have reported the below modifications: 

- Fiscals 2023 – 2025: Incomplete daily backups of electronic records on India-based servers; 

- Fiscals 2024 and 2025: Absence of enabled audit trail features in some accounting software; 

- Fiscal 2025: Audit trail has not been preserved as per the statutory requirements for record retention, to the extent it was not enabled and recorded. 

Our Company utilizes third-party cloud service providers to support its technology and operational requirements. Under applicable law, companies are required to maintain a daily backup of their books of account and other relevant books and papers that are maintained in electronic mode on servers 

110 

physically located in India. In certain cases, our Company and Subsidiaries do not have servers physically located in India, and daily backups of such records are also not maintained. In other cases, while the servers are located in India, daily backups are presently not maintained. Our Company and its Subsidiaries are in the process of implementing measures to ensure that the maintenance and backup of all such electronic records are undertaken in accordance with applicable law. However, there can be no assurance that these measures will be completed within the anticipated timelines or that delays in compliance will not attract regulatory scrutiny. 

There is no assurance that our Statutory Auditors’ reports for any future financial period will not contain similar matters. These relate primarily to system configurations and backup processes, and will not otherwise affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

**_26. We depend on the performance of Promoters, Key Managerial Personnel, and senior management team and other qualified and skilled personnel, and if we are unable to attract, retain, and motivate these and other well qualified employees, our business could be harmed._** 

Our success depends on the continued contributions of our Promoters, Key Managerial Personnel, and senior management team. While changes in leadership or key roles may occur from time to time due to the hiring or departure of personnel, we seek to manage transitions carefully to minimise disruption. Nonetheless, the unexpected loss of one or more key individuals could adversely affect our business operations, financial condition, and results. 

We operate in a highly competitive environment for skilled talent, particularly in technology roles. To attract and retain employees, we offer competitive compensation and benefits and invest in recruitment, training, and integration efforts. These activities require significant financial and management resources, and there is no guarantee that we will realise the expected benefits from these investments. If we are unable to effectively manage our hiring needs, integrate new employees, or retain key personnel, our operational efficiency, ability to meet business goals, and employee engagement could be negatively affected, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 

The following table sets forth our employee benefits expenses and employee attrition rate for the periods/years indicated. 

||**Six months**<br><br>|**period ended**<br>**September 30**<br>||**Fiscal**<br>||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2025**|**2024**|**2025**|**2024**|**2023**|
|Employee benefits expense_(₹ in_<br>_million)_ **(A)**|4,450.40|4,133.72|8,481.81|7,577.03|7,282.50|
|Total expenses_(₹ in million)_ **(B)**|62,909.07|45,689.21|100,093.30|81,737.75|75,695.93|
|Employee benefits expense as a % of<br>Total expenses**(A/B)**|7.07%|9.05%|8.47%|9.27%|9.62%|
|Total number of full time employees<br>(#)<sup>(1)</sup>|2,082|1,540|1,656|1,326|1,710|
|Employee attrition rate<sup>(2)</sup>(%)|14.98%<sup>(3)</sup>|19.75%<sup>(3)</sup>|33.94%|52.04%|53.45%|



_Notes:_ 

_(1) The total number of full time employees provided in this table is the total number of full time employees as on the last day of the respective period._ 

_(2) Employee attrition rate is calculated as the total number of full time employee exits during a given period, divided by the average number of full time employees as on beginning and end of the period._ 

_(3) Not annualised for the six months period ended September 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024._ 

111 

In Fiscal 2023, the employee attrition rate was 53.45% primarily because of a scale down of the grocery business, certain performance-based exits and transition of certain employees from full time employees to third party contractors. In Fiscal 2024, the employee attrition rate was 52.04% primarily because of an internal reorganization of certain departments of our Company and performance-based exits. Any significant increase in our employee attrition could adversely impact our reputation and operations. 

## **_27. Seasonality, occasions and holidays may cause fluctuations in our sales and results of operations._** 

Seasonality, festivals, and regional holidays in India may cause fluctuations in the number of orders placed and shipped on our platform. For example, order volumes may spike around festivals such as Diwali, Dussehra and Eid. Moreover, other seasonal trends may develop, or these existing seasonal trends may become more extreme, causing a change in consumer behaviour. This in turn could contribute to an increase in the order fluctuations on our platform, and in turn adversely affect our results of operations. 

**_28. Our Company has historically relied on equity funding from Meesho Inc., our predecessor holding company, to finance marketing expenses, and proposes to utilise a portion of the Net Proceeds towards investment in Meesho Technologies Private Limited, our Subsidiary (“MTPL”), for expenditure towards marketing and brand initiatives in Fiscal 2027 and Fiscal 2028. Any increased fund requirements for marketing expenses in the future may be required to be financed by our internal accruals and/ or by availing debt._** 

Our Company has funded its marketing expenses in the last three Fiscals largely through proceeds from equity financing invested by Meesho Inc., our predecessor holding company, into our Company. Based on past expenditure, management estimates, current circumstances of business, targeted growth of the platform and prevailing market conditions, our Company intends to utilize ₹10,200 million of the Net Proceeds to invest in Subsidiary, MTPL, for marketing and brand building. Our Company intends to deploy ₹4,800 million in Fiscal 2027 and ₹5,400 million in Fiscal 2028 for such purposes. Depending upon operational requirements, our advertising and marketing plans may vary in terms of deployment towards brand campaigns, performance marketing, influencer-driven content commerce or seasonal campaigns. Any increased fund requirements in relation to the above may be financed by our internal accruals and/or availing future debt from lenders. If the Net Proceeds allocated to investment in MTPL for expenditure towards marketing is insufficient, or there is an inability to allocate internal accruals or procure debt in respect of any surplus marketing expenditure, this could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain users, brand recognition, and overall financial performance, or we may be required to reduce, defer, or otherwise curtail our marketing spend. 

## **_29. We may enter into related party transactions that may involve conflicts of interest, which could adversely impact our business._** 

We may engage, in transactions with such related parties, in the ordinary course of business, on an arm’s length basis. For further information on all our related party transactions, see “ **_Other Financial Information - Related Party Transactions_** ” beginning 500. We cannot assure you that any such future transactions will be in the interest of our Company and minority shareholders or will perform as expected. Any future transactions with our related parties could potentially involve conflicts of interest which may be detrimental to our Company, and we cannot assure you that such conflicts of interest will be resolved in our favour. The transactions with our related parties have been conducted in the ordinary course of business, in accordance with the provisions of applicable laws and on an arm’s length basis and have not been prejudicial to the interests of our Company. It is likely that we will continue to enter into such related party transactions in the future. Some of these transactions may require capital outlay and there can be no assurance that we will be able to make a return on these investments. Although related party transactions that we may enter into will be subject to our audit committee, board of 

112 

directors or shareholder approval, as may be required under the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI Listing Regulations, we cannot assure you that such future transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will perform as expected/ result in the benefit envisaged therein, or that we could not have undertaken such transactions on more favourable terms with any unrelated parties. 

## **_30. We operate in a complex regulatory and tax environment and exercise judgment on various legal matters; inadvertent non-compliances or differing regulatory interpretations may result in penalties or affect our operations._** 

We are required to comply with a range of legal and regulatory obligations, including periodic filings and disclosures under applicable laws such as the Companies Act, 2013. In the event of inadvertent errors or non-compliance in these filings or disclosures, we may be subject to regulatory scrutiny or penalties. Further, in the ordinary course of business, we make reasoned determinations, often in consultation with our legal and tax advisors, on the interpretation and applicability of various legal, regulatory, and tax provisions. This includes matters relating to marketing practices, promotional campaigns, platform policies, and consumer or seller engagement initiatives. Certain of these areas involve legal ambiguity, evolving regulatory expectations, or limited precedent. Regulatory or tax authorities may adopt a different view from ours. For instance, during Fiscal 2025, the Income Tax Authorities disputed certain allowances claimed by our Company and made additions to the taxable income declared for assessment year 2022-2023. For further details, see “ **_Our Litigation and Material Developments – Tax claims involving our Company, Directors, Subsidiaries and Promoters – Details of material tax claims involving our Company_** ” on page 558. In such cases, we may be required to modify or discontinue certain practices, or may become subject to penalties, audits, or enforcement actions. In addition, as an e-commerce platform, we are subject to various regulations governing advertising and promotional activities, including those issued by the Advertising Standards Council of India and other relevant authorities. These developments could increase compliance costs, negatively impact the appeal of our platform, or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations, and prospects. For examples of ongoing regulatory disputes, see “ - **_We have contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37 – Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets and our financial condition could be adversely affected if any of these contingent liabilities materialise_** ” on page 100. 

## **_31. Any significant increase in product returns on our platform, could cause sellers to reduce their engagement on our platform. This could cause a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

The following table provides details of Return Orders on our platform for the periods/years indicated: 

|**Particulars**|**Six months**<br>|**period ended**<br>**September 30**<br> <br>||**Fiscal**<br>||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2025**|<br>**2024**|**2025**|**2024**|**2023**|
|Shipped Orders_(in million)_|1,077.82|<br>713.98|1,587.94|1,146.38|866.93|
|Return Orders<sup>(1)</sup> _(in million)_|84.64|<br>53.28|120.20|90.40|64.32|
|Return Orders as a Percentage of Shipped<br>Orders(%)|7.85%|<br>7.46%|7.57%|7.89%|7.42%|



> _(1) Return Orders refer to the number of Placed Orders that were returned by customers after successful delivery on our marketplace within a given period, irrespective of whether the return occurred in the given period or later._ 

While we have not faced material instances in the past, any significant increase in product returns on our platform, could cause sellers to reduce their engagement on our platform and also increase their costs to operate on our platform. This could cause a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

113 

**_32. We use a variety of prepaid payment mechanisms. Any failure of these payment mechanisms could impact consumers’ ability to pay for their orders, which in turn could impact our business._** 

We support a range of prepaid payment methods such as UPI, credit and debit cards, wallets, and net banking. We rely on third party payment gateway providers to process prepaid transactions. Any disruption, especially during peak periods such as festivals or sales events, could lead to transaction failures, reduced order conversion rates, and negative consumer experience. On May 5, 2025, we experienced disruptions in payment processing due to issues in third party infrastructure, which led to payment page load failures on our platform and impacted the processing of prepaid orders. While we took immediate mitigation steps, including temporarily disabling the prepaid payment option, and these disruptions did not materially impact our operations, any future disruptions in third party payment systems could adversely affect consumer experience and our business operations. Outages may arise from gateway downtime, infrastructure failures, or external factors beyond our control. Except as disclosed above, we have not experienced material outages in payment systems in the six months period ended September 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024, and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, and while we have implemented fallback mechanisms, there can be no assurance that such incidents will not occur in the future. Prolonged or frequent disruptions may impair consumer trust and adversely impact our operations and financial results. 

We rely on UPI infrastructure to support a significant portion of our prepaid transactions on our platform. However, if the quality, reliability, or consumer experience of UPI services were to deteriorate, it could impact the overall attractiveness of our offerings. For instance, there have been several instances of nationwide UPI outages due to system failures. While such incidents are infrequent, any prolonged or repeated disruption may adversely affect the consumer experience on our platform. 

For risks related to CoD, see “ **_- A large portion of orders on Meesho are paid using cash on delivery (“CoD”). In the six months period ended September 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024, and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, 72.00%, 78.51%, 76.95%, 85.39% and 88.71%, respectively, of Shipped Orders were on CoD basis. CoD reduces the rate of successful deliveries and increases operational inefficiencies and risks related to cash handling_** ” on page 96. 

**_33. Certain of our Subsidiaries are focused on making investments in new businesses and have incurred losses in the six months period ended September 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024, and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023. If they continue to incur losses, we may be required to continue providing financial support to them which may adversely affect our consolidated cash flows, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are making investments in new businesses, including financial services and local logistics network (for daily essentials) through our subsidiaries, and expect to continue allocating significant capital and resources to such areas. For more details, see “ **_Our Business – Our Strategies_** ” starting on page 345. We have no operating history in running these businesses. In addition, these sectors are highly competitive, rapidly evolving, and subject to complex regulatory environments. As such, these initiatives involve considerable execution, compliance, and market risks. There can be no assurance that these investments will achieve profitability or deliver the strategic or financial returns we anticipate, and our subsidiaries may continue to incur losses. The table below presents our subsidiaries’ share of total comprehensive (loss)/ income for the periods/years indicated. 

|**Particulars**|**Six months**<br>**S**|**period ended**<br>**eptember 30**||**Fiscal**||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2025**|**2024**|**2025**|**2024**|**2023**|
|Meesho Payments Private Limited (_₹ in million_)|(134.67)|(112.49)|(260.39)|(92.33)|(9.40)|



114 

|**Particulars**|**Six months**<br>**S**|**period ended**<br>**eptember 30**||**Fiscal**||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2025**|**2024**|**2025**|**2024**|**2023**|
|Meesho Grocery Private Limited (_₹ in million_)*|(293.86)|(584.74)|(792.89)|-|-|



_* MGPL was incorporated on March 18, 2024 and total comprehensive (loss)/ income provided above for Fiscal 2025 is for the period ended March 31, 2025 from the incorporation date._ 

In the event these subsidiaries continue to incur losses, we may need to provide financial support which may adversely affect our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

## **_34. There have been certain instances of delays in payment of statutory dues by our Company in the past. Any delay in payment of statutory dues by our Company in future, may result in the imposition of penalties and in turn may have an adverse effect on our Company’s business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows._** 

Our Company is required to pay certain statutory dues including provident fund contributions and employee state insurance contributions under the Employees’ State Insurance Act, 1948, respectively, and professional taxes. The table below sets forth the details of the statutory dues paid by our Company in relation to its employees for the periods/years indicated below: 

|**Particulars**|**Six months**<br>**period ended**<br>**September 30,**<br>**2025**|**Six months**<br>**period ended**<br>**September 30,**<br>**2024**|**Fiscal 2025**|**Fiscal 2024**|**Fiscal 2023**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Provident fund<br>_(₹ in million)_|90.13|77.56|157.89|152.42|193.76|
|Number of<br>employees for||||||
|whom provident<br>fund has been|2,362|1,824|2,163|2,115|2,626|
|paid||||||
|Professional tax<br>_(₹ in million)_|2.62|1.78|3.72|3.32|4.67|
|Number of<br>employees for<br>whom<br>professional tax<br>has beenpaid|2,342|1,803|2,148|2,110|2,712|
|Labour welfare<br>fund (“LWF”)_(₹_<br>_in million)_|-|-|0.10|0.08|0.11|
|Number of||||||
|employees for<br>whom LWF has|-|-|1,633|1,325|1,895|
|beenpaid||||||
|Tax deducted at||||||
|source on<br>salaries (“TDS”)<br>_(₹ in million)_|1,182.25|493.99|8,369.53|1,705.14|1,317.42|
|Number of||||||
|employees for<br>whom TDS has|1,962|1,615|1,787|1,926|2,246|
|beenpaid||||||
|Tax deducted at<br>source on other|2,108.36|1,629.50|2,417.02|2,833.73|2,311.79|
|than salaries_(₹ _||||||



115 

|**Particulars**|**Six months**<br>**period ended**<br>**September 30,**<br>**2025**|**Six months**<br>**period ended**<br>**September 30,**<br>**2024**|**Fiscal 2025**|**Fiscal 2024**|**Fiscal 2023**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|_in million)_||||||
|GST_(₹ in_<br>_million)_|14,070.20|8,946.39|18,478.47|16,300.99|12,301.04|



_Note: The count of employees for respective statutory dues represents the count of employees for whom the Company has deducted the above dues as per the payroll register._ 

Further, the table below sets out details of the delays in statutory dues payable by our Company for the periods/years indicated: 

|**Particulars**|**Amount Delayed**<br>**_(₹ in million)_**|**Number of**<br>**Instances**|**Number of days**<br>**delayed**|
|---|---|---|---|
|**Provident fund**||||
|For the six months period ended September<br>30, 2025|5.73|2|1-7 days|
|For the six months period ended September<br>30, 2024|0.91|6|51-129 days|
|For Fiscal 2025|0.91|8|26-129 days|
|For Fiscal 2024|0.71|39|1-495 days|
|For Fiscal 2023|1.50|57|22-860 days|
|**Professional taxes**||||
|For the six months period ended September<br>30, 2025|-|-|-|
|For the six months period ended September<br>30, 2024|-|-|-|
|For Fiscal 2025|-|-|-|
|For Fiscal 2024|0.26|1|16 days|
|For Fiscal 2023|-|-|-|
|**TDS on salaries**||||
|For the six months period ended September<br>30, 2025|4.84|1|53 days|
|For the six months period ended September<br>30, 2024|-|-|-|
|For Fiscal 2025|-|-|-|
|For Fiscal 2024|0.69|1|121 days|
|For Fiscal 2023|-|-|-|
|**GST**||||
|For the six months period ended September<br>30, 2025|-|-|-|
|For the six months period ended September<br>30, 2024|-|-|-|
|For Fiscal 2025|-|-|-|
|For Fiscal 2024|0.10|1|1 Day|
|For Fiscal 2023|87.11|3|1 Day|



Delays in provident fund payments during Fiscals 2024 and 2023 were primarily due to the time taken to complete KYC procedures and issues related to the submission of KYC documentation by the relevant employee. Our Company has taken steps to ensure the completion of the KYC process by employees at the time of on-boarding, in order to avoid such delays in the future. In Fiscal 2025 and the six months period ended September 30, 2024, certain delays were mainly attributable to the 

116 

disbursement of salary revision arrears, wherein the revised salaries were paid at a later date. Our Company has taken steps such as release of revised salaries in accordance with the usual monthly salary disbursements to avoid such delays. In addition, the delay in professional tax payment in Fiscal 2024 resulted from technical issues encountered on the filing portal. The delay in TDS payment during Fiscal 2024 was due to technical difficulties experienced on the payment page on the due date, which led to a delay in making the payment. Delays in GST filings during Fiscals 2024 and 2023 were also caused by technical issues on the GST portal. In addition, for the six months period ended September 30, 2025 , there was a delay in the payment of provident fund contributions by MTPL due to the delay in issuance of its EPFO registration. In addition, in one of the cases the employee did not generate his UAN and the delay in TDS payment was on account of a payment process issue, wherein the TDS was originally required to be paid by MPPL but was instead paid by the Company, resulting in additional time required to rectify the same. While these delays and the amounts relating thereto were not material, we cannot assure that there will be no delays in the future. Any such delay could also result in penalties or interest. Also, from time to time we receive notices or queries from labour authorities in connection with employee related matters. We respond to such notices or queries and take the necessary corrective actions. However, there can be no assurance that such authorities will find our responses satisfactory and not initiate proceedings/ impose penalties. Any delay in payment of statutory dues or imposition of penalties by statutory authorities could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and reputation. 

## **_35. Our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale portion amounting to ₹[●] million, and the Selling Shareholders shall be entitled to the Offer Proceeds to the extent of the Equity Shares offered by them in the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer includes an offer for sale of such number of Equity Shares aggregating up to 105,513,839 Equity Shares amounting to ₹[●] million by the Selling Shareholders. The Offer for Sale as a percentage of the Offer is [●]% and amounts to ₹[●] million out of the total Offer of ₹[●] million. The Selling Shareholders are, therefore, interested in the Offer Proceeds to the extent of the Equity Shares offered by them in the Offer for Sale. As on the date of this RHP, our Promoters hold 18.50% of our pre-Offer paid-up Equity Share capital. The entire proceeds (net of applicable offer related expenses) from the Offer for Sale will be paid to the Selling Shareholders in proportion to their respective portions of the Offered Shares transferred pursuant to the Offer for Sale, and our Company will not receive any such proceeds. See “ **_Objects of the Offer_** ” on page 204. 

## **_36. We rely primarily on third party insurance policies to insure our operations related risks. If our insurance coverage is inadequate, it may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations._** 

We maintain insurance coverage that we believe is typical for companies in our industry and markets, and appropriate for a range of risks, including employees, gratuity, common general liability including for burglary and fire and directors’ and officers’ liability, cyber security, group health and transit policies for loss or damage of goods. However, our insurance coverage may not be adequate to protect us against all potential losses, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. The table below sets forth our insurance cover as a percentage of total assets as of the dates indicated: 

|Particulars|**As of Septem**<br>|**ber 30,**<br>|**As**<br>|**of March**<br>|**31,**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2025**|**2024**|**2025**|**2024**|**2023**|
|Insured tangible assets_(₹ in million)_|466.19|339.26|373.46|354.81|229.30|
|Insurance coverage as a percentage of total<br>tangible assets_(%)_|100%|99.94%|99.99%|99.88%|99.17%|



_Note: Tangible assets refers to property, plant and equipment (excluding leasehold improvements) of the Company, on a consolidated basis._ 

117 

However, our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all potential losses or liabilities that may arise from our operations. Certain types of losses, including those that are difficult to quantify, may not be covered, and our policies are subject to exclusions, limitations, deductibles and conditions that may restrict coverage. Some risks may be uninsurable or not insurable on commercially acceptable terms. Additionally, while there are no past instances of claims that have exceeded liability insurance cover in the six months period ended September 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024, and in Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, our claims history may affect our ability to secure coverage at commercially viable premiums in the future. There is also no assurance that we will be able to maintain existing policies or obtain comparable insurance coverage in the future. If we experience a loss that is uninsured, exceeds policy limits or is subject to claim denial or delay, it could result in significant liabilities and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

## **_37. If we are unable to make strategic acquisitions, investments or alliances, or successfully integrate them with our business, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected._** 

We may evaluate and consider a wide array of investments, acquisitions and strategic alliances in line with our overall business strategy. We propose to utilise a part of our Net Proceeds for inorganic acquisitions and strategic initiatives. For further details, see “ **_Objects of the Offer – Funding inorganic growth through acquisitions and other strategic initiatives and general corporate purposes_** ” on page 219. The successful implementation of acquisitions depends on a range of factors, including funding arrangements, cultural compatibility and integration. These transactions could involve significant challenges and risks, including difficulties in identifying suitable acquisition and competition from other potential acquirers and an appropriate purchase price; potential increases in debt, litigation and other operational costs; and other related risks, all of which could have an adverse effect on our operations. Any acquisition or investment may require a significant amount of capital investment which would decrease the amount of cash available for working capital. In the future, if we borrow funds to finance acquisitions, such debt instruments may contain restrictive covenants that could, among other things, restrict us from distributing dividends. Further, future acquisitions and the subsequent integration of new assets and businesses into our own also require significant attention from our management and could result in a diversion of resources from our existing business, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our operation. 

## **_38. We may utilise a portion of the Net Proceeds to undertake inorganic growth for which the target may not be identified. In the event that our Net Proceeds to be utilised towards inorganic growth initiatives are insufficient for the cost of our proposed inorganic acquisition, we may have to seek alternative forms of funding._** 

We may utilise a certain amount from the Net Proceeds towards potential acquisitions and strategic initiatives. We have not identified any specific targets with whom we have entered into any definitive agreements. See “ **_Objects of the Offer_** ” on page 204. We will from time to time continue to seek attractive inorganic opportunities that will fit well with our strategic business objectives and growth strategies, and the amount of Net Proceeds to be used for acquisitions will be based on decisions of our management and our Board. The amounts deployed from the Net Proceeds towards such initiatives may not be the total value or cost of such acquisitions or investments, resulting in a shortfall in raising requisite capital from the Net Proceeds towards such acquisitions or investments. Such acquisitions may not provide the desired level of synergies or outcomes. Consequently, we may be required to explore a range of options to raise requisite capital, including utilizing our internal accruals and/or seeking debt, including from third party lenders or institutions. 

118 

## **_39. A significant portion of the Net Proceeds will be invested by our Company in Meesho Technologies Private Limited for certain Objects. We cannot assure you that such investment will yield intended results._** 

A significant portion of the Net Proceeds is proposed to be invested in our material subsidiary, MTPL, for various purposes, including investment in (i) cloud infrastructure, (ii) payment of salaries of our existing and replacement hires for the Machine Learning and AI and technology teams for AI and technology development, and (iii) marketing and brand building initiatives. For further details, please see “ **_Objects of the Offer – Schedule of implementation and deployment of Net Proceeds_** ” on page 206. There can be no assurance that the investments in MTPL in relation to cloud infrastructure, AI and technology development, and marketing and brand building will yield the anticipated results or contribute to our growth as expected. The success of these investments is subject to various risks, including the ability of MTPL to effectively utilise the funds for the intended purposes, achieve operational efficiencies, and generate anticipated returns. Any failure by MTPL to achieve the expected outcomes could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

## **_40. Failure to renew our current leases or licenses or locate desirable alternatives for our facilities could materially and adversely affect our business._** 

We do not own the premises from where we operate our business. Our Registered Office and Corporate Office, located at 3rd Floor, Wing – E, Helios Business Park, Kadubeesanahalli Village, Varthur Hobli, Outer Ring Road, Bangalore, 560 103, Karnataka, India, is held by us on a leasehold basis. See “ **_Our Business – Our Properties_** ” on page 361, for details on our properties. The tenure of our lease agreement for the Registered and Corporate office expires in 2033. We may not be able to successfully extend or renew such leases upon expiration of the current term on commercially reasonable terms or at all and may therefore be forced to relocate our affected operations. This could disrupt our operations and result in additional costs, including potential relocation expenses which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. In addition, we compete with other businesses for premises at certain locations or of desirable sizes. As a result, even though we could extend or renew our leases, rental costs may increase, including as a result of high demand for properties. In addition, as our business grows, we may face challenges in identifying suitable alternative sites for our facilities, and any delays or difficulties in relocating affected operations could adversely affect our business and operations. 

## **_41. Our Promoters, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management have interests in our Company in addition to their remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Our Promoters, certain of our Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management may be regarded as having an interest in our Company or having benefits other than the reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration or benefits. Certain of our Promoters, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel may be interested to the extent of Equity Shares or ESOPs held by them, as well as to the extent of any dividends, bonuses, or other distributions on such Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that our Promoters, Directors, our Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company under all circumstances. For further details, see “ **_Capital Structure_** ”, “ **_Our Management – Interest of directors_** ”, “ **_Our Promoter and Promoter Group – Interests of Promoters_** ” beginning on pages 163, 394 and 412, respectively. 

119 

## **_42. Grant of ESOPs under our Employee Stock Option Plans may result in a charge to our profit and loss account and, to that extent, affect our results of operations._** 

Our Company may, in the future, continue to issue Equity Shares, including under our ESOP Scheme, at prices that may be lower than the Offer Price, subject to compliance with applicable law. Grants of stock options result in a charge to our statement of profit and loss and affect our financial condition. Any issuances of Equity Shares by our Company, including through exercise of employee stock options pursuant to the ESOP Scheme or any stock option plans that we may implement in the future, may dilute your shareholding in the Company, thereby adversely affecting the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

Further, we may continue to introduce such employee stock option schemes in the future, where we issue options to our employees at a discount to the market price of the Equity Shares, which may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. The holders of our Equity Shares may experience dilution of their shareholding to the extent that we issue any Equity Shares pursuant to any options issued under our employee stock option schemes. 

## **_43. The price at which our Company has issued Equity Shares during the last one year from the date of this RHP may not be indicative of the future price._** 

The prices at which Equity Shares were issued by us in the past year should not be taken to be indicative of the Price Band, Offer Price and the trading price of our Equity Shares after listing. For more details on the reorganization, see “ **_Notes to Capital Structure - Equity share capital history of our Company_** ” and “ **_Notes to Capital Structure - Preference share capital history of our Company_** ” on pages 164 and 172. Further, see “ **_- In Fiscal 2025 we undertook a strategic reorganization of our Company. Such reorganizations resulted in, and may result in, significant costs in the future_** ” on page 105. 

## **_44. We may require additional capital to support the growth of our business and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all._** 

We have primarily funded our operations through equity financing and revenue from our business. As we continue to invest in growth, innovation, marketing, and infrastructure, we may require additional capital. This may involve future equity or debt financing, which may not be available on favorable terms or at all. Issuing new securities could dilute existing shareholders and may carry rights senior to our Equity Shares. Additional debt, if incurred, could impose restrictive covenants that limit our operational flexibility. As capital raising decisions depend on various factors, beyond our control—we cannot predict the timing, amount, or terms of any future financing. Failure to secure adequate funding on favorable terms could impair our ability to grow and respond to business needs, adversely affecting our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 

## **_45. We may not be able to pay dividends in the future._** 

Our Company’s ability to distribute dividends will depend on certain financial parameters and internal and external factors which will be considered before declaration of dividend by our Board. Such parameters and factors include profitability, cash flows, Company’s financial performance including revenue growth, profitability, return on equity and other key financial metrics, capital expenditure plans, debt covenants, regulatory and legal compliance and shareholder expectations. In addition, the ability of our Company to pay dividends may be impacted by a number of factors, including restrictive covenants under the loan or financing arrangements our Company avails to finance our funding requirements for our business activities. Further, our Company has not declared and paid any dividend on the Equity Shares and Preference Shares of our Company from April 1, 2025 until the date of this RHP, and during the six months period ended September 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024, and 

120 

Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023. Decisions regarding the declaration and distribution of dividends are at the discretion of our Board and will be made in line with our dividend distribution policy. These decisions will be based on a variety of considerations that our Board considers pertinent, such as the factors outlined above. For further details, see “ **_Dividend Policy_** ” on page 415. 

## **_46. If we are unable to obtain, renew or maintain the statutory permits, approvals and licenses necessary for the operation of our business, our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected._** 

In the course of our business operations, we are required to obtain various approvals, licenses, registrations, authorizations and permits, and make necessary registrations and notice filings with governmental, statutory and regulatory authorities at the district, state and central government levels. Certain licenses, authorizations and approvals may expire in the ordinary course, and we would be required to obtain renewals in a timely manner. We have applied or are in the process of applying for additional approvals, including the renewal of approvals which may expire from time to time for our operations in the ordinary course of business or on account of change in the name of our Company. Given the dynamic nature of regulatory frameworks in the regions which we operate, we may also need to obtain additional licenses and approvals as new regulations are enacted. 

In addition, the licenses, authorizations, and approvals we have obtained are subject to various conditions. We cannot guarantee our ability to continuously fulfil such conditions, and there can be no assurance that the government or other regulatory bodies will not impose onerous requirements and conditions on our operations or that the relevant authorities will renew the expired licenses and approvals in the anticipated time frame or at all. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that the approvals, licenses, registrations, consents and permits issued to us will not be cancelled, suspended or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action and we may be subject to penalty and other statutory and regulatory actions. In addition, if we are found to be in violation of applicable licensing requirements by a court or a state, federal, or local enforcement agency, or agree to resolve such concerns by voluntary agreement, we could be subject to or required to pay fines, damages, injunctive relief (including required modification or discontinuation of our business in certain areas), criminal penalties, and other penalties or consequences. 

The material approvals required for our business and operations and for our Material Subsidiaries for which applications are pending before relevant authorities to obtain the registrations or renewals are as follows: 

|**Sr. No.**|**Description**|**Registration /**<br>**Renewal**|**Authority**|**Date of application**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**_Compan_**|**_y_**||||
|_1._|_Registration for the_<br>_extended_<br>_producers_<br>_responsibility_<br>_(EPR) license for_<br>_our Company_<br>_under the Plastic_<br>_Waste_<br>_Management_<br>_Rules, 2016_|_Registration_|_Central Pollution Control_<br>_Board_|_December 18, 2024_|
|**_MTPL_**|||||
|1.|_Registration under_<br>_the Contract_<br>_Labour_|_Registration_|_Labour Department_|_August 6, 2025_|



121 

|**Sr. No.**|**Description**|**Registration /**<br>**Renewal**|**Authority**|**Date of application**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
||_(Regulation and_<br>_Abolition) Act,_<br>_1970 with the_<br>_department of_<br>_labour under_<br>_applicable state_<br>_legislations_||||



For details, see “ **_Government and Other Approvals – II. Material Approvals for business and operations for which applications are pending_** ” on page 562. 

The validity of certain approvals obtained by us expire in the ordinary course of business, from time to time. Our Company will apply to the appropriate authorities to renew any such approvals in accordance with applicable law, requirements, and procedures. 

Further, if any material license, permit, or regulatory approval is withdrawn, revoked, or not renewed, we may be subject to adverse action on account of such non-compliance or alleged non-compliance, which could affect our revenue from operations, growth prospects, and financial condition. 

## **_47. Certain sections of this RHP contain information from the Redseer Report which has been exclusively commissioned and paid for by us in relation to the Offer and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in this offering is subject to inherent risks._** 

We have exclusively commissioned and paid for a report titled “ _E-commerce industry overview and evolution_ ” dated November 21, 2025 (the “ **Redseer Report** ”) from Redseer Strategy Consultants Private Limited (“ **Redseer** ”), an independent third party agency, to provide industry and market data for inclusion in this RHP. Certain information contained herein is based on, or derived from, the Redseer Report. The Redseer Report is based on methodologies, estimates, projections, and assumptions that are subject to inherent limitations and may differ from our internal data. It also reflects information available as of specific dates and may not represent current conditions or trends. Accordingly, any information in this RHP derived from, or based on, the Redseer Report should be read taking into consideration the foregoing. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts, and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. The Redseer Report is subject to various limitations and based upon certain assumptions that are subjective in nature. Statements from third parties that involve estimates are subject to change, and actual amounts may differ materially from those included in this RHP. The Redseer Report does not constitute investment advice or a recommendation to invest or disinvest in any company, including ours. Accordingly, prospective investors should not place undue reliance on information derived from the Redseer Report and are advised to consult their own advisors and conduct an independent assessment before making any investment decision related to the Offer. Due to the limitations and assumptions underlying the Redseer Report, investors may not have legal recourse for any loss arising from reliance on such information. You should consult your own advisors and undertake an independent assessment of information in this RHP based on, or derived from, the Redseer Report before making any investment decision regarding the Offer. 

122 

**_48. Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of Net Proceeds of the Offer are based on management estimates and have not been independently appraised by a bank or a financial institution and if there are any delays or cost overruns, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

We intend to use the Net Proceeds as set forth in “ **_Objects of the Offer_** ” on page 204. The Objects of the Offer have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution or other independent agency. The proposed utilisation of Net Proceeds is based on our current business plan, historic expenses and internal management estimates based on the prevailing market conditions and is subject to a number of factors. Some factors include the timing of completion of the Offer, market conditions, our Board’s analysis of economic trends and business requirements, competitive landscape, as well as general factors affecting our results of operations and financial condition, which may be beyond the control of our management. Similarly, deployment of marketing and brand building initiatives in any particular media or through any particular marketing channel or platform, would be contingent on various factors, such as the nature of the advertising campaign, ratings or expected viewership or customer reach, targeted geographies and platforms, time slots or user segments, and our overall business and marketing plans. Maintaining and improving our marketing strategies involve expenditures which may be disproportionate to the revenue generated and customer acquired. Depending upon such factors, we may have to reduce or extend the deployment period for the stated Objects, at the discretion of our management, and in accordance with applicable laws. Further, pending utilisation of Net Proceeds towards the Objects of the Offer, our Company will temporarily invest the funds from the Net Proceeds only with scheduled commercial banks included in the second schedule of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934, as amended. In the event that the estimated utilization of the Net Proceeds in a scheduled Fiscal is not completely met, including due to the reasons stated above, the same shall be utilised in the next Fiscal, as may be determined by our Company, in accordance with applicable laws. Our Company shall not vary the Objects unless our Company is authorised to do so by way of a special resolution of its Shareholders and such variation will be in accordance with the applicable laws including the Companies Act and the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Our internal management estimates may not be accurate or otherwise exceed fair market value or the value that would have been determined by third party appraisals, which may require us to reschedule or reallocate expenditure, and may lead us to require additional funds to implement the purposes of the Offer, all of which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In case of increase in actual expenses or shortfall in requisite funds, additional funds for a particular activity will be met by any means available to us, including internal accruals and additional equity and/ or debt arrangements, and may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Accordingly, at this stage, we cannot determine with any certainty if we will require the Net Proceeds to meet any other expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of the competitive environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. 

## **_49. We have not entered into any definitive arrangements to utilise certain portions of the Net Proceeds of the Offer and the costs to be incurred in relation to such Objects are based on certain proposals/ quotations and/or financial commitments._** 

We intend to utilise a portion of the Net Proceeds for investment in our material subsidiary, MTPL, for cloud infrastructure, in respect of which we have obtained proposals/ quotations from certain service providers. While such proposals/ quotations are valid as on the date of this RHP, we have not entered into any definitive agreements for certain portions of the Net Proceeds and there can be no assurance that such service providers would be engaged or at the same costs. Similarly, while our Company has indicated an estimated spend over the next three years with one of our existing marketing agencies pursuant to the Object on marketing and brand building initiatives, no assurance can be given that all or any of our marketing and brand building activities will be conducted through such agency. 

123 

Further, various risks and uncertainties, such as economic trends and business requirements, competitive landscape, as well as general factors affecting our results of operations, financial condition and access to capital and including those set forth in this section, may limit or delay our efforts to use the Net Proceeds as indicated in this RHP. The outcome of our proposed investment is not ascertainable or quantifiable at this stage and may be disproportionate to the revenue subsequently generated. The utilisation of the Net Proceeds for our Objects could also be delayed due to technical difficulties, technological or other resource constraints, or for other unforeseen reasons, events or circumstances. Accordingly, use of the Net Proceeds for other purposes identified by our management may not result in actual growth of our business, increased profitability or an increase in the value of our business and your investment. 

**_50. We track certain operational and non-GAAP measures with internal systems and tools. Certain of our operational measures are subject to inherent challenges in measurement and any real or perceived inaccuracies in such measures may adversely affect our business and reputation._** 

Certain of our non-GAAP measures such as Net Worth, Return on Net Worth (%), Net Asset Value per share, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA and operational measures presented in this RHP are supplemental measures of our performance and liquidity that is not required by, or presented in accordance with, Ind AS, IFRS or US GAAP. Further, these Non-GAAP measures and operational measures are not a measurement of our financial performance or liquidity under Ind AS, IFRS or US GAAP and should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to cash flows, profit/ (loss) for the years/period or any other measure of financial performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity, profitability or cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities derived in accordance with Ind AS, IFRS or US GAAP. In addition, these non GAAP measures and operational measures are not standardised terms, hence a direct comparison of these Non-GAAP measures and operational measures between companies may not be possible. Other companies may calculate these Non-GAAP measures and operational measures differently from us, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. Although such Non-GAAP measures and operational measures are not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with applicable accounting standards, our Company’s management believes that they are useful to an investor in evaluating us as they are widely used measures to evaluate a company’s operating performance 

Further, these non-GAAP measures and operational measures prepared with internal systems and tools and may differ from estimates or similar measures published by third parties due to differences in sources, methodologies, or the assumptions on which we rely. Limitations may arise in the future with respect to our internal systems and tools, and our methodologies for tracking these measures may change over time, which could result in unexpected changes to our measures, including the measures we publicly disclose. If the internal systems and tools we use to track these measures under count or over count performance or contain algorithmic or other technical errors, the data we report may not be accurate. Limitations or errors with respect to how we measure data or with respect to the data that we measure may affect our understanding of certain details of our business, which could affect our long term strategies. If our operating measures are not accurate representations of our business, if investors do not perceive our operating measures to be accurate or if we discover material inaccuracies with respect to these figures, we expect that our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

124 

## **_51. If we are classified as a passive foreign investment company for U.S. federal income tax purposes, U.S. investors in Equity Shares may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences._** 

A non-U.S. corporation will be classified as a passive foreign investment company (a “ **PFIC** ”) for any taxable year if either: (a) at least 75% of its gross income for such year is “passive income” for purposes of the PFIC rules or (b) at least 50% of the value of its assets (generally determined on the basis of a quarterly average) during such year is attributable to assets that produce or are held for the production of passive income. For this purpose, passive income generally includes, among other things, interest, dividends and other investment income, with certain exceptions. Cash is generally a passive asset for these purposes. The PFIC rules also contain a look-through rule whereby we will be treated as owning our proportionate share of the assets and earning our proportionate share of the income of any other entity in which we own, directly or indirectly, 25% or more (by value) of the equity. Based on the current and anticipated composition of our income, assets (including their expected value based on our anticipated market capitalization immediately following the close of this offering) and operations, although not free from doubt, we do not expect to be treated as a PFIC for the current taxable year. However, our PFIC status depends, in a meaningful part, on the expected value of our unbooked goodwill, which may be determined by reference to the market price of the Equity Shares, and which could fluctuate significantly. Whether we are treated as a PFIC is a factual determination that is made on an annual basis after the close of each taxable year. This determination will depend on, among other things, the ownership and the composition of our income and assets, as well as the value of our assets (which may fluctuate with our market capitalization), from time to time. Among other matters, if our market capitalization is less than anticipated or if it subsequently declines, it may make our classification as a PFIC more likely for the current or future taxable years. The composition of our income and assets may also be affected by how, and how quickly, we use liquid assets and the cash raised in this offering. Moreover, the application of the PFIC rules is unclear in certain respects. The U.S. Internal Revenue Service or a court may disagree with our determinations. Therefore, there can be no assurance that we will not be classified as a PFIC for the current taxable year or for any future taxable year. If we are treated as a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. investor held Equity Shares, such U.S. investor could be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. 

## **_52. We are not, and do not intend to become, regulated as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act and related rules._** 

We have not been and do not intend to become registered as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the U.S. Investment Company Act. Accordingly, unlike registered investment companies, we will not be subject to the vast majority of the provisions of the U.S. Investment Company Act, including provisions that require investment companies to have a majority of disinterested directors, provide limitations on leverage and limit transactions between investment companies and their affiliates. None of these protections or restrictions is or will be applicable to us. If we were to become subject to the U.S. Investment Company Act because of a change of law or otherwise, the various restrictions imposed by the U.S. Investment Company Act, and the substantial costs and burdens of compliance therewith, could adversely affect our operating results and financial performance. Moreover, parties to a contract with an entity that has improperly failed to register as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act may be entitled to cancel or otherwise void their contracts with the unregistered entity, and shareholders in that entity may be entitled to withdraw their investment. We are relying on the exemption provided by section 3(c)(7) of the U.S. Investment Company Act to avoid being required to register as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act and related rules. In order to help ensure compliance with the exemption provided by section 3(c)(7) of the U.S. Investment Company Act, our Company has implemented restrictions on the ownership and transfer of Equity Shares by any persons acquiring our Equity Shares in Offer who are in the United States or who are U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation 

125 

S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the U.S. Securities Act), which may materially affect your ability to transfer our Equity Shares. 

## **EXTERNAL RISKS** 

## **_53. Any downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and profitability._** 

Our Company is incorporated in India and we derive our revenue from operations in India. As such, our financial performance depends significantly on the condition of the Indian economy. Factors that may adversely impact the Indian economy, and hence our results of operations and cash flows, include: 

- any increase in inflation in India; 

- any exchange rate fluctuations, imposition of currency controls and restrictions on the right to convert or repatriate currency; 

- any scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing for our expansions; 

- prevailing income conditions among Indian companies and consumers; 

- changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies; 

- downgrading of India’s sovereign debt rating by rating agencies; 

- changes in political environment on account of elections; 

- changes in laws or regulatory environment; 

- geopolitical tensions; 

- political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally; 

- macroeconomic factors and central bank regulation, including in relation to interest rates movements, which may in turn adversely impact our access to capital, fund raising avenues and increase our borrowing costs; 

- occurrence of natural or manmade disasters or outbreak of an infectious disease or epidemic such as COVID-19 or any other force majeure events in the region or globally, including in India’s neighbouring countries; 

- volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; 

- prevailing regional or global economic conditions; and 

- any decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves which may affect liquidity in the Indian economy. 

Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy or certain regions in India, could reduce demand for our platform and generally adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition as well as price of the Equity Shares. While we have not been materially affected by such a slowdown in the six months period ended September 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024, and in Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, any future downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India could have a material and adverse impact on our business, results of operation, cash flows and financial condition. See “ - **_Natural disasters, fires, epidemics, pandemics, acts of war, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other events could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations_** ” on page 128. 

**_54. Changing laws, rules and regulations in India and legal uncertainties including any adverse application of corporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, cash flows, prospects and results of operations_** . 

126 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and is subject to change. The Government of India (“ **GoI** ”) may implement new laws or other regulations and policies that could affect the e-commerce industry, which could lead to new compliance requirements, including requiring us to obtain approvals and licences from the government and other regulatory bodies, or impose onerous requirements. New compliance requirements could increase our costs or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Furthermore, the manner in which new requirements will be enforced or interpreted can lead to uncertainty in our operations and could adversely affect our operations. Any changes to such laws, including the instances mentioned below, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

For example, the Government of India has introduced Labour Codes which consolidate, subsume, amend and replace numerous existing central labour legislations. Pursuant to notifications issued by the Ministry of Labour and Employment, GoI dated November 21, 2025, the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020 has been made fully effective and certain provisions of the Code on Wages, 2019 and Code on Social Security, 2020 have been made effective, each as of November 21, 2025. Similarly, the Government of Rajasthan has passed the Platform Based Gig Workers (Registration and Welfare) Act, 2023, which regulates the engagement of gig workers and aims to provide social security and other benefits to platform based gig workers and impose liabilities on aggregators through rules which are yet to be notified. Similarly, the Karnataka Platform-Based Gig Workers (Social Security and Welfare Development) Act, 2025,the Rajasthan Platform Based Gig Workers (Registration and Welfare) Act, 2023 and the Jharkhand Platform Based Gig Workers (Registration and Welfare) Bill, 2024 also aim to provide social security and benefits to the gig workers. Similar initiatives have also been taken by the state government in Telangana and West-Bengal (collectively the “ **Gig Workers Bills** ”). Further, Parliament passed the DPDP Act (which has received the assent of the President on August 11, 2023), which provides for imposition of penalties for noncompliance, which can go up to ₹2,500 million. The Indian Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology has recently notified the Digital Personal Data Protection Rules, 2025. The implementation of such laws can increase our employee and labour costs and data security and compliance related costs thereby adversely impacting our results of operations, cash flows, business, and financial performance. 

Unfavourable changes in laws, rules, or regulations, including those governing foreign investment or their interpretation or implementation, could result in non-compliance, require additional approvals, or impose new compliance obligations on us. Such changes may increase our operational costs, require significant management attention, and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and growth prospects. Further, uncertainty in the interpretation or enforcement of applicable laws, particularly in the absence of clear administrative or judicial precedent, may lead to delays, legal exposure, or restrict the viability or scalability of our business. Any proceedings, penalties, or costs arising from regulatory actions could negatively impact our financial performance. 

## **_55. Political changes could adversely affect economic conditions in India_** . 

We are incorporated in India and derive all of our revenue from operations in India. Our business depends on a number of general macroeconomic and demographic factors in India which are beyond our control. In particular, our revenue and profitability are strongly correlated to consumer discretionary spending, which is influenced by general economic conditions, unemployment levels, the availability of discretionary income and consumer confidence. Recessionary economic cycles, a protracted economic slowdown, a worsening economy, increased unemployment, increased energy prices, rising interest rates or other industry wide cost pressures could also affect consumer behaviour and spending on our platform. 

Factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy and hence our results of operations and cash flows, may include the macroeconomic climate, including any increase in Indian interest rates or 

127 

inflation; prevailing income conditions; epidemics, pandemics or any other public health crisis; volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on India’s principal stock exchanges; changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies; export/import tariffs, political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally; occurrence of natural or man-made disasters; other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India or its consumption sector; anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws; protectionist and other adverse public policies, increased regulations or capital investment requirements; logistical and communications challenges; downgrading of India’s sovereign debt rating by rating agencies; and being subject to the jurisdiction of foreign courts, including uncertainty of judicial processes and difficulty enforcing contractual agreements or judgments in foreign legal systems or incurring additional costs to do so. Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. 

## **_56. Natural disasters, fires, epidemics, pandemics, acts of war, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other events could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Natural disasters, such as typhoons, droughts, flooding and earthquakes, as well as fires, epidemics, pandemics such as COVID-19, highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and manmade disasters such as acts of war, terrorist attacks, civil unrest, geopolitical uncertainty, such as the India-Pakistan conflict, Russia-Ukraine war, the Israel-Gaza conflict, the IsraelIran conflict and other events, all of which are beyond our control, may lead to economic instability, including in India or globally, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Our operations and employees are located in India and there can be no assurance that we will not be affected by natural disasters in India in the future. Further, our operations may be adversely affected by fires, natural disasters and/ or severe weather, which can result in damage to our properties and generally reduce our productivity and may require us to evacuate personnel and suspend operations. Any terrorist attacks or civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic and political events in India could also have a negative effect on us. Such incidents could create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the price of the Equity Shares. 

## **_57. A downgrade in ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

India’s sovereign debt rating could be downgraded due to several factors, including changes in tax or fiscal policy or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves, all which are outside the control of our Company. Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional external financing, and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing is available. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favourable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business, cash flows and financial performance and the price of our Equity Shares. 

## **_58. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Currencies of a few Asian countries have in the past suffered depreciation against the U.S. Dollar owing to various factors. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly 

128 

or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby negatively affect the Indian economy. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. These developments, or the perception that any related developments could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

## **_59. If inflation rises in India, increased costs may impact our ability to maintain or achieve profitability._** 

India has experienced high inflation relative to developed countries in the recent past. Increasing inflation in India could cause a rise in the costs of rent, wages, raw materials and other expenses. High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. If we are unable to increase our revenues sufficiently to offset our increased costs due to inflation, it could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, the GoI has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

## **_60. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as IFRS and U.S. GAAP, which may be material to investors’ assessments of our financial condition, result of operations and cash flows._** 

Our Restated Consolidated Financial Information included in this RHP have been compiled from our audited interim consolidated financial statements as at and for the six months period ended September 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024, prepared in accordance with Ind AS 34, Interim Financial Reporting and our audited consolidated financial statements as at and for, Fiscals 2025 and 2024 and audited financial statements for Fiscal 2023 which were prepared under Ind AS and restated in accordance with SEBI ICDR Regulations. Ind AS differs from accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar, such as IFRS and U.S. GAAP. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this RHP, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial information to those of US GAAP or IFRS. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the Ind AS financial statements will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting standards and practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this RHP should be limited accordingly. 

## **_61. Non-resident investors are subject to investment restrictions under Indian laws which limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely impact the market price of our Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian foreign exchange regulations, transfers of shares between residents and nonresidents are generally permitted without prior approval, provided they comply with sectoral caps, pricing guidelines, and reporting requirements prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India (" **RBI** "). Transfers that do not meet these conditions, or that fall under specific exceptions set out in the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 (" **FEMA** ") and the related Non-debt Instruments Rules, require prior regulatory approval. Foreign investment is otherwise permitted in most sectors under the automatic route, subject to compliance with prescribed procedures, including holding shares on a repatriation 

129 

basis and adhering to pricing and reporting norms at the time of sale and repatriation of proceeds. In addition, pursuant to the Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (“ **DPIIT** ”) and subsequent amendments to FEMA rules, any investment or change in beneficial ownership involving investors from countries sharing land borders with India requires prior government approval. This requirement applies both at the time of initial investment and for any subsequent transfer of ownership. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other government agency can be obtained on any particular terms or conditions or at all. For further information, see “ **_Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_** ” beginning on page 634. 

The Government of India may impose foreign exchange restrictions in certain emergency situations, including those where there are sudden fluctuations in interest rates or exchange rates, where the Government of India experiences extreme difficulty in stabilising the balance of payments or where there are substantial disturbances in the financial and capital markets in India. These restrictions may require foreign investors to obtain the Government of India’s approval before acquiring Indian securities or repatriating the interest or dividends from those securities or the proceeds from the sale of those securities. There can be no assurance that any approval required from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. 

## **_62. We may be affected by competition law in India and any adverse application or interpretation of the Competition Act could adversely affect our business and activities._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, as amended, prohibits agreements and conduct that may cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition (“ **AAEC** ”) in India, including anti-competitive agreements, abuse of dominance, and certain combinations. The Competition (Amendment) Act, 2023, has expanded the powers of the Competition Commission of India (“ **CCI** ”), including the ability to impose penalties based on global turnover and to investigate conduct occurring outside India that may affect competition in India. Any agreements and transactions entered into by us could fall within the purview of the Competition Act. The CCI also has extraterritorial jurisdiction and may investigate agreements, conduct, or combinations entered into or occurring outside India if they are likely to have an AAEC in India. The impact of the Competition Act on our business operations and agreements cannot be predicted with certainty. Further, we may be affected, directly or indirectly, by any regulatory scrutiny, investigation, or enforcement action initiated by the CCI, as well as by the interpretation or application of provisions of the Competition Act. Any such action, including the imposition of prohibitions or substantial penalties, or the resulting adverse publicity, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

## **_63. Pursuant to listing of the Equity Shares, we may be subject to pre-emptive surveillance measures like Additional Surveillance Measure (“ASM”) and Graded Surveillance Measures (“GSM”) by the Stock Exchanges in order to enhance market integrity and safeguard the interest of investors._** 

SEBI and the Stock Exchanges, in the past, have introduced various pre-emptive surveillance measures with respect to the shares of listed companies in India (the “ **Listed Securities** ”) in order to enhance market integrity, safeguard the interests of investors and potential market abuses. In addition to various surveillance measures already implemented, and in order to further safeguard the interest of investors, the SEBI and the Stock Exchanges have introduced additional surveillance measures (“ **ASM** ”) and graded surveillance measures (“ **GSM** ”). ASM is conducted by the Stock Exchanges on Listed Securities with surveillance concerns based on certain objective parameters such as price-to-earnings ratio, percentage of delivery, consumer concentration, variation in volume of shares and volatility of shares, among other things. GSM is conducted by the Stock Exchanges on Listed Securities where their price quoted on the Stock Exchanges is not commensurate with, among other things, the financial performance and financial condition measures such as earnings, book value, fixed assets, Net Worth, other measures such as price-to-earnings multiple and market capitalization. Upon listing, the trading 

130 

of our Equity Shares would be subject to differing market conditions as well as other factors which may result in high volatility in price, and low trading volumes as a percentage of combined trading volume of our Equity Shares. The occurrence of any of the abovementioned factors or other circumstances may trigger any of the parameters prescribed by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges for placing our securities under the GSM and/or ASM framework or any other surveillance measures, which could result in significant restrictions on trading of our Equity Shares being imposed by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges. These restrictions may include requiring higher margin requirements, limiting trading frequency or freezing of price on the upper side of trading, as well as mentioning of our Equity Shares on the surveillance dashboards of the Stock Exchanges. The imposition of these restrictions and curbs on trading may have an adverse effect on the market price, trading and liquidity of our Equity Shares and on the reputation and conditions of our Company. Any such instance may result in a loss of our reputation and diversion of our management’s attention and may also decrease the market price of our Equity Shares which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

## **_64. Our ability to raise foreign capital may be constrained by Indian law._** 

As an Indian company, we are subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies. Such regulatory restrictions limit our financing sources and could constrain our ability to obtain financing on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, we cannot assure you that any required regulatory approvals for borrowing in foreign currencies will be granted to us without onerous conditions, or at all. Limitations on foreign debt may have an adverse effect on our business growth, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

## **Risks Related to this Offer** 

## **_65. The Offer Price of our Equity Shares, our price-to-earnings ratio and our enterprise value to Adjusted EBITDA ratio may not be indicative of the trading price of our Equity Shares upon listing on the Stock Exchanges subsequent to the Offer and, as a result, you may lose a significant part or all of your investment._** 

While our market capitalisation is subject to the determination of the Offer Price, which will be determined by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, through the book building process, enterprise value to Adjusted EBITDA (calculated as EBITDA plus (i) Employee share based payment expense, (ii) Exceptional items, and (iii) Fair value loss on derivative instruments at fair value through profit or loss, less (i) Interest income on bank deposits, bonds, certificate of deposits and commercial papers, (ii) Interest income on security deposits, (iii) Gain on sale of current investments (net), (iv) Gain on liquidation of a subsidiary, (v) Interest on income tax refund, (vi) Net gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment, (vii) Fair value gain on derivative instruments at fair value through profit or loss, (viii) Fair value gain on investments at fair value through profit and loss, and (ix) Exchange differences relating to disposal of a foreign subsidiary)/revenue ratio for Fiscal 2025 is set out below. 

||_(in multiples, unless otherwise specified)_|
|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Ratio vis-à-vis Floor Price**<br>**Ratio vis-à-vis Cap Price**|
|Enterprise value to Adjusted<br>EBITDA|[●]*<br>[●]*|



_* To be updated at the time of filing of the Prospectus._ 

Further, our Offer Price, the multiples and ratio specified above may not be comparable to the market price, market capitalisation and price-to-earnings ratios of our peers and would be dependent on the various factors included under “ **_Basis for Offer Price_** ” beginning on page 225. Accordingly, any valuation exercise undertaken for the purposes of the Offer by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, would not be based on a benchmark with our industry peers. 

131 

**_66. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the Offer Price may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and while our Equity Shares are expected to trade on NSE and BSE after the Offer, an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop, be sustained or be liquid after the Offer, or if such trading or liquidity develops, there can be no assurance that it will continue. If an active trading market does not develop, you may have difficulty selling any of our Equity Shares that you buy. The determination of the Offer Price will be based on various factors and assumptions and will be determined by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs through the Book Building Process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The Offer Price will be based on numerous factors, as described in the section “ **_Basis for Offer Price_** ” on page 225. 

The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, announcements by us or our competitors of new products, significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments, announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us, new laws and governmental regulations or changes in laws and governmental regulations applicable to our industry, including market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, additions or departures of key management and changes in economic and legal and other regulatory factors. Consequently, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all, and may as a result lose all or a part of your investment. 

## **_67. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of income or capital gains arising on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws and regulations, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Any capital gain exceeding ₹125,000, realised on the sale of listed equity shares on a recognised stock exchange, held for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer, will be subject to long term capital gains in India, at the rate of 12.5% (plus applicable surcharge and cess). This beneficial rate is, among others, subject to payment of Securities Transaction Tax (“ **STT** ”). Further, any gain realised on the sale of equity shares in an Indian company held for more than 12 months, which are sold using any platform other than a recognised stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, will be subject to long term capital gains tax in India. Further, any capital gains realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Such gains will be subject to tax at the rate of 20% (plus applicable surcharge and cess), subject to STT being paid at the time of sale of such shares. Otherwise, such gains will be taxed at the applicable rates. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. Similarly, any business income realised from the transfer of Equity Shares held as trading assets is taxable at the applicable tax rates subject to any treaty relief, if applicable, to a non-resident seller. 

132 

**_68. Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Offer, and there could be a failure or delay in listing of Equity Shares on the Indian stock exchanges, all of which could adversely impact investors ability to participate in the Offer._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately two Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within three Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Indian Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods as specified by SEBI. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

**_69. Qualified Institutional Buyers (“QIBs”) and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after Bid/ Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/ Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/ Offer Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed including Allotment pursuant to the Offer within three Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date or such other timeline as may be prescribed under applicable law, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, any changes in our business, cash flows, results of operation or the financial condition of our Company, which may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

## **_70. Investors may have difficulty in enforcing foreign judgments against our Company or our management._** 

Our Company is a public limited company incorporated under the laws of India. Most of our directors and executive officers are citizens of India. A substantial portion of our Company’s assets and the assets of our Directors and executive officers’ resident in India are located in India. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process upon us or such persons outside India or to enforce judgments obtained against our Company or such parties outside India. 

India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. The United Kingdom, Singapore, United Arab Emirates, and Hong Kong have been declared by the GoI to be reciprocating territories for purposes of Section 44A of the Civil Code. Section 44A of 

133 

the Civil Code provides that where a foreign judgement has been rendered by a superior court, within the meaning of such section, in any country or territory outside of India which the GoI has by notification declared to be in a reciprocating territory, it may be enforced in India by proceedings in execution as if the judgement had been rendered by the relevant court in India. However, Section 44A of the Civil Code is applicable only to monetary decrees not being of the same nature as amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges of a like nature or of a fine or other penalties. A judgement of a court of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit on the judgement under Section 13 of the Civil Code, and not by proceedings in execution. Under the Civil Code, a court in India shall, on the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgement, presume that the judgement was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record. However, under the Civil Code, such presumption may be displaced by proving that the court did not have jurisdiction. The Civil Code only permits the enforcement of monetary decrees, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. 

Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. The United States and India do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. A final judgement for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgement in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. Any such suit must be brought in India within three years from the date of the judgement in the same manner as any other suit filed to enforce a civil liability in India. 

However, the party in whose favour such final judgement is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgement that has been obtained in the United States or other such jurisdiction within three years of obtaining such final judgement. It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Moreover, it is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages to the extent awarded in a final judgement rendered outside India if it believes that the amount of damages awarded were excessive or inconsistent with public policy or Indian law. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgement in India is required to obtain the prior approval of the RBI under the FEMA to execute such a judgement or to repatriate any amount recovered. 

## **_71. Holders of Equity Shares could be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and could thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India is required to offer holders of its equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares who have voted on such resolutions. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction that you are in, does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without us filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. We may elect not to file a registration statement in relation to pre-emptive rights otherwise available by Indian law to you. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares, you may suffer future dilution of your ownership position and your proportional interests in us would be reduced. 

134 

## **_72. Fluctuation in the exchange rate of the Rupee and other currencies could have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

Subject to requisite approvals, on listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends, if declared, in respect of our Equity Shares will be paid in Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to such investors. In addition, any adverse movement in exchange rates during a delay in repatriating the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares outside India, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares, may reduce the net proceeds received by shareholders. The exchange rate of the Rupee has changed substantially in the last two decades and could fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Equity Shares and returns from the Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

## **_73. Any future issuance of Equity Shares or convertible securities or other equity linked securities by our Company may dilute your shareholding and sales of the Equity Shares by our major shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any future issuance of the Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to the Equity Shares by our Company, including issuance of Equity Shares to employees or former employees upon exercise of vested options held by them under the employee stock ownership plan schemes, may dilute your shareholding. Any such future issuance of Equity Shares or future sales of the Equity Shares by any of our significant shareholders may also adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and impact our ability to raise funds through an offering of our securities or by incurring debt. Any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. Additionally, the disposal, pledge or encumbrance of the Equity Shares by any of our significant shareholders, or the perception that such transactions may occur, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that our existing Shareholders will not dispose of further Equity Shares after the completion of the Offer (subject to compliance with the lock-in provisions under applicable law) or pledge or encumber their Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of shareholder’s investment in the Equity Shares and adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. Such securities may also be issued at prices below the Offer Price. We may also issue convertible debt securities to finance our future growth or fund our business activities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. 

## **_74. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will be listed on the BSE and NSE in a timely manner or at all._** 

In accordance with Indian law and practice, permission for listing and trading of our Equity Shares will not be granted until after certain actions have been completed in relation to this Offer and until Allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to this Offer. In accordance with current regulations and circulars issued by SEBI, our Equity Shares are required to be listed on the BSE and NSE within such time as mandated under UPI Circulars, subject to any change in the prescribed timeline in this regard. However, we cannot assure you that the trading in our Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner or at all. Any failure or delay in obtaining final listing and trading approvals may restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that our Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ dematerialised accounts, or that trading in our Equity Shares will commence, within the prescribed time periods or at all. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or dematerialised credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. 

135 

