# **SECTION II - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, the country, the industry and segments in which we currently operate. We have described the risks and uncertainties that our management believes are material but the risks set out in this Red Herring Prospectus may not be exhaustive and additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or which we currently deem to be immaterial, may arise or may become material in future. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial, actually occur, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could suffer, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. To obtain a complete understanding of our Company, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview” and “Management’s Discussions and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 145, 127 and 527, respectively, as well as the financial, statistical and other information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision_ , _prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in our Equity Shares._ 

_Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries. This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. See “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 18._ 

_Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section. Unless the context requires otherwise, our financial information has been derived from our Restated Consolidated Summary Statements._ 

# **Internal Risk Factors** 

# **_Risks Relating to Our Business_** 

**_1. We had certain disagreements with ETA Star Healthcare LLC due to which we have not been able to account for the results of our associate, Star Metropolis Health Services Middle East LLC, in our consolidated financial statements since Fiscal 2012 and there is an auditor qualification in our financial statements in this regard._** 

Star Metropolis Health Services Middle East LLC (“ **Star Metropolis** ”) is a company incorporated under the laws of the United Arab Emirates in which we acquired and currently hold 34% equity interest pursuant to a shareholder’s agreement dated May 23, 2005 (“ **SHA** ”). The remaining 66% equity interest is held by ETA Star Healthcare LLC (“ **ETA** ”). 

Since 2011, certain disagreements arose between our Company, ETA and Star Metropolis. Subsequently, Star Metropolis stopped providing any information, including financial information, to our Company and no further notice of any meeting of the shareholders or the supervisory board was sent to our Company. While, we have sought to establish contact with Arabian Healthcare Group LLC, parent entity of ETA, we have not been able to account for, amongst other things, the results of Star Metropolis since Fiscal 2012 because of non-availability of adequate information. SEBI has, by way of its letter dated January 31, 2019, exempted our Company from classifying Star Metropolis as a Group Company. The value of our investment in Star Metropolis was ₹ 12.98 million as of December 31, 2018. Our Company has made provisions in relation to Star Metropolis, including provision for doubtful trade receivables for ₹ 59.85 million, provision for doubtful advances for ₹ 4.23 million and provision for diminution in the value of investments for ₹ 12.98 million, in the Restated Consolidated Summary Statements as of December 31, 2018. For details with respect to auditor qualification included in our financial statements in this regard and provisions for doubtful trade receivables, doubtful advances and diminution in the value of investments, see “ _Summary Financial Information_ ”, “ _Financial Statements – Notes to Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Note 2.1(a)(iii)”,_ 

20 

_“Financial Statements – Notes to Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Note 41 - Related Party Disclosures”_ and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on pages 65, 239, 289 and 527, respectively. We cannot assure you that our audit report for any future fiscal periods will not contain qualifications, matters of emphasis or other observations, which could adversely affect our results of operations in such future periods. 

In addition, our Company has also defaulted on its obligation to provide annual performance reportings of its overseas foreign investment in Star Metropolis since 2011 with the Reserve Bank of India due to nonavailability of financial statements of Star Metropolis, which could restrict our future ability to invest in other foreign ventures under exchange control laws of India. We cannot assure you that there will not be any regulatory scrutiny in the future for any default in filing the annual performance reporting of overseas foreign investment in Star Metropolis with RBI, as RBI may take a serious view on non-compliance with the guidelines / instructions in this regard and initiate penal action as may be considered necessary. 

Since March 2012, Star Metropolis had begun defaulting in payments, which were to be made to our Company for the pathology test and services provided by us, and accordingly we discontinued providing pathology testing and other services to Star Metropolis. The SHA included certain covenants, which, among others, restricted our ability to conduct business in Gulf Cooperation Council and imposed certain share transfer restrictions on our Company and ETA. We and the other parties to the SHA may not be in compliance with such SHA provisions at all times. 

Further, we understand that STAR Metropolis Clinical Laboratories & Healthcare Service Middle East, one of the affiliates of ETA, has been using the ‘ _Metropolis_ ’ brand to market its pathology services in the Gulf Cooperation Council. The use of the ‘ _Metropolis’_ brand name by STAR Metropolis Clinical Laboratories & Healthcare Service Middle East may lead to customers confusing them with our Company, which could lead to us losing business to such entity and could adversely affect our reputation and business. We may also be unable to prevent infringement of our trademark and a passing off action may not provide sufficient protection until such time that we are able to register our trademark. 

**_2. Our business, result of operations and financial condition could be affected by adverse results of legal proceedings._** 

There are several outstanding legal proceedings against our Company, Subsidiaries, Directors and Promoters. In particular, our Company has sought to compound certain offences under the Companies Act, 2013 before the NCLT and the Registrar of Companies. Further, our Company has been issued a summon cum show cause notice from the Assistant Provident Fund Commissioner, Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation, Ministry of Labour and Employment, Government of India. Our Company has also been issued a show cause notice by Assistant Labour Officer (Kannur II<sup>nd</sup> Circle), Kerala. Additionally, Sudharma Metropolis Health Services Private Limited has been issued a show cause notice by Assistant Labour Officer (Kodungallur), Kerala. These proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various adjudication forums. For further details of material legal proceedings, including criminal and statutory and regulatory proceedings, involving our Company, our Subsidiaries, our Directors and our Promoters, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments”_ on page 549. If any of these outstanding litigations are decided against our Company, Subsidiaries, Directors or Promoters, as the case may be, and as and when the pending compounding petitions involving the Company are adjudicated, we may need to make provisions in our financial statements that could increase our expenses and current liabilities. 

We cannot assure you that these outstanding legal proceedings will be decided in our Company’s favor or in favor of our Subsidiaries, Directors or Promoters, or that no further liability will arise out of these proceedings. Further, such legal proceedings could divert management’s time and attention and consume financial resources. Any adverse outcome in any of these proceedings may adversely affect our Directors, individual Promoters and/or our profitability, reputation, business, result of operations and financial condition. 

A tabular summary of pending litigation in relation to criminal matters, tax matters, pending actions by regulatory or statutory authorities and other material litigation based on the materiality policy adopted by our Board in its meeting held on September 24, 2018, against our Company, Subsidiaries, Directors and Promoters, as applicable, as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus is set out below. 

21 

_Litigation in relation to/arising out of dispute pertaining to our Registered Office_ 

|**Type of proceeding**|**Number of cases**|**Amount, to the extent quantifiable**<br>**_(₹ million)_**|
|---|---|---|
|Criminal|9|**-**|
|Civil|9|-|



_Litigation against our Company_ 

|**Type of proceeding**|**Number of cases**|**Amount, to the extent q**|**uantifiable**<br>**_(₹ million)_**|
|---|---|---|---|
|Criminal|1|-||
|Civil|-|-||
|Tax|4|11.75||
|Regulatory|3|-||



_Litigation against our Subsidiaries_ 

|**Type of proceeding**|**Number of cases**|**Amount, to the extent qua**|**ntifiable**<br>**_(₹ million)_**|
|---|---|---|---|
|Criminal|-|-||
|Civil|6|See note below||
|Tax|2|2.20||
|Regulatory|2|-||



_Note: (I) Amount involved in relation to litigations involving Metropolis Lanka Healthcare (Pvt) Limited is ₹ 29.5 million; and_ 

_(II) Amount involved in relation to litigation involving Metropolis Bramser Lab Services (Mtius) Limited is MUR 0.79 million._ 

_Litigation against our Directors_ 

|**Type of proceeding**|**Number of cases**|**Amount, to the extent quantifiable**<br>**_(₹ million)_**|
|---|---|---|
|**Criminal **|11|-|
|**Civil**|6|-|
|**Tax**|-|-|
|**Regulatory**|-|-|



_Litigation against our Promoters_ 

|**Type of proceeding**|**Number of cases**|**Amount, to the extent quantifiable**<br>**_(₹ million)_**|
|---|---|---|
|Criminal|10|-|
|Civil|6|-|
|Tax|-|-|
|Regulatory|-|-|



For further details of litigation indicated above and litigation filed by our Company, Subsidiaries, Directors and Promoters, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 549. 

**_3. Our inability to effectively manage our growth or to successfully implement our business plan and growth strategy could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We have experienced considerable growth over the past three years and we have significantly expanded our operations and service offerings. Our revenue from operations grew from ₹ 4,754.69 million for the financial year 2016 to ₹ 6,435.67 million for the financial year 2018, while our profit for the year grew from ₹ 819.55 million for the financial year 2016 to ₹ 1,097.47 million for the financial year 2018. During the nine months period ended December 31, 2018, our revenue from operations was ₹ 5,593.06 million and profit for the period was ₹ 887.71 million, respectively. However, we cannot assure you that our growth strategy will continue to be successful or that we will be able to continue to grow further, or at the same rate. 

22 

As part of our growth strategy, among others, we seek to increase the penetration of our existing test services in the Indian market and make strategic acquisitions of other diagnostic healthcare providers. Our ability to successfully execute expansion plans will depend on various factors, including: 

- our ability to obtain or renew requisite statutory and regulatory approvals and licenses on a timely basis; 

- our ability to identify suitable locations for setting up patient service centers and laboratories; 

- the availability, terms and costs of financing required to fund acquisitions or complete expansion plans; and 

- our ability to consummate a transaction without delay and on terms that are favorable to us. 

Our inability to manage our expansion effectively and execute our growth strategy in a timely manner, or within budget estimates or our inability to meet the expectations of our stakeholders could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We cannot assure you that our existing or future management, operational and financial systems, procedures and controls will be adequate to support our future operations, or establish or develop business relationships beneficial to our future operations. Failure to manage growth effectively could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_4. Our inability to protect or use our intellectual property rights or comply with intellectual property rights of others may adversely affect our business._** 

We consider our brands and intellectual property to be one of our most valuable assets and we have certain trademarks registered in India and abroad. We also rely on unpatented proprietary know-how, continuing technological innovation and other trade secrets to develop and maintain our competitive position. 

Our Company has applied for a trademark registration of its logo and name “ _Metropolis_ ”, under classes 42 and 44 of the Trade Mark Act, 1999, with the Registrar of Trademarks. We have also applied for a copyright registration of our logo “ _Metropolis_ ”, including the tagline “ _The Pathology Specialist_ ” with the Registrar of Trademarks in India, under the Copyright Act, 1957. If any of our unregistered trademarks are registered in favour of a third party, we may not be able to claim registered ownership of such trademarks, and consequently, we may be unable to seek remedies for infringement of those trademarks by third parties other than relief against passing off by other entities. Our inability to obtain or maintain these registrations may adversely affect our competitive business position. The measures we take to protect our intellectual property include relying on Indian and foreign laws and initiating legal proceedings, which may not be adequate to prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties. Notwithstanding the precautions we take to protect our intellectual property rights, it is possible that third parties may copy or otherwise infringe on our rights, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, we understand that STAR Metropolis Clinical Laboratories & Healthcare Service Middle East, one of the affiliates of ETA, has been using the ‘ _Metropolis_ ’ brand to market its pathology services in the Gulf Cooperation Council. The use of the ‘ _Metropolis’_ brand name by STAR Metropolis Clinical Laboratories & Healthcare Service Middle East may lead to customers confusing them with our Company, which could lead to us losing business to such entity and could adversely affect our reputation and business. We may also be unable to prevent infringement of our trademark and a passing off action may not provide sufficient protection until such time that we are able to register our trademark. 

Further, our tests and business processes may infringe on the intellectual property rights of others. While we take care to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of others, we cannot determine with certainty whether we are infringing any existing third-party intellectual property rights, which may force us to alter our offerings. We may also be susceptible to claims from third parties asserting infringement and other related claims. If such claims are raised in the future, these claims could result in costly litigation, divert management’s attention and resources, subject us to significant liabilities and require us to enter into potentially expensive royalty or licensing agreements or to cease certain offerings. Infringement and other intellectual property claims, regardless of their merit, can be expensive and time-consuming to litigate. If we are found to have infringed on the intellectual proprietary rights of others, we might be forced to do one or 

23 

more of the following: (i) cease performing or selling the services that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; (ii) pay for and obtain licenses from the holder of the infringed intellectual property right; (iii) reengineer our tests and services and develop non-infringing technology; (iv) restructure our business processes; (v) provide indemnification to patients for third-party breaches of intellectual property pursuant to our contracts with such parties; or (vi) pay damages, court costs and legal fees, including any increased damages for any infringement that is deemed to be willful. Any requirement to re-engineer our tests or change our business processes could substantially increase our costs, force us to interrupt product sales or delay new test releases. Infringement claims could also arise in the future as patents could be issued on tests or processes that we may be performing, particularly in such emerging areas as gene-based testing and other specialty testing. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_5. We have commissioned industry report from Frost & Sullivan India Private Limited, which have been used for industry related data in this Red Herring Prospectus and such data has not been independently verified by us._** 

We have commissioned the Frost & Sullivan India Private Limited research report titled “Indian Diagnostic Industry Report” dated January 2019. The report uses certain methodologies for market sizing and forecasting. Neither the Company, the Selling Shareholders nor any of the Book Running Lead Managers have independently verified such data and therefore, while we believe them to be true, we cannot assure you that they are complete or reliable. Accordingly, investors should read the industry related disclosure in this Red Herring Prospectus in this context. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. While industry sources take due care and caution while preparing their reports, they do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the data. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on this information. 

Neither the Company, the Selling Shareholders, any of the Book Running Lead Managers nor any person related to this Offer have independently verified data obtained from industry publications and other industry sources referred to in this Red Herring Prospectus and therefore, while we believe such data to be true, we cannot assure you that such data is complete or reliable. Such data may also be produced on different bases from those used in the industry publications we have referenced. Therefore, discussions of matters relating to India, its economy and the industries in which we currently operate are subject to the caveat that the statistical and other data upon which such discussions are based may be incomplete or unreliable and prospective investors are advised not to place undue reliance on such data. See “ _Industry Overview_ ” on page 127. 

**_6. A member of our Promoter Group, Dr. Duru Sushil Shah and our Promoters shall encumber certain Equity Shares with certain SI-NBFCs. In addition, Dr. Duru Sushil Shah along with our Promoters, Ameera Sushil Shah and Dr. Sushil Kanubhai Shah, have provided personal guarantees. Any exercise of such encumbrances by such SI-NBFCs could dilute the shareholding of our Promoter and Promoter Group, which may adversely affect our business and financial condition. Further, any exercise of the personal guarantees can have an adverse effect on the financial position of such individuals._** 

Up to 9,209,230 Equity Shares held by Dr. Duru Sushil Shah, representing 18.35% and up to 5,067,161 Equity Shares held by the Promoters, representing 10.09%, respectively, of the total outstanding paid-up capital of the Company are subject to pledge post Allotment and prior to listing and commencement of trading of Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges, in favour of certain SI-NBFCs in relation to a term loan availed by Metz Advisory LLP (“ **Loan** ”). Further, post listing and commencement of trading of Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges, certain additional Equity Shares of the Promoters may be pledged in accordance with terms of the Loan. For details, see “ _Capital Structure – Details of Equity Shares pledged by our Promoters_ ” on page 102. Any default under the agreements pursuant to which these Equity Shares would be pledged will entitle the pledgee to enforce the pledge over these Equity Shares. If this happens, the shareholding of the Promoter and Promoter Group may be diluted and we may face certain impediments in taking decisions on certain key, strategic matters involving the Company. As a result, we may not be able to conduct our business or implement our strategies as currently planned, which may adversely affect our business and financial condition. Further, any rapid sale of Equity Shares by such third parties may adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. 

24 

Further, Ameera Sushil Shah, Dr. Sushil Kanubhai Shah and Dr. Duru Sushil Shah have provided personal guarantee in relation to the Loan. Additionally, Metz Advisory LLP has been sanctioned a term loan from Avendus Finance Private Limited (“ **Avendus Term Loan** ”), and Metz Advisory LLP may also avail unsecured debt facilities from Ameera Sushil Shah and Dr. Sushil Kanubhai Shah, to fund the purchase of certain Equity Shares from CA Lotus Investments in terms of an agreement dated September 27, 2018, as disclosed in “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters_ ” on page 168. Pursuant to terms of the Avendus Term Loan, Ameera Sushil Shah shall provide a personal guarantee in relation to the Avendus Term Loan. If there is a default in repayment of the Avendus Term Loan or the Loan, the respective personal guarantee(s) may be invoked, which will adversely affect the financial condition of our Promoter(s) and/or Dr. Duru Sushil Shah, as the case may be. 

# **_7. Our Group Company has incurred losses in the financial years ending March 31, 2016, 2017 and 2018._** 

Metropolis Health Product Retail Private Limited (“ **MHPRPL** ”), our Group Company, has incurred losses in the financial years ending March 21, 2016, 2017 and 2018. The profit / (loss) figures for the preceding three financial years of MHPRPL are as follows: 

|||**Profit/(loss) for the Fiscal**<br> <br>|
|---|---|---|
|**Name**|**2018**|**2017**<br>**2016**|
||(_₹ million_)|(_₹ million_)<br>(_₹ million_)|
|Metropolis Health Product Retail<br>Private Limited|(0.19)|(1.20)<br>(2.75)|



We cannot assure you that MHPRPL will not incur losses in the future. For further details regarding our Group Company, see “ _Our Group Companies_ ” on page 214. 

**_8. We have certain contingent liabilities that have not been provided for in our financial statements, which, if they materialize, may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

The following table sets forth certain information relating to our contingent liabilities, which have not been provided for, as of December 31, 2018: 

|**Particulars**|**Amount**<br>**(₹ in million)**|
|---|---|
|Income tax liability disputed in appeals|13.99|
|Employeerelated dues|23.24|
|Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debt :||
|-Claims by supplier/contractor/ex-employee|3.03|
|-Claims pending in Consumer Dispute Redressal Forum|15.75|
|Contingent consideration on acquisition of remaining stake from Non-Controlling<br>Interests<sup>*</sup>|75.94|
|**Total**|**131.95**|



> * _Our Company has entered into a share purchase agreement to buy the remaining 30% stake of Golwilkar Metropolis Health Services (India) Private Limited. For the purchase of remaining stake, consideration to be paid as per valuation of Golwilkar Metropolis Health Services (India) Private Limited has been determined to be ₹ 303.75 million. However, on account of a breach of non-compete provision as per the terms of the shareholder’s agreement dated October 14, 2005, our Company has filed an application before a sole arbitrator in Mumbai against Dr. Ajit S. Golwilkar, Dr. Awanti T. Mehendale and Dr. Vinanti N. Patankar claiming 25% of consideration determined i.e. ₹ 75.94 million as damages. This matter is currently pending before the arbitrator._ 

If a significant portion of these liabilities materialize, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further details, see “ _Financial Statements_ ” on page 219. 

# **_9. We have issued Equity Shares during the last one year at a price that would be below the Offer Price._** 

We have allotted certain Equity Shares in the last one year pursuant to (i) the MESOS 2007; (ii) the Scheme of Amalgamation 2018; (ii) conversion of outstanding warrants held by Metz Advisory LLP; (iv) Subsidiary Shareholding Acquisitions; and (iv) issuance of bonus shares, without any or at a consideration lower than the Offer Price. The details of such allotments are provided below: 

25 

|**Date of Allotment**|**Number**<br>**of**<br>**Equity**<br>**Shares**<br>**Allotted* **|**Reason for Allotment**|**Issue**<br>**(in ₹)**|**Price**|**Nature**<br>**of**<br>**Consideration**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|September 8, 2018|2,657,731|Scheme<br>of<br>Amalgamation|-||Other than cash|
|September 11, 2018|8,703|Conversion of warrant|2,579||Cash|
|September 11 2018|32,800|MESOS 2007|100||Cash|
|September 13, 2018|64,596|Subsidiary Shareholding<br>Acquisitions|4,078||Other than cash|
|September 15, 2018|385,990|Bonus|-||Other than cash|



_* Note: The Equity Shares allotted are shares prior to the sub-division._ 

For further details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ”, “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters_ ” and “ _Our Subsidiaries_ ” on pages 20, 168 and 182, respectively. 

**_10. There are certain restrictive conditions on us pursuant to a financing agreement executed by one of our promoters, Metz Advisory LLP and also a cash credit facility availed by our Company from HDFC Bank Limited. These financing arrangements may limit our ability to pursue our business and limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or industry._** 

<mark>One of our Promoters, Metz Advisory LLP, has availed a term loan and has entered into a financing agreement with the lenders. The financing agreement include various conditions and restrictive covenants, including the requirement that we obtain consent from/intimate the lenders prior to carrying out certain activities and entering into certain transactions including (a) the amendment of our memorandum and articles of association; (b) incurrence of financial indebtedness; (c) issuance of new securities; (d) undertaking certain corporate actions like issue of bonus shares or sub-division of shares; (e) undertake any revocation, consolidation, combination or merger; and (f) change in line of business. Additionally, the financing agreement requires that our Promoters and Dr. Duru Sushil Shah together continue to hold a least 51% equity interest in our Company and pledge certain of their shareholding with the lenders, subject to applicable law.</mark> 

<mark>Further, our Company has availed a cash credit facility from HDFC Bank Limited pursuant to a sanction letter dated February 8, 2019. In terms of the said sanction letter, during the tenure of the credit facility, the Company shall not without prior written permission of HDFC Bank Limited, inter alia, (i) resort to any additional borrowing; (ii) effect any change in shareholding pattern or management control; (iii) undertake any guarantee obligations or extend letter of comfort; (iv) sell or dispose otherwise any fixed assets; and (v) invest or extend loans or advances to group companies, associates, subsidiaries of the Company or any third party.</mark> 

<mark>These restrictions may limit our flexibility in responding to business opportunities, competitive developments and adverse economic or industry conditions. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a variety of adverse consequences, including the termination of the credit facilities in part or full and acceleration of all amounts outstanding.</mark> 

**_11. Certain reserved matters in the shareholders’ agreement entered into by our Company with the other shareholders of certain of our Subsidiaries may adversely affect our business operations._** 

Our Company has entered into a shareholders’ agreement dated March 1, 2013 with Dr. Ronica Baruah in respect of the manner in which the affairs of Ekopath Metropolis Lab Services Private Limited (“ **Ekopath** ”) shall be conducted. Similarly, our Company has also entered into a shareholder’s agreement dated July 2, 2018 with Koninklijke Philips N.V and Histoxpert in respect of, inter alia, the manner in which the business and affairs of Metropolis Histoxpert Digital Services Private Limited (“ **Histoxpert** ”) shall be conducted. Pursuant to the aforesaid shareholders’ agreements, certain reserved matters such as (i) commencement of new line of business; (ii) winding up; (iii) re-organization and purchase of material assets; (iv) alteration of constitutional documents; (v) change in share capital; and/or (vi) buy-back of shares or bonus or rights issue, could only be decided upon affirmative vote by the other party. Our Company’s restricted ability to decide on such reserved matters may adversely affect our business operations and performance of Ekopath and Histoxpert. Further, in terms of the aforesaid shareholders’ agreements, our Company has certain restrictions 

26 

in respect of transferability of its shareholding in Ekopath and Histoxpert, which may adversely affect our Company’s ability to exit from its investment in Ekopath and Histoxpert. 

**_12. We have had negative net cash flows in the past and may continue to have negative cash flows in the future._** 

The following table sets forth our cash flows for the periods indicated: 

||**For the**<br>**nine**<br>**months**<br>**period**<br>**ended**<br>**December**<br>**31, 2018**|**2018**|**Financial Y**<br>**2017**|_(₹ in million_)<br>**ear**<br>**2016**<br>**(Proforma**<br>**Ind AS)**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Net cashgeneratedfromOperatingActivities|525.88|1,039.31|1,017.53|914.16|
|Net cash generated from / (used in) Investing<br>Activities|40.92|18.82|(857.85)|963.61|
|Net cash (used in) Financing Activities|(474.97)|(873.03)|(173.00)|(1,737.63)|
|Net increase/ (decrease) in Cash and Cash<br>Equivalents|99.13|179.59|(13.23)|139.41|



For further details, see “ _Financial Statements_ ” and “ _Management‘s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on pages 219 and 527, respectively. We cannot assure you that our net cash flows will be positive in the future. 

**_13. Our business and prospects may be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain and grow our brand image._** 

Our brand and reputation are critical for the success of our business and operations. Our ability to maintain and improve our brand image is dependent on factors such as quality, accuracy and efficiency of our clinical laboratory tests and profiles, turnaround time and patient satisfaction, the performance of our service network, the introduction of new tests and services and our ability to maintain strong relationships with doctors and vendors. Further, as we expand into new geographic markets within India and overseas, and as the market becomes increasingly competitive, maintaining and enhancing our brand image may become costly and difficult. 

Our services are designed to diagnose or prevent diseases and other health conditions. While there have not been any past material incidences of errors, users of our services have a greater sensitivity to errors than users of services or products that are not intended for the diagnosis, treatment and prevention of diseases. We train our medical personnel, including technicians and other staff to provide accurate and timely test results. However, any delays or inaccuracies in the results we provide, including due to inherent limitations in the technology and equipment used or due to wrong interpretation of test results by doctors, may result in the wrong treatment being prescribed to a patient, which may cause potential harm to such patient. In addition, if our personnel make errors in the handling and labelling of patient specimens, or in the operation of our complex medical equipment, or if they inadequately or improperly extract specimens from patients causing bodily harm, our test results may not be accurate and we may become liable under healthcare or other laws for acts or omissions by our employees, which may adversely affect our brand and reputation. Further, we provide intimation of certain critical test results to doctors by phone. Any lapse, miscommunication or failure may cause serious harm to patients and could adversely affect our brand and reputation. Also, any allegation of sex determination against us as well as our inability to identify fraudulent organ donors could lead to criminal proceedings, which may adversely affect our brand and reputation. 

Our service network includes third-party patient service centers which are operated by third-parties under the ‘Metropolis’ brand. Our relationship with third-party patient service centers are contractual in nature and we have limited control over them. If such third-party patient service centers fail to meet our quality standards, engage in improper business practices or otherwise act in any way that harm our brand, our reputation may be adversely affected and we may lose existing and potential patients. In the event that (i) a third party having 

27 

a right to use our brand name for a specific purpose on limited terms under an arrangement with us misuses our brand, or (ii) customer complaints or adverse publicity from any other source damages our brand, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Further, our quality certifications and accreditations are critical for our brand image. As of December 31, 2018, 25 of our clinical laboratories hold one or more of CAP, NABL, KENAS, ILAC or APLAC accreditations. If our laboratories and testing services fail to meet accreditation standards, or if we fail to adapt to evolving diagnostic standards, we could lose one or more of our accreditations, which may adversely affect our reputation and business prospects. 

**_14. Any interruptions at our Global Reference Laboratory may affect our ability to process clinical tests, which in turn may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our Global Reference Laboratory (“ **GRL** ”), which is located in Mumbai, is our main ‘hub’ and equipped to conduct majority of the tests offered within our network. In addition to walk-in patients, our GRL also receives test requests and related specimens that other laboratories in our network are unable to process. Consequently, if we experience any interruptions at our GRL, or if it fails to function, in whole or in part, because of events such as fire, natural disaster as well as loss of licenses, certifications and permits, governmental planning for the land underlying our GRL and regulatory changes or other events beyond our control, our services may be adversely affected or suspended for an indefinite period of time. The occurrence of such events could also cause us to lose our patients and we may face significant increase in costs for test processing, transport and logistics which we may not be able to pass on to our patients. Any failure, malfunction, shutdown or partial or complete destruction of our GRL could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_15. Any inadequacy in collection of, or failure or delay in the delivery of, specimens to our laboratories could compromise or destroy the integrity of such specimens, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The process of collecting specimens is highly dependent on the skill and performance of our front-end employees. Any losses or errors in the specimen collection, preparation, labelling and storage process could result in us not being able to effectively provide our services and adversely affect our business and reputation. 

The timely pickup, transportation and delivery of specimens depend on several factors beyond our control, including weather and road conditions, air traffic delays and, in the case of our international operations, delays at customs check points. Any disruptions in transportation services on account of natural disasters, strikes, lock-outs, terrorism, inadequacies in the road or air infrastructure, weather related problems, or other events beyond our control could affect our ability to receive specimens and generate test results in a timely manner. While most of our laboratories are serviced through our in-house logistics team, we also rely on the services of third-party logistics providers. As a result, we may experience loss of specimens, delays and inefficiencies, including mislabeling of specimen, which are not within our control. If we are unable to deliver or receive specimens at our laboratories in a timely manner, their integrity as well as the outcome of results may be compromised, or the reporting of results of tests to patients may be delayed, which could adversely affect our reputation. Further, specimens may be lost, damaged or contaminated due to mishandling while in transit. In the event specimens are lost, destroyed, damaged or contaminated, we may incur additional costs, such as the cost of re-administering tests or from delays in the generation of critical test results. The occurrence of any such events could adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_16. Our operations are concentrated in west and south India, and any loss of business in such regions could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

While we have widespread presence across 19 states in India, as of December 31, 2018, a significant portion of our operations are concentrated in west and south India. We derived (i) 51.84%, 54.08%, 55.62% and 55.72% of our revenue from operations from west India for the nine months ended December 31, 2018 and the financial years 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively; (ii) 26.15%, 27.86%, 28.90% and 30.82% of our revenue from operations from south India for the nine months ended December 31, 2018 and the financial years 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively; (iii) 4.15%, 3.33%, 3.03% and 2.96% of our revenue from operations from east India for the nine months ended December 31, 2018 and the financial years 2018, 2017 

28 

and 2016, respectively; and (iv) 6.91%, 6.52%, 6.07% and 5.95% of our revenue from operations from north India for the nine months ended December 31, 2018 and the financial years 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Further, as of December 31, 2018, we have an operational network of 83 clinical laboratories, 1,473 patient touch points (which primarily cater to individual patients) 396 Assisted Referral Centers (“ **ARC** s”) (which primarily cater to institutional customers) in west and south India which comprised 65.09%, 85.58% and 60.38% of our total network of clinical laboratories, patient touch points and ARCs, respectively. In the event of a regional slowdown in the economic activity in these regions, or any other developments including political or civil unrest, disruption or sustained economic downturn that reduce the demand for our services in these regions, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, which are largely dependent on the performance and other prevailing conditions affecting the economies of these regions. 

**_17. We rely on the performance of third parties, including third party patient service centers and pick-up points, for a portion of our business, and any deficiency in services provided by them could adversely affect our business and reputation._** 

We rely on the performance of third parties, including third party patient service centers and channel partners, who may be responsible for setting up facilities, procuring equipment instruments and supplies, recruiting employees, running facilities, and sourcing the samples for providing diagnostic healthcare services. 

As of December 31, 2018, in addition to owned patient service centers, our service network includes 1,375 third-party patient service centers which are operated by third parties under the ‘Metropolis’ brand. We derived 9.24%, 6.97%, 6.53% and 5.45% of our revenue from operations from these third-party patient service centers for the nine months period ended December 31, 2018 and financial years 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. We cannot assure you that there will be no disruptions in the provision of such services or that these third-parties will adhere to their contractual obligations. If there is a disruption in the third-party services, or breach of contractual obligations, or if the third-party service providers discontinue their service agreements with us, our business could be adversely affected and may result in litigation or other costs. Such additional costs, in addition to the cost of entering into agreements with third-parties in the same industry, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. If any third party service provider terminates its contractual arrangement with our Company, we cannot assure you that we will be able to replace it with other third party service provider in a timely manner and at acceptable terms, or at all. 

We cannot assure you that the performance of such third-party patient service centers will meet our required specifications or performance parameters. Our third-party service providers are contractually obligated to operate their service centers in accordance with the requirements and standards set forth in our contractual arrangements with them, however, third-party patient service centers are independent third parties over which we have limited control and we may be subject to liability in case of their non-compliance with agreed standards. In addition, although we have exclusivity provisions under some of our arrangements with these third-party patient service centers, we may be unable to enforce such provisions and they may provide their services to our competitors. We may also be restricted from directly providing services in certain areas where these third-party patient service centers are located. As a result, our growth, results of operations and the integrity of our brand depends on the performance of these third-party patient service centers. We cannot assure you that the third-party patient service centers will be able to generate adequate revenue consistently, and we may be exposed to credit risks associated with non-payment or untimely payments by our third-party patient service centers as well as risk arising out of negligence or non-performance by our third-party patient service centers. 

We also rely on the performance of our pick-up points, including large and small-scale hospitals, nursing homes, private laboratories, radiology centers, diagnostic centers and other healthcare service providers for a portion of our business. We collect specimens from our pick-up points, on a periodic basis, for processing in our clinical laboratories. While our pick-up points are obligated to conduct certain operations including specimen collection, handling, labelling, preparation, packaging and storage process in accordance with our requirements and standards, our pick-up points are independent third parties over which we have limited control. Failure of our pick-up points to meet our quality standards could result in us not being able to effectively provide our services and adversely affect our business and reputation. 

29 

**_18. Any cancellation of contract or rejection, delay or failure by our institutional customers, including our customers in ‘Laboratory in Hospital’ model and Public-Private Partnership contract with National Aids Control Organization, to make payments under the contract may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects._** 

We rely on our institutional customers, including our customers in ‘Laboratory in Hospital’ model and PublicPrivate Partnership (“ **PPP** ”) contract with National Aids Control Organization (“ **NACO** ”), for a portion of our business. We derived 58.36%, 57.53%, 60.55% and 61.64% of our revenue from operations from our institutional customers for the nine months period ended December 31, 2018 and financial years 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. However, we are exposed to the risk of rejection, delay or failure by our institutional customers to make payment for claims we submit for services rendered. An increase in claims rejections or prolonged or repeated failures by our institutional customers to make payments may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, we are also exposed to the risk of cancellation of the contract and subsequent blacklisting by NACO in case we fail to provide our services effectively, which would adversely affect our ability to obtain additional PPP tenders in the future. In case we get blacklisted from participating in future tenders issued by NACO or other government entities, it could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

**_19. Non-compliance with and changes in any of the applicable laws, rules or regulations, including safety, health and environmental laws, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our laboratories through which we provide services are “clinical establishments” under the Clinical Establishments (Registration and Regulation) Act, 2010 (“ **CERR Act** ”) and the Clinical Establishments (Central Government) Rules, 2012 (“ **CECG Rules** ”) and the respective state legislation in this regard. These laws and regulations require registration and regulation of clinical establishments in India, prescribe minimum standards, requires clinical establishments to charge rates for its facilities and services within the range as determined by the Central Governments, and provide penalties in case of any contravention. 

We are also subject to a broad range of safety, health and environmental laws and various labor, workplace and related laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, which impose controls on the disposal and storage of raw materials, bio-medical waste and water discharges, on the storage, handling, discharge and disposal of chemicals, employee exposure to hazardous substances and other aspects of our operations. For example, the Biomedical Waste Management Rules, 2016 (“ **Biomedical Waste Rules** ”) are applicable to all persons generating, collecting, receiving, storing, transporting, treating, disposing or handling bio-medical waste in any form including hospitals, clinics and pathological laboratories. The Biomedical Waste Rules prescribe different categories of waste and various treatment and disposal options. Non-compliance in the discharge of medical waste or of other hazardous substances or other pollutants into the soil or water may cause us to be liable to the government and regulatory bodies or to third parties. In addition, we may be required to incur costs to remedy the damage caused by such discharges, pay fines or other penalties for non-compliance. For instance, a criminal complaint has been filed against us alleging (i) illegal dumping of bio medical waste in the compound of our Company’s Registered Office; (ii) keeping municipal waste outside the compound of our Company’s Registered Office; and (iii) discharging hazardous bio-medical wastes into storm water drains situated in the vicinity of our Company’s Registered Office, and that we are, therefore, violating, amongst others, the provisions of the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986 read with Bio-Medical Waste (Management) Rules, 2016. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 549. 

If a determination is made that we are in violation of any of the applicable laws, rules or regulations, including conditions in the permits required for our operations, we may be subjected to regulatory sanctions, have to pay fines, modify or discontinue our operations, incur additional operating costs or make capital expenditures which would adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, applicable laws, rules or regulations or policies, may also adversely affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. Further, the adoption of stricter applicable laws and regulations, 

30 

stricter interpretations of existing laws, increased governmental enforcement of laws or other developments in the future may require that we make additional capital expenditures, incur additional expenses or take other actions in order to remain compliant and maintain our current operations. Complying with, and changes in, these laws and regulations or terms of approval may increase our compliance costs and adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

We are also subject to the laws and regulations governing relationships with employees in such areas as minimum wage, gratuity, provident fund and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and termination of employees, contract labour and work permits. There is a risk that we may inadvertently fail to comply with such regulations, which could lead to enforced shutdowns and other sanctions imposed by the relevant authorities, as well as the withholding or delay in receipt of regulatory approvals. We cannot assure you that we will not be involved in future litigation or other proceedings or be held liable in any litigation or proceedings including in relation to safety, health and environmental matters, the costs of which may be significant. 

**_20. We require certain approvals, licenses, registrations and permits for conducting our business and our inability to obtain, retain or renew them in a timely manner, or at all, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our operations are subject to extensive government regulation and we are required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory registrations, permits and approvals under central, state and local government rules in India, generally for carrying out our business and for each of our facilities. For details, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 559. The regulatory licenses that we require are typically granted for a limited term and are subject to renewal at the end of such terms. We cannot assure that we will be able to obtain or renew all necessary licenses and registrations as and when required, within a reasonable time, or at all. 

Our licenses and approvals are subject to various conditions, including periodic renewal and maintenance standards that are subject to inspection and may require us to incur substantial expenditure. Any actual or alleged failure on our part to comply with the terms and conditions of such regulatory licenses and registrations could expose us to significant compliance costs or liabilities or could affect our ability to continue our operations. Further, in the event certain accreditations, are made compulsory, either by law or as a condition for empanelment, our business and operations may be adversely affected until such time we receive such accreditations. 

If we fail to obtain or renew any applicable approvals, licenses, registrations or consents in a timely manner, we may not be able to undertake certain operations of our business, or at all, which may affect our business or results of operations. We cannot assure you that the approvals, licenses, registrations or permits issued to us will not be suspended or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. In addition, any suspension, revocation or termination of one or more of our operational licenses may also lead to consequences under the terms of our other licenses. Any failure to renew the approvals that have expired, or to apply for and obtain the required approvals, licenses, registrations or consents, or any suspension or revocation of any of the approvals, licenses, registrations or consents that have been or may be issued to us, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. For details of material approvals not obtained by our Company in relation to its material patient service centers and laboratories, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 559. 

In respect of the third party patient service centres, all applicable licenses, consents and approvals are maintained by the respective third party. We cannot assure that these third parties will obtain, maintain and renew such licenses, consents and approvals on an ongoing basis. Any failure to maintain such licenses, consents and approvals by such third parties may expose us to penalties, regulatory and statutory sanctions and proceedings, imposition of obligations to take corrective measures, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

31 

**_21. Our operations may be adversely affected by the effects of health pandemics, civil disturbances, social unrest, hostilities or acts of terrorism, natural disasters such as extreme weather events and other criminal activities._** 

Certain events that are beyond our control, such as health pandemics, terrorist attacks, natural calamities and other acts of violence or war, may adversely affect worldwide financial and Indian markets, and could potentially lead to a severe economic recession, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and more generally, any of these events could lower confidence in India’s economy. 

India has experienced social unrest in some parts of the country. If such tensions occur in other parts of the country leading to overall political and economic instability, it could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and the trading price of our Equity Shares. India has also experienced natural calamities such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods and droughts in the past. Instances of floods or other natural calamities could have an adverse effect on our business and the price of our Equity Shares. Such events may result in a temporary decline in the number of patients who seek clinical testing services or in our employees’ ability to perform their duties. In addition, such events may temporarily interrupt our ability to transport specimens, to receive materials from our suppliers or otherwise to provide our services. For instance, recent floods in the south Indian state of Kerala caused major disruptions in our operations and adversely affected our business. 

**_22. The diagnostics industry in India is highly competitive and our inability to compete effectively may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The diagnostics industry in India is highly competitive with several companies present in the market, and therefore it is challenging to improve market share and profitability. Our competitors include diagnostic healthcare service providers in India, hospital-based laboratories, independent clinical laboratories, other smaller-scale providers of diagnostic services (with more established local and regional presence in certain geographies) such as pathology, radiology laboratories and preventive care providers as well as international service providers which may establish and expand their operations in future. We compete on the breadth of our test offerings, the geographical reach of our network, our ability to accurately process specimens and report data in a timely manner and our customer relationships. Some of our competitors may have greater financial, research and development, marketing and other resources, broader service offerings, more experience in obtaining regulatory approvals or greater geographic reach. 

Also, the pricing-related competition may intensify in the near future which may have an adverse impact on the results of our operations, including our profit margins. Increase in the number of comparable diagnostic healthcare facilities may exert additional pricing pressure on some or all of our services. In addition, we may price our services differently in different regions of India, which may lead to patient dissatisfaction. Our competitors may also succeed in providing services that are more effective, popular or cheaper than ours, which may render our services uncompetitive. Our larger competitors may also have the benefit of increased cost efficiencies and provide services similar to ours at a significant discount to our prices. If we are unable to compete effectively, our business could decline or contract and our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

**_23. Implementation of pricing policies by the Government or other authorities could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The prices that we charge for our services could become subject to recommended or maximum fees set by the Government or other authorities. For example, the government could introduce “price lists” for services that could be mandatory or, even if not mandatory, result in guidance for the prices we charge for our diagnostic healthcare services. The implementation of such or other policies affecting the prices we charge could, in effect, limit our ability to charge customers higher prices for our services, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

32 

**_24. We depend on third-parties to provide us our testing equipment and reagents, and any failure to continue to do so or recall of existing testing equipment and reagents could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We depend on third-party vendors and suppliers to procure our testing equipment and reagents and we enter into contractual arrangements with them. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to obtain adequate supplies of equipment, reagents and test kits, in a timely manner and without any defects, in the future. For instance, our vendors have faced several issues in importing reagents and test kits in the past, including difficulty in obtaining clearance from the Drug Controller General of India, which have affected our ability to provide our services in a timely manner. Any such reductions or interruptions in the supply of equipment or reagents, defects in reagent and test kits and any inability on our part to find alternate sources for the procurement of such items, may have an adverse effect on our ability to provide our services in a timely or cost effective manner. Further, the procurement cost of foreign produced testing equipment and reagents may increase due to depreciation of Indian Rupee, and the suppliers may therefore demand to renegotiate the supply contracts with us. In the event of an increase in the price of such items, we cannot assure you that we will be able to correspondingly increase the price of our services. 

Further, the agreements under which we procure our testing equipment and reagents are exclusive in nature and we are required to purchase all our reagents, test kits, consumables and disposables for a certain minimum quantity or value of purchases from the suppliers with whom we have contracted, or their authorized agents. Any disruption in our business could result in us not meeting our minimum purchase obligations under these agreements resulting in an event of default. Such default could potentially disrupt our supply of reagents, and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition, under our lease and reagent supply agreements, the supplier typically has the discretion to terminate the agreement with written notice in the event of a breach of any material term or condition of such agreement, including on account of a default in the purchase of a committed amount of reagents or payment of the rent or lease fee. In addition, manufacturers may discontinue the supply of, or recall reagents, test kits, instruments or equipment which could adversely affect our operations. Any such recall or termination and consequent removal of the installed equipment can adversely affect our operations. 

**_25. Failure or malfunction of our equipment could adversely affect our ability to conduct our operations._** 

Our operations are subject to risks inherent in the use of complex medical equipment. We may experience failures or there could be injury to our employees or others either because of defects, faulty maintenance or repair, or improper use or lack of timely servicing of our equipment. Any significant malfunction or breakdown of our equipment may entail significant repair and maintenance costs and cause disruptions in our operations. Any injury caused by our medical equipment in our laboratories due to equipment defects, improper maintenance or improper operation could subject us to liability claims. We cannot assure you that we would be able effectively respond to any such events, in a timely manner and at an acceptable cost, which could lead to an inability to effectively provide our services and, therefore, affect our business and reputation. 

**_26. Failure to acquire new or improved equipment could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Competition among manufacturers for a greater share of the diagnostic healthcare equipment market may accelerate the development of new technologies and, consequently, result in the obsolescence of our equipment, and we may not have the financial ability to acquire new or improved equipment and may not be able to maintain a competitive equipment base. We may consequently be unable to deliver our diagnostic healthcare services in an efficient and effective manner and, as a result, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_27. Technological advancement may lead to more cost-effective technologies or non-invasive diagnostic healthcare tests that can be performed without the use of specialized diagnostic healthcare service centers or laboratories, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Technological advancement could lead to the development of more cost-effective technologies or noninvasive diagnostic healthcare tests which are more convenient or less expensive than the tests that we offer. 

33 

The introduction of such technology and its subsequent use by our existing and potential patients could lead to a decline in the demand for our services. Our patients are often referred to us by doctors that choose to outsource their testing, usually because they lack the expertise or the resources to conduct the testing themselves in a cost-effective manner. Advances in technology may lead to the development of more costeffective tests that can be performed outside a commercial clinical laboratory, such as tests that can be performed by hospitals in their own laboratories, point-of-care tests that can be performed by doctors in their surgeries, or home-testing that can be performed by patients or other non-medical professionals themselves, such as pregnancy and diabetes tests. In addition, manufacturers of laboratory equipment and test kits could seek to increase their sales by marketing point-of-care laboratory equipment to physicians and by selling test kits approved for home use to both physicians and patients. Increased testing by physicians in their offices and home use by patients could affect the market for our services and, therefore, adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_28. Failure to introduce new tests, services and technologies could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The diagnostic healthcare services industry is subject to constant innovations in, and improvements to tests and services, processes and technologies. In order to maintain our position in our industry, we must continue to anticipate and keep abreast of the demands and needs of our patients through investing in technologies to develop new tests and services and improve existing tests and services. If we fail to anticipate trends in the industry, or we are not able to introduce or develop new tests, services and technologies before or at least concurrently with our competitors and at competitive prices, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_29. We rely on our information technology platform for the operation of our business and to protect our patients’ personal information, and any disruption to our systems, or failure to protect such confidential information, could adversely affect our business and reputation and result in litigation._** 

We have information technology systems that support our business processes, including for conducting tests, transmission of testing results, billing services, quality control, tracking logistics, human resources, finance and other patient service functions. As a result, our business depends on the capacity, reliability and security of our technology systems, as well as the systems of third-party information technology vendors whom we engage and will continue to do so. These systems may be susceptible to outages due to fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, natural disasters, break-ins and similar events. Effective response to such disruptions will require effort and diligence on the part of our third-party vendors and employees to avoid any adverse effect to our information technology systems. In addition, our systems and proprietary data stored electronically may be vulnerable to computer viruses, cybercrime, computer hacking and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering. Sustained system failures or interruption of our systems (including systems of third-party information technology vendors) in one or more of our laboratory operations could disrupt our ability to process laboratory requisitions, perform testing, provide test results in a timely manner and bill the appropriate party. The occurrence of any such events could adversely affect our business, interrupt our operations, subject us to increased operating costs and expose us to litigation. 

Further, we must comply with privacy laws and regulations with respect to the use, storage and disclosure of protected patients’ health information, as well as laws pertaining to the electronic transmission of such information, such as the Information Technology (Reasonable security practices and procedures and sensitive personal data on information) Rules, 2011. In the ordinary course of our business, we receive certain personal information about our customers and their patients, including by electronic means. Accordingly, we depend upon our internal information technology system for the storage and transmission of such confidential information. A compromise in our security systems (including systems of third-party information technology vendors) that results in customer or patient personal information being obtained by unauthorized persons or our failure to comply with security requirements for use, storage and transmission of sensitive information could adversely affect our reputation with our customers and result in litigation against us or the imposition of penalties and fines, all of which may adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Further, new requirements for additional security and protection of the privacy of patient information could prove technically difficult, time-consuming or expensive to implement. Failure to comply with privacy laws and regulations may adversely impact our business and reputation and result in litigation. 

34 

**_30. If we pursue strategic acquisitions, we may not be able to successfully consummate favorable transactions or successfully integrate acquired businesses._** 

From time to time, we may evaluate potential acquisitions that would further strategic objectives of our Company. 

However, we may not be able to (i) identify or secure suitable investment or acquisition opportunities, or our competitors may capitalize on such opportunities before we do; (ii) obtain requisite approvals from governmental authorities on a timely basis; (iii) consummate a transaction without delay and on terms that are favorable to us; or (iv) achieve expected returns and other benefits as a result of integration challenges or anti-monopoly regulations. Further, companies or operations acquired or joint ventures created by us may not be profitable and may have unidentified issues not discovered in our due diligence process including hidden liabilities and legal contingencies or may not achieve sales levels and profitability that justify the investments made. Our corporate development activities may entail financial and operational risks, including diversion of management attention and other resources from its existing core businesses, difficulty in integrating, retaining or separating personnel and financial and other systems, and negative impacts on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers. If we fail to successfully source, execute and integrate investments or acquisitions, we may have to discontinue the operations of acquired companies and write off our investments, and as a result our overall growth could be impaired, and our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. For instance, we discontinued our business operations in Metropolis Healthcare (Chandigarh) Private Limited in Fiscal 2017 and divested our stakes in Metropolis Health Product Retail Private Limited, Metropolis Health Services South Africa (Pty) Ltd and Mulay Metropolis Healthcare Private Limited in Fiscals 2016, 2017 and 2018, respectively. Future acquisitions could also result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities and increased operating expenses, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

**_31. Employee misconduct or failure of our internal processes or procedures could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain patients and subject us to significant legal liability and reputational harm._** 

Our business is exposed to the risk of employee misconduct or the failure of our internal processes and procedures. For example, misconduct by employees could involve the improper use or disclosure of confidential information, which could result in costly litigation and serious reputational or financial harm. While we strive to monitor, detect and prevent fraud or misappropriation by our employees, through various internal control measures and insurance coverage, we may be unable to adequately prevent or deter such activities in all cases. While we have been able to identify such issues in the past, there could be instances of fraud and misconduct by our employees, which may go unnoticed for certain periods of time before corrective action is taken. For instance, during the financial year 2014, we identified instances of misappropriation of customer collection by our employees for an amount of ₹ 4.80 million and have, accordingly, included a provision in this regard in our financial statements. In addition, we may be subject to regulatory or other proceedings in connection with any such unauthorized transaction, fraud or misappropriation by our employees, which could adversely affect our goodwill, business prospects and future financial performance. Even when we identify instances of fraud and other misconduct and pursue legal recourse or file claims with our insurance carriers, we cannot assure you that we will recover any amounts lost through such fraud or other misconduct. 

**_32. If we are unable to establish and maintain an effective internal controls and compliance system, our business and reputation could be adversely affected._** 

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal measures commensurate with the size and complexity of operations. Our internal audit functions make an evaluation of the adequacy and effectiveness of internal systems on an ongoing basis so that our laboratories adhere to our policies, compliance requirements and internal guidelines. We periodically test and update our internal processes and systems and there have been no past material instances of failure to maintain effective internal controls and compliance system. However, we are exposed to operational risks arising from the potential inadequacy or failure of internal processes or systems, and our actions may not be sufficient to ensure effective internal checks and balances in all circumstances. 

35 

We take reasonable steps to maintain appropriate procedures for compliance and disclosure and to maintain effective internal controls over our financial reporting so that we produce reliable financial reports and prevent financial fraud. As risks evolve and develop, internal controls must be reviewed on an ongoing basis. Maintaining such internal controls requires human diligence and compliance and is therefore subject to lapses in judgment and failures that result from human error. Any lapses in judgment or failures that result from human error can affect the accuracy of our financial reporting, resulting in a loss of investor confidence and a decline in the price of our equity shares. 

Further, our operations are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations. These laws generally prohibit us and our employees and intermediaries from bribing, being bribed or making other prohibited payments to government officials or other persons to obtain or retain business or gain some other business advantage. We participate in collaborations and relationships with third parties whose actions could potentially subject us to liability under these laws or other local anti-corruption laws. While our code of conduct requires our employees and intermediaries to comply with all applicable laws, and we continue to enhance our policies and procedures in an effort to ensure compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations, these measures may not prevent the breach of such anti-corruption laws, as there are risks of such breaches in emerging markets, such as India, including within the healthcare sector. If we are not in compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement and other sanctions and remedial measures, and legal expenses, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Likewise, any investigation of any potential violations of anti-corruption laws by the relevant authorities could also have an adverse impact on our business and reputation. 

# **_33. We may be subject to legal proceedings arising out of patient complaints in relation to our services, which could adversely affect our business and reputation._** 

We may receive patient complaints arising out of any alleged deficiency, negligence or malpractice in relation to the services that we provide. In the past, we have received such complaints from patients on various grounds, including alleged delays in providing test results and incorrect results or misdiagnoses. For details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 549. Presently, we are involved in three consumer complaints pertaining to alleged wrong or inaccurate test reports involving claims aggregating to ₹ 6.70 million. In addition, members of our staff and our healthcare personnel may be subject to malpractice claims, and we may be impleaded in such claims as co-defendants. Such events may generate adverse publicity about our business and reduce customer confidence in the quality of our services. While we have established systems and procedures to help minimize errors that can arise during the collection of specimens and the testing and delivery of reports, any failure in our systems and procedures may lead to the delivery of inaccurate or untimely results exposing us to civil and criminal proceedings. 

We may also be subject to professional liability claims, including for the improper use or malfunction of our diagnostic equipment, contamination or injury arising from exposure to radiation, or for infections or other complications arising from the specimen collection process. 

Further, our operations involve the use of hazardous materials. Such materials are hazardous unless properly managed and contained and we typically contract third parties for the disposal of such materials and wastes. However, we cannot completely eliminate the risk of contamination of the environment or injury to our employees or others from the use, storage, handling or disposal of these materials. For instance, a criminal complaint has been filed against us alleging, amongst other things, (i) illegal dumping of bio medical waste in the compound of our Company’s Registered Office; (ii) keeping municipal waste outside the compound of our Company’s Registered Office; and (iii) discharging hazardous bio-medical wastes into storm water drains situated in the vicinity of our Company’s Registered Office. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 549. 

In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use of hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties. If we are found to be in violation, we may be subject to any applicable penalties associated with such violations, including civil and criminal penalties; damages and fines; loss of various licenses, certifications, accreditations or authorizations; orders to refund payments received by us; or orders to curtail 

36 

or cease our operations. Consequently, any patient complaints or litigation brought against us as a result of our services may adversely affect our reputation and brand, result in the imposition of fines and divert the attention of our management from our operations, which could adversely affect our business and reputation. 

**_34. We are dependent on a number of key personnel, including our senior management and qualified and experienced laboratory professionals, and the loss of, or our inability to attract or retain such persons could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our performance depends largely on the efforts and abilities of our senior management and other key personnel. The inputs and experience of our senior management and key managerial personnel are valuable for the development of business and operations and the strategic directions taken by our Company. We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain these employees or find adequate replacements in a timely manner, or at all. We may require a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when qualified personnel terminate their employment with our Company. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting employees that our business requires. 

In addition, our sustained growth depends on our ability to attract, train, motivate and retain qualified and experienced laboratory professionals, including physicians, pathologists and scientists. Our inability to attract and retain such skilled personnel, especially in smaller cities in India, could result in a decrease in the quality of our services. Across our operations, we experienced attrition of 22.56% for the nine months period ended December 31, 2018 and 32.60%, 36.85%, 26.69%, 15.64% and 11.91% for the financial years 2018, 2017, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, of our employees in India. However, we cannot assure you that these individuals will not leave us or join a competitor. The growth and success of our business depends, in part, on the professional reputation of our healthcare professionals and technicians and their personal relationship with our patients. Therefore, the loss of services of our healthcare professionals and technicians, failure to recruit suitable replacements in a timely manner or the need to incur additional expenses to recruit and train new personnel could adversely affect our operations. 

Further, if any of our executive officers or key employees joins a competitor or forms a competing company, we may lose know-how, trade secrets, customers and key professionals and staff. The occurrence of any such events could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_35. We conduct certain business operations on leased premises and our inability to renew such leases may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

As of December 31, 2018, 366 of our laboratories, patient service centers and business premises are on leasehold or leave and license basis. In case of any deficiency in the title of the owners from whose premises we operate, breach of the contractual terms of any lease, leave and license agreements, or if any of the owners of these premises do not renew the agreements under which we occupy the premises, or if they seek to renew such agreements on terms and conditions unfavorable to us, or if they terminate our agreements, we may suffer a disruption in our operations and will have to look for alternate premises. Further, in respect of certain laboratories, patient service centres and business premises, we are in the process of entering into fresh or renewed written arrangements for lease or leave and license, as the case may be. We may be unable to relocate our laboratories and other offices in a timely manner or at acceptable terms, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, some of our lease agreements and leave and license agreements may not have been duly stamped as per applicable law or registered with the registering authority of the appropriate jurisdiction. An instrument not duly stamped, or insufficiently stamped, is not admitted as evidence in any Indian court or may even attract a penalty as prescribed under applicable law, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_36. We may become subject to professional malpractice liability, which could be costly and, therefore, could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Although we do not believe our operations or activities constitute the practice of medicine, nevertheless, claims, suits or complaints relating to services provided by our laboratories may be asserted against us in the 

37 

future. In addition, we may be subject to professional liability claims, including, without limitation, for improper use or malfunction of our diagnostic imaging equipment or for accidental contamination or injury from exposure to radiation. 

We may not be able to maintain and currently do not maintain liability insurance to protect us against such claims. Any claim made against our Company that is not fully covered by insurance could be costly to defend, result in a substantial damage award against us and divert the attention of our management from our operations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_37. We are subject to risks associated with our overseas operations, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We conduct certain of our operations in foreign countries including Ghana, Nepal, Oman, Nigeria, UAE, Kenya, Mauritius, Sri Lanka and Zambia. Our revenue from operations outside India was ₹ 400.10 million and ₹ 520.72 million, which accounted for 7.15% and 8.09% of our revenue from operations for the nine months ended December 31, 2018 and financial year 2018, respectively. Our international operations are subject to risks that are specific to each country and region in which we operate as well as risks associated with international operations in general. Any adverse weather conditions, social, economic and geopolitical conditions, such as natural disasters, civil disturbance, terrorist attacks, war or other military action in these regions could affect our business and operations. In addition, compliance with local laws, including legal constraints on ownership and corporate structure, environmental, health, safety, labour and accounting laws, may impose onerous and expensive obligations on us. If we are unable to comply with such laws, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_38. Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or may not adequately protect us against all material hazards, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The principal types of coverage under our insurance policies include directors’ and officers’ liability, fire and other allied perils and professional indemnity liability. As of December 31, 2018, our Company’s total assets as per Restated Standalone Summary Statements was ₹ 5,456.91 million, and the insurance coverage on such assets was ₹ 1,272.91 million, or 23.34%. 

The insurance coverage which we maintain is reasonably adequate to cover the normal risks associated with the operation of our businesses. Even if we have insurance for the incident giving rise to the loss, we may be required to pay a significant deductible on any claim for recovery of such a loss, or the amount of the loss may exceed our coverage for the loss. However, we cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honored fully, in part or on time, or that we have obtained sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, and while we have no reason to believe that we will not be able to renew our existing insurance coverage as and when such policies expire, or obtain comparable coverage from similar institutions as may be necessary or appropriate to conduct our businesses as now conducted, we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, or at acceptable cost, or at all. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage, or successful assertion of one or more large claims against us for events for which we are not insured, or for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, or which is not covered in full or part by insurance, exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. For further details on our insurance arrangements, see “ _Our Business – Insurance_ ” on page 163. 

# **_39. We face foreign exchange risks that could adversely affect our results of operations._** 

We make payment for certain equipment in Euro and US dollars and as such, we are exposed to fluctuations in exchange rates between Euro, US Dollar and the Indian Rupee. Further, a small portion of our revenues, particularly relating to our overseas operations, is denominated in currencies other than Indian Rupees. We are exposed to the risk of incurring potential losses if currencies fluctuate significantly. Any such losses on account of foreign exchange fluctuations may adversely affect our results of operations. 

38 

**_40. Our Promoters and Promoter Group will continue to exert substantial voting control over our Company after completion of the Offer, which may limit your ability to influence the outcome of matters submitted for approval of our shareholders._** 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters and Promoter Group together hold 67.80% (including nominee shareholding) of our pre-Offer Equity Share capital. For further details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 20. Further, Ameera Sushil Shah, Dr. Sushil Kanubhai Shah, Dr. Duru Sushil Shah, Metz Advisory LLP, CA Lotus Investments and our Company have executed a share purchase agreement dated September 27, 2018  pursuant to which CA Lotus Investments has agreed to sell and Metz Advisory LLP or any other person whom Metz Advisory LLP assigns, subject to certain terms and conditions, has agreed to purchase 1,061,096 Equity Shares (“ **Purchase Shares** ”), which will further increase our Promoters’ shareholding in our Company. The Purchase Shares will be transferred to Metz Advisory LLP or any other person whom Metz Advisory LLP assigns, subject to certain terms and conditions, between the filing of this Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus with RoC. For further details, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters_ ”on page 168. Following the completion of the Offer, our Promoters and Promoter Group, may continue to hold a majority of our Company’s post-Offer Equity Share capital. This concentration of ownership could limit your ability to influence corporate matters requiring shareholders’ approval. Our Promoters and Promoter Group will have the ability to significantly influence matters requiring shareholders’ approval, including the ability to appoint Directors on our Board and the right to approve significant actions at Board and at shareholders’ meetings, including the issuance of Equity Shares and dividend payments, business plans, mergers and acquisitions, any consolidation or joint venture arrangements, any amendment to our Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association. In addition, if our shareholders do not act together, such matters requiring shareholders’ approval may be delayed or may not occur at all, which could adversely affect our business. Moreover, these shareholders are not obligated to provide any business opportunities to us. If such other shareholders invest in another company in competition with us, we may lose the support provided to us by them, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We cannot assure you that our existing shareholders will not have conflicts of interest with other shareholders or with our Company. Any such conflict may adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy or to operate our business. 

**_41. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the equity shareholders._** 

We have entered into various transactions with related parties, including for the purposes of, among other things, purchase of goods and services, purchase of fixed assets and repayment of loan. Further, our Company has entered into leave and license agreement with Dr. Sushil Kanubhai Shah in relation to leave and license of a property situated at Gamdevi, Mumbai. For further details of such interests, see “ _Our Management_ ” and “ _Related Party Transactions_ ” on pages 196 and 217, respectively. 

While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis and contain commercially reasonable terms, we cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favorable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. It is likely that we may enter into related party transactions in the future. For details on our related party transactions, see “ _Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 217. We cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, even if entered into at arms-length terms, will always be in the best interests of our shareholders and will not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_42. There are certain ongoing litigations pertaining to our Registered Office._** 

There are certain ongoing criminal and civil litigations in respect of our Registered Office, pertaining to, amongst other things, our Company’s title to the property and our operations at our Registered Office. For details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments – Litigations in relation to/ arising out of dispute pertaining to our Registered Office”_ on page 549. We cannot assure you that these legal proceedings will be decided in our favour, or that no further liability will arise out of these proceedings. In case these legal proceedings are decided against us, we may have to give up the possession of the Registered Office. We cannot assure that we will be able to find a similar office premises in and around the same location at acceptable terms and in a timely manner. This may lead to disruption of our business operations. 

39 

**_43. We are unable to trace certain regulatory forms, which could subject us to liability._** 

We are unable to trace copies of certain forms filed by Pathnet India Private Limited (prior to acquisition by our Company) in the past under the foreign exchange laws with respect to investments made in Pathnet India Private Limited by persons resident outside India. While we believe that the forms were duly filed on a timely basis, we have not been able to obtain copies of the form filings including forms FC-TRS and FC-GPR in relation to certain of these past investments. We cannot assure you that these forms will be available in the future or that we will not be subject to any penalties imposed by the relevant regulatory authority in this respect. 

# **_44. If we are unable to raise additional capital, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected_** 

We will continue to incur significant expenditure in maintaining and growing our existing infrastructure. We cannot assure you that we will have sufficient capital resources for our current operations or any future expansion plans that we may have. While we expect our cash on hand and cash flow from operations to be adequate to fund our existing commitments, our ability to incur any future borrowings is dependent upon the success of our operations. Additionally, the inability to obtain sufficient financing could adversely affect our ability to complete expansion plans. Our ability to arrange financing and the costs of capital of such financing are dependent on numerous factors, including general economic and capital market conditions, credit availability from banks, investor confidence, the continued success of our operations and other laws that are conducive to our raising capital in this manner. Any unfavorable change to terms of borrowings may adversely affect our cash flows, results of operations and financial conditions. If we decide to meet our capital requirements through debt financing, we may be subject to certain restrictive covenants. If we are unable to raise adequate capital in a timely manner and on acceptable terms, or at all, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

**_45. We may be affected by strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees that could interfere with our operations._** 

As of December 31, 2018, we have 4,113 employees and, we have been informed that certain employees are in the process of forming trade unions. We cannot assure you that our relations with our employees shall remain cordial at all times and that employees will not undertake or participate in strikes, work stoppages or other industrial actions in the future. Any labour disruptions may affect our operations, thereby adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_46. Certain of our Promoters, Directors and key managerial personnel have interests in our Company in addition to their normal remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses incurred._** 

Certain of our Promoters, Directors and key managerial personnel have interests in our Company that are in addition to reimbursement of expenses and normal remuneration payable to them. Certain Promoters, Directors and key managerial personnel may be deemed to be interested to the extent of Equity Shares held by them, as well as to the extent of any dividends, bonuses or other distributions on such Equity Shares. Further, pursuant to the terms of an agreement entered into between our Company, our Promoters, Dr. Duru Sushil Shah and CA Lotus Investments, our Promoter, Metz Advisory LLP or any other person whom Metz Advisory LLP assigns, subject to certain terms and conditions, has an unconditional and irrevocable right to purchase up to 1,061,096 Equity Shares, from CA Lotus Investments, which will further increase our Promoters’ shareholding in our Company. We cannot assure you that our Promoters, Directors and our key management personnel will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. Further, our Company has entered into leave and license agreement with our Promoter, Dr. Sushil Kanubhai Shah, in relation to leave and license of a property situated at Gamdevi, Mumbai. For further details of such interests, see “ _Our Management_ ” and “ _Related Party Transactions_ ” on pages 196 and 217, respectively. 

**_47. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements and capital expenditure. Any future determination as to the declaration and 

40 

payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. Additionally, our ability to pay dividends may also be restricted by the terms of financing arrangements that we may enter into. Dividends distributed by us will attract dividend distribution tax at rates applicable from time to time. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. For further details, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 218. 

**_48. Grant of stock options by our Company will result in a charge to our statement of profit and loss and will, to that extent, reduce our reported profits and lead to dilution in earnings per share in future periods._** 

Our Company has framed and implemented two employee stock option schemes – the Metropolis Employee Stock Option Scheme 2007 (“ **MESOS 2007** ”) and the Metropolis Employee Stock Option Scheme 2015 (“ **MESOS 2015** ”) (collectively, the “ **ESOP Schemes** ”). For further details, see “ _Capital Structure – Employee Stock Option Plans_ ” on page 105 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there are no outstanding grants or vested options under the MESOS 2007 and no additional options will be granted by our Company under the MESOS 2007, and accordingly the MESOS 2007 has been considered closed. 23,200 (not adjusted for sub-division and bonus issue) vested options held by certain former employees of the Company under the MESOS 2007 were cancelled on account of misconduct, as defined in MESOS 2007. Upon communication of the said cancellation of vested options, our Company has received certain communication from the aforesaid former employees which could be contentious in future 

Further, as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have 1,080,400 outstanding stock options under the MESOS 2015. Grant of stock options by our Company will result in a charge to our statement of profit and loss and will, to that extent, reduce our reported profits in future periods. Any issuance of the equity or equity-linked securities by us, including through exercise of employee stock options pursuant to the ESOP Schemes may dilute your shareholding in our Company, adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and our ability to raise capital through an issue of our securities. Although the pre-Offer shareholding of the shareholders (except Equity Shares allotted pursuant to exercise of employee stock options) is subject to lock-in as per applicable provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, disposal of a large number of Equity Shares by any significant shareholder of our Company after the expiry of the lock-in periods could adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares. Our employees may also choose to exercise the vested options and subsequently sell the Equity Shares upon listing. Any perception by investors that such issuances or sale might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

**_49. One of our Promoters, Metz Advisory LLP has availed unsecured debt facilities that can be recalled at any time by the lenders._** 

As of December 31, 2018, one of our Promoters, Metz Advisory LLP has availed unsecured debt facilities of ₹ 21.57 million from Ameera Sushil Shah and Dr. Sushil Kanubhai Shah (the “ **Lenders** ”), the terms of which allow the Lenders to recall the loan at any point in time. 

Additionally, Metz Advisory LLP may also avail unsecured debt facilities from Ameera Sushil Shah and Dr. Sushil Kanubhai Shah to fund the purchase of certain Equity Shares from CA Lotus Investments in terms of an agreement dated September 27, 2018, as disclosed in “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters_ ” on page 168. 

If Metz Advisory LLP is unable to repay such loan(s) at the time it is recalled for any reason whatsoever, an event of default could occur under the respective loan arrangement. This could not only adversely affect the business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations of Metz Advisory LLP but also the business and reputation of our Company. 

**_50. Our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer._** 

The Offer comprises of an offer for sale of up to 13,685,095 Equity Shares by the Selling Shareholders. The proceeds from the Offer (net of applicable expenses) will be paid to the Selling Shareholders, which includes our Promoter, Dr. Sushil Kanubhai Shah and the Investor Selling Shareholder, CA Lotus Investments, in 

41 

proportion of the respective portion of the Offered Shares transferred pursuant to the Offer, and our Company will not receive any such proceeds. 

# **External Risk Factors** 

# **_Risks Related to India_** 

# **_51. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against our Company._** 

Our Company is incorporated under the laws of India. Our Company’s assets are primarily located in India and substantially all of our Company’s Directors and Key Managerial Personnel are residents of India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce against them judgments obtained in courts outside India. 

Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13 of Civil Code on a statutory basis. Section 13 of the Civil Code provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated upon, except: (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction; (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case; (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or a refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable; (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice; (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud; and (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. Under the Civil Code, a court in India shall, upon the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgment, presume that the judgment was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record. However, under the Civil Code, such presumption may be displaced by proving that the court did not have jurisdiction. 

India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. Section 44A of the Civil Code provides that where a foreign judgment has been rendered by a superior court, within the meaning of that Section, in any country or territory outside of India which the Central Government has by notification declared to be in a reciprocating territory, it may be enforced in India by proceedings in execution as if the judgment had been rendered by the relevant court in India. However, Section 44A of the Civil Code is applicable only to monetary decrees not being of the same nature as amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges of a like nature or of a fine or other penalties. 

We have been advised by our Indian counsel that the United States and India do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments, other than arbitration awards, in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any federal or state court in the United States on civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the federal securities laws of the United States, would not be enforceable in India. However, the party in whose favour such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the United States. The suit must be brought in India within three years from the date of the judgment in the same manner as any other suit filed to enforce a civil liability in India. 

It is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action was brought in India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce a foreign judgment if that court were of the view that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy or Indian practice. It is uncertain as to whether an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments that would contravene or violate Indian law. However, a party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain approval from RBI under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, to execute such a judgment or to repatriate any amount recovered. 

**_52. Political, economic or other factors beyond our control may have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations._** 

The following external risks may have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations, should any of them materialize: 

42 

- increase in interest rates may adversely affect our access to capital and increase our borrowing costs, which may constrain our ability to grow our business and operate profitably; 

- political instability, resulting from a change in governmental or economic and fiscal policies, may adversely affect economic conditions in India. In recent years, India has implemented various economic and political reforms. Reforms in relation to land acquisition policies and trade barriers have led to increased incidents of social unrest in India over which we have no control; 

- strikes, lock-outs, work stoppages or increased wage demands by employees, suppliers or other service providers; 

- civil unrest, acts of violence, terrorist attacks, regional conflicts or situations or war; 

- India has experienced natural calamities such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods and drought in recent years’ 

- instability in the financial markets and volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; 

- decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves which may affect liquidity in the Indian economy; 

- 

   - downgrading of India’s sovereign debt rating by rating agencies; and 

- international business practices that may conflict with other customs or legal requirements to which we are subject to, including anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws; being subject to the jurisdiction of foreign courts, including uncertainty of judicial processes and difficulty enforcing contractual agreements or judgments in foreign legal systems or incurring additional costs to do so. 

If such events should impact the national or any regional economies, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

**_53. Global economic, political and social conditions may harm our ability to do business, negatively affect growth in the Indian economy or securities market, increase our costs and negatively affect the price of our Equity Shares._** 

The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Investors' reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located in other countries, including India. 

For instance, the economic downturn in the U.S. and several European countries during a part of financial years 2008 and 2009 adversely affected market prices in the global securities markets, including India. Negative economic developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficits, or a default on national debt, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy, including the movement of exchange rates and interest rates in India. 

**_54. Various challenges currently faced by the healthcare industry in India may also adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our business is affected by the various challenges currently faced by the Indian healthcare industry, including the provision of quality patient care in a competitive environment and managing costs. For example, healthcare costs in India have increased significantly over the past decade, and there have been and may continue to be proposals by legislators and regulators to limit the rate of increase, or lower, healthcare costs in India. Certain proposals by the Government of India, if passed, could impose, among other things, limitations on the prices we will be able to charge for our diagnostic healthcare services. 

43 

In addition, our business, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected by other factors that affect the broader Indian healthcare industry, such as: 

- general economic conditions which adversely impact the quantum of disposable income that can be allocated for healthcare services; 

- demographic changes, such as the increase in the percentage of elderly patients, which could result in increased government expenditures for healthcare services, in turn resulting in proposals to limit the rate of increase of healthcare costs in India; 

- the rate of expansion of health insurance coverage in India, as well as the number of and healthcare costs associates with uninsured and underinsured patients; 

- seasonal cycles of illness as a function of varying climate, weather conditions and disease outbreaks; and 

- recruitment and retention of qualified healthcare professionals. 

Any failure by us to effectively address these and other factors could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_55. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of tax laws, may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. For example, the Government of India implemented a comprehensive national goods and services tax (“ **GST** ”) regime with effect from July 1, 2017, that combines multiple taxes and levies by the Central and State Governments into a unified tax structure. However, given the recent introduction of the GST in India, there is no established practice regarding the implementation of, and compliance with, GST. Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by any unexpected or onerous requirements or regulations resulting from the introduction of GST or any changes in laws or interpretation of existing laws, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations relating to GST, as it is implemented. 

The Government has enacted the GAAR which have come into effect from April 1, 2017. The tax consequences of the GAAR provisions being applied to an arrangement could result in denial of tax benefit amongst other consequences. In the absence of any precedents on the subject, the application of these provisions is uncertain. If the GAAR provisions are made applicable to our Company, it may have an adverse tax impact on us. In addition, the implementation of Ind AS is recent and new pronouncements may have a material impact on our profitability going forward and our revenue may fluctuate significantly period over period. 

Unfavorable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

# **_56. Our business may be adversely affected by competition laws in India._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, as amended (“ **Competition Act** ”), regulates practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India. Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable 

44 

adverse effect on competition is considered void and results in the imposition of substantial monetary penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or provision of services, shares the market or source of production or provision of services by way of allocation of geographical area, type of goods or services or number of customers in the relevant market or directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. 

On March 4, 2011, the Government of India notified and brought into force the provisions under the Competition Act in relation to combinations (the “ **Combination Regulation Provisions** ”) with effect from June 1, 2011. The Combination Regulation Provisions require that acquisition of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations, which cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds, be mandatorily notified to and pre-approved by the Competition Commission of India (“ **CCI** ”). In addition, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued the final Competition Commission of India (Procedure in regard to the transaction of business relating to combinations) Regulations, 2011, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the Combination Regulation Provisions under the Competition Act. The manner in which the Competition Act and the CCI affect the business environment in India may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The applicability or interpretation of the Competition Act to any merger, amalgamation or acquisition proposed or undertaken by us, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by CCI for alleged violation of provisions of the Competition Act may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_57. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

**_58. Inflation in India could have an adverse effect on our profitability and if significant, on our financial condition._** 

In the recent past, India has experienced fluctuating wholesale price inflation as compared to historical levels due to the global economic downturn. The annual rate of inflation was at 3.80% (provisional) for the month of December 2018 (over December 2017) as compared to 4.64% (provisional) for the previous month and 3.58% during the corresponding month of 2017. (Source: _Index Numbers of Wholesale Price in India, Review for the month of December 2018, published on January 14, 2019 by Government of India, Ministry of Commerce and Industry_ ). Continued high rates of inflation may increase our expenses related to salaries or wages payable to our employees, prices of raw materials or any other expenses that we incur. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pass on any additional expenses to our patients or that our revenue will increase proportionately corresponding to such inflation. Accordingly, high rates of inflation in India could have an adverse effect on our profitability and, if significant, on our financial condition. 

**_59. A slowdown in economic growth in India or political instability or changes in the Government in India could adversely affect our business_** 

Our performance and the growth of our business are necessarily dependent on the health of the overall Indian economy. In the recent past, Indian economy has been affected by global economic uncertainties and liquidity crisis, domestic policy and political environment, volatility in interest rates, currency exchange rates, commodity and electricity prices, adverse conditions affecting agriculture, rising inflation rates and various other factors. Risk management initiatives by banks and lenders in such circumstances could affect the availability of funds in the future or the withdrawal of our existing credit facilities. The Indian economy is undergoing many changes and it is difficult to predict the impact of certain fundamental economic changes on our business. Conditions outside India, such as a slowdown or recession in the economic growth of other major countries, have an impact on the growth of the Indian economy. Additionally, an increase in trade 

45 

deficit, a downgrading in India’s sovereign debt rating or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively affect interest rates and liquidity, which could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business. Any downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and the trading price of our Equity Shares. Volatility, negativity, or uncertain economic conditions could undermine the business confidence and could have a significant impact on our results of operations. Changing demand patterns from economic volatility and uncertainty could have a significant negative impact on our results of operations. 

**_60. Any adverse revision to India’s debt rating by a domestic or international rating agency could adversely affect our business._** 

India’s sovereign debt rating could be adversely affected due to various factors, including changes in tax or fiscal policy or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves, which are outside our control. Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by domestic or international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing, and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing is available. This could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance, ability to obtain financing for capital expenditures and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_Risks Related to the Equity Shares and the Offer_** 

**_61. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a bookbuilding process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results of our Company, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

**_62. There is no guarantee that the Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges in a timely manner or at all, and any trading closures at the Stock Exchanges may affect a shareholders ability to sell any of the Equity Shares._** 

In accordance with Indian law and practice, permission for listing of the Equity Shares will not be granted until after those Equity Shares have been issued and allotted. In addition, we are required to deliver the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus for registration to the Registrar of Companies under the Companies Act, 2013. We cannot assure you that the Registrar of Companies will register such Red Herring Prospectus or Prospectus in a timely manner or at all. Approval requires all relevant documents authorizing the issue of Equity Shares to be submitted to Stock Exchanges. There could be a failure or delay in listing the Equity Shares on BSE and NSE. In accordance with applicable laws, in the event that the permission of listing the Equity Shares is denied by the stock exchanges, we are required to refund all monies collected to investors. 

Further, pursuant to Indian regulations, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading may commence. Trading in the Equity Shares is expected to commence within 12 Working Days from the Bid Closing Date. However, we cannot assure you that the trading in the Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner or at all. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approvals would restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares. 

46 

# **_63. There is no assurance that our Equity Shares will remain listed on the stock exchange._** 

Although it is currently intended that the Equity Shares will remain listed on the Stock Exchanges, there is no guarantee of the continued listing of the Equity Shares. Among other factors, we may not continue to satisfy the listing requirements of the Stock Exchanges. Accordingly, Shareholders will not be able to sell their Equity Shares through trading on the Stock Exchanges if the Equity Shares are no longer listed on the Stock Exchange. 

**_64. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Equity Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the trading price of our Equity Shares and returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

**_65. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholders in consultation with the BRLMs, and through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 120 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that you will be able to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

**_66. Any future issuance of Equity Shares by us or any sale, pledge, encumbrance of their Equity Shares by our Promoters in the future may affect your shareholding and adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any future issuance of the Equity Shares by us, including through exercise of employee stock options may dilute your shareholding in our Company, adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and our ability to raise capital through an issue of our securities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will not issue additional Equity Shares. The disposal of Equity Shares by any of our Promoters, or the perception that such sales may occur may significantly affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. Except as disclosed in “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 96, we cannot assure you that our Promoters will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

**_67. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, 2013 a company incorporated in India must offer its equity shareholders preemptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting on such resolution. However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such preemptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for your benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of any such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights 

47 

granted in respect of our Equity Shares, your proportional interests in our Company may be reduced. 

**_68. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations 2018, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/ Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within six Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

# **_69. You may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of our Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares is generally taxable in India. Any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares on or before March 31, 2018, on a stock exchange held for more than 12 months will not be subject to long term capital gains tax in India if securities transaction tax, or STT, has been paid on the sale transaction and additionally, as stipulated by the Finance Act, 2017, STT had been paid at the time of acquisition of such equity shares on or before October 1, 2004, except in the case of such acquisitions of such equity shares which are not subject to STT, as notified by the Central Government under notification no. 43/2017/F. No. 370142/09/2017-TPL on June 5, 2017. However, the Finance Act, 2018, has now levied taxes on such long term capital gains arising from sale of equity shares on or after April 1, 2018. However, where specified conditions are met, such long term capital gains are only taxed to the extent they exceed ₹ 100,000 and unrealised capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 continue to be exempt. 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of our Equity Shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is a resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of Equity Shares. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long term capital gains tax in India, in addition to the payment of STT, on the sale of Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which our Equity Shares are sold. 

**_70. Government regulation of foreign ownership of Indian securities may have an adverse effect on the price of our Equity Shares._** 

Foreign ownership of Indian securities is subject to Government regulation. In accordance with foreign exchange regulations currently in effect in India, under certain circumstances RBI must approve the sale of the Equity Shares from a non-resident of India to a resident of India or vice-versa if the sale does not meet certain requirements specified by RBI. Additionally, any person who seeks to convert the Rupee proceeds from any such sale into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India is required to obtain a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. As provided in the foreign exchange controls currently in effect in India, RBI has provided that the price at which the Equity Shares are transferred be calculated in accordance with internationally accepted pricing methodology for the valuation of shares at an arm’s length basis, and a higher (or lower, as applicable) price per share may not be permitted. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from RBI or any other government agency can be obtained on terms favorable to a non-resident investor in a timely manner or at all. Because of possible delays in obtaining requisite approvals, investors in the Equity Shares may be prevented from realizing gains during periods of price increase or limiting losses during periods of price decline. 

48 

**_71. You will not be able to immediately sell, on an Indian stock exchange, any of the Equity Shares you purchase in the Offer._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to the applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Issue and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately six Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

# **_72. Our ability to raise foreign capital may be constrained by Indian Law._** 

As a company registered in India, we are subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies. Such regulatory restrictions limit our financing sources and could constrain our ability to obtain financings on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, we cannot assure you that any required regulatory approvals for borrowing in foreign currencies will be granted to us without onerous conditions, or at all. Limitations on foreign debt may have an adverse effect on our business growth, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **Prominent Notes** 

1. Initial public offering of up to 13,685,095 Equity Shares for cash at a price of ` [●] per Equity Share aggregating up to ` [●] million, consisting of an Offer for Sale of up to 6,272,335 Equity Shares by Dr. Sushil Kanubhai Shah aggregating up to ` [●] million and up to 7,412,760 Equity Shares by CA Lotus Investments aggregating up to [●] million. The Offer includes a reservation of up to 300,000 Equity Shares aggregating up to ` [ ● ] million, for subscription by Eligible Employees. Accordingly, the Net Offer to the Public aggregates to up to 13,385,095 Equity Shares. The Offer and the Net Offer shall constitute 27.27% and 26.67%, respectively, of the post-Offer paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. 

2. Our Company’s net worth<sup>*</sup> as on (i) March 31, 2018 was ` 3,640.27 million and ` 4,147.68 million; and (ii) as on December 31, 2018 was ` 4,559.07 million and ` 4,680.35 million, as per our Restated Standalone Ind AS Financial Information and Restated Consolidated Ind AS Financial Information, respectively. Our Company’s net asset value per Equity Share as at (i) March 31, 2018 was ` 73.35 and ` 83.58; and (ii) December 31, 2018 was ` 90.86 and ` 93.27, as per our Restated Standalone Summary Statements and Restated Consolidated Summary Statements, respectively, adjusted for Bonus Issue and Sub-Division. For details, see “ _Financial Statements_ ” on page 219. * _Net worth = aggregate value of the paid-up share capital of the Company and all reserves created out of profits and securities premium account, excluding revaluation reserves, if any, as per Restated Summary Statements_ 

   - _Note: Our Company has paid interim dividend at the rate of ₹ 13.26 per Equity Share amounting to ₹ 665.37 million (excluding dividend distribution tax) pursuant to a resolution of the Board dated February 11, 2019, to the Shareholders whose names appear in the Register of Members of our Company as on February 8, 2019._ 

3. The average cost of acquisition per Equity Share by our Promoters, is as given below: 

|**Name of the Promoter**|**Average cost of acquisition per Equity Share**<br>**(in**`**)**<sup>**#***</sup>|
|---|---|
|Dr. Sushil Kanubhai Shah<sup>^</sup>|35.48|
|Ameera Sushil Shah|169.80|
|Metz Advisory LLP<sup>*</sup>|534.99|



_^Dr. Sushil Kanubhai Shah is also one of the Selling Shareholders in the Offer._ 

49 

> # _As certified by M. C. Jain & Co, Chartered Accountants pursuant to their certificate dated March 25, 2019._ 

_*In terms of the SPA, CA Lotus Investments shall sell 1,061,096 Equity Shares to Metz Advisory LLP or any other person whom Metz Advisory LLP assigns, subject to certain terms and conditions, between Red Herring Prospectus and Prospectus, for a total consideration of_ ` _526.26 million, the payment of which is subject to certain adjustments_ . _For further details, see “History and Certain Corporate Matters_ `”` _on page 168. Accordingly, if such Equity Shares are transferred to Metz Advisory LLP, the average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by Metz Advisory LLP shall be_ ` _532.35 per Equity Share._ 

For further details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 96. 

4. For details of transactions entered into by our Company with our Group Company and Subsidiaries in the last Fiscal, including nature and cumulative value of such transactions, see “ _Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 217. 

5. There has been no change in our Company’s name in the last three years immediately preceding the date of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus and until the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

6. For information regarding business or other interests of our Group Company in our Company, see “ _Our Group Companies_ ” and “ _Related Party Transactions_ ” on pages 214 and 217, respectively. 

7. There have been no financing arrangements whereby the members of the Promoter Group, the partners of Metz Advisory LLP, our Directors and their relatives, have financed the purchase by any other person of securities of our Company other than in the normal course of business of the financing entity during the period of six months immediately preceding the date of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus and until the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

8. For any complaints, information or clarifications pertaining to this Offer, Bidders may contact the BRLMs, the Registrar to the Offer and our Company. 

9. All grievances, in relation to the ASBA process, may be addressed to the Registrar to the Offer, with a copy to the relevant Designated Intermediary, with whom the ASBA Form was submitted, quoting the full name of the sole or first Bidder, ASBA Form number, Bidders’ DP ID, Client ID, PAN, address of the Bidder, number of Equity Shares applied for, date of submission of ASBA Form, name and address of the relevant Designated Intermediary, where the ASBA Form was submitted by the Bidder and ASBA Account number (for Bidders other than RIIs bidding through the UPI mechanism) in which the amount equivalent to the Bid Amount was blocked or UPI ID in case of RIIs bidding through the UPI mechanism. Further, the Bidder shall enclose the Acknowledgement Slip or provide the acknowledgement number received from the Designated Intermediary(ies) in addition to the documents/information mentioned hereinabove. 

10. All grievances of the Anchor Investors may be addressed to the Registrar to the Offer, giving full details such as the name of the sole or first Bidder, Bid cum Application Form number, Bidders’ DP ID, Client ID, PAN, date of the Bid cum Application Form, address of the Bidder, number of the Equity Shares applied for, Bid Amount paid on submission of the Bid cum Application Form and the name and address of the BRLM where the Bid cum Application Form was submitted by the Anchor Investor. 

50 

