# **SECTION II – RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider all the information in the Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, the industry in which we operate or to India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not currently known to us or that we currently do not deem material may also adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are not currently deemed material, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected, the price of our Equity Shares could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. In order to obtain a complete understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Financial Information” on pages 153, 121, 282 and 211, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and our business and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. Prospective investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are unable to quantify the financial or other impact of any of the risks described in this section. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 19._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information included herein is based on our Restated Consolidated Financial Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus. The information as of and for the six months ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2021 is not annualized. For further information, see “Financial Information” on page 211. Unless the context otherwise requires, in this section, references to “we”, “us”, or “our” refers to Metro Brands Limited on a consolidated basis and references to “the Company” or “our Company” refers to Metro Brands Limited on a standalone basis._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from industry publications, in particular, the report titled “Assessment of organised retail and footwear industries in India” dated August 2021 with Addendum dated November 2021 (the “CRISIL Report”), prepared and issued by CRISIL Limited appointed on May 5, 2021, exclusively commissioned and paid for by our Company in connection with the Offer. The data included herein includes excerpts from the CRISIL Report and may have been re-ordered by us for the purposes of presentation. There are no parts, data or information (which may be relevant for the proposed issue), that has been left out or changed in any manner. A copy of the CRISIL Report is available on website of our Company at https://metrobrands.com/corporate-governance/. Unless otherwise indicated, financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the CRISIL Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year. For more information, see “– Industry information included in this Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from a third party industry report, exclusively commissioned and paid for by us. Also see, “Certain Conventions, Presentation of Financial, Industry and Market Data – Industry and Market Data” on page 15._ 

# **INTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

**_1. The Offer Price, market capitalization to revenue multiple and price to earnings ratio based on the Offer Price of our Company, may not be indicative of the market price of the Company on listing or thereafter._** 

Our revenue from operations and restated profit / (loss) after tax for the period / year for Fiscal 2021 was ₹ 8,000.57 million and ₹ 646.19 million and for the six months ended September 30, 2021 was ₹ 4,560.02 million and ₹ 430.74 million , respectively and our market capitalization to revenue from operations (Fiscal 2021) multiple is [●] times and our price to earnings ratio (based on Fiscal 2021 restated profit / (loss) after tax for the period / year) is [●] at the upper end of the price band. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined on the basis of assessment of market demand for the Equity Shares offered through a book-building process, and certain 

29 

quantitative and qualitative factors as set out in the section titled “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 113 and the Offer Price, multiples and ratios may not be indicative of the market price of the Company on listing or thereafter. 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. 

Any valuation exercise undertaken for the purposes of the Offer by our Company and the Promoter Selling Shareholders, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers, is not based on a benchmark with our industry peers. The relevant financial parameters based on which the Price Band would be determined, shall be disclosed in the advertisement that would be issued for publication of the Price Band. 

The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, our competitors launching new products or superior products, COVID-19 related or similar situations, announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us, volatility in the securities markets in India and other jurisdictions, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

**_2. The cumulative cost of the total number of stores opened by our Company across regions may not be indicative of the market capitalization of our Company after the Offer as the basis are independent of each other._** 

We are one of the largest Indian footwear speciality retailers ( _Source: CRISIL Report_ ). We primarily follow the “company owned and company operated” model of retailing through our own Multi Brand Outlets (“ **MBOs** ”) and Exclusive Brand Outlets (“ **EBOs** ”), to better manage customer experience at our stores. Over the years, we have expanded our store network and our total store count has grown from 504 Stores in 116 cities as of March 31, 2019 to 586 Stores in 134 cities as of March 31, 2021 and to 598 Stores across 136 cities as of September 30, 2021. 

The cumulative cost incurred by our Company towards operation of stores across regions should not be construed as indicative of the market capitalization of our Company after the Offer given that the basis of determining both are independent of each other. 

**_3. The current and continuing impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations has been significant. The impact of the pandemic on our operations in the future, including its effect on the ability or desire of customers to visit our stores, is uncertain and may be significant and continue to have an adverse effect on our business prospects, strategies, business, operations, our future financial performance, and the price of our Equity Shares._** 

The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic and its continuing impact, as well as government measures to reduce the spread of COVID-19, have had a substantial impact on our operations since last week of March 2020. The impact of the pandemic on our business, operations and financial performance have included and may continue to include the following: 

- Temporary as well as permanent store closures, including due to decline in footfalls and sales, closure of malls where our stores are located, and reduced operating hours as mandated by regional regulatory bodies. For instance, revenue from operations declined by 37.75% from ₹ 12,851.62 million in Fiscal 2020 to ₹ 8,000.57 million in Fiscal 2021, and we permanently closed 24 Stores in Fiscal 2021 due to significant decline in footfalls on account of COVID-19. Revenue from operations increased from ₹ 1,765.44 million in the six months ended September 30, 2020 to ₹ 4,560.02 million in the six months ended September 30, 2021, and we permanently closed another 14 stores in the six months ended September 30, 2021 due to the residual impact of COVID-19. A continued decline or fluctuation in footfalls, particularly as a result of the second and any subsequent waves in India, may also affect our ability to effectively manage our inventory of products. Our trade receivables decreased from ₹ 701.28 million, as of March 31, 2020 to ₹ 505.51 million, as of March 31, 2021 owing to fewer sales in Fiscal 2021 compared with Fiscal 2020, and was ₹ 695.72 million in the six months ended September 30, 2021. Further, stores located in containment zones, as demarcated by the Government of India from time to time, may have further restrictions imposed on their operations. 

30 

- Temporary closure of our office and decline in availability of workforce due to employees contracting the virus, rationalization of workforce, and restrictions on travel and movement due to lockdowns imposed by various state governments, affecting commute of employees to their places of work. 

- Adverse impacts to our sales, profitability and growth rates – particularly as operating expenses do not decrease at the same pace as revenue declines. Our restated profit after tax for the year declined from ₹ 1,605.75 million in Fiscal 2020 to ₹ 646.19 million in Fiscal 2021, and from ₹ (431.15) million in the six months ended September 30, 2020 to ₹ 430.74 million in the six months ended September 30, 2021. Many of our expenses are less variable in nature and may not correlate to changes in revenues, such as lease expenses, depreciation, employee benefit expenses and other costs associated with operating and maintaining our stores. Rental expenses and leave and license fees account for a significant portion of our cash outflows, as a result, we entered into renegotiations under various rental arrangements with mall developers, landlords and lessors since the onset of the COVID19 pandemic in India. While we have re-negotiated certain of our rental arrangements including by receiving certain waivers for limited periods of time, there can be no assurance that they would agree to any complete or partial waiver or reduction of rent expenses for the remaining term of the relevant lease. The amount of rent concession received by us was ₹ 518.84 million in Fiscal 2021 and was ₹ 200.65 million in the six months ended September 30, 2021. There can also be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such waivers or successfully further renegotiate these arrangements in the future. Also see “ _– The premises of all our stores and warehouses are leased. If we fail to renew these leases on competitive terms or if we are unable to manage our lease rental costs, our results of operations would be materially and adversely affected._ ” on page 34. 

- Disruptions of the services we receive from third-parties including vendors, due to limited and sporadic availability of raw materials, fluctuating and unpredictable demands, and disruptions in supply chain. 

- Compliance with evolving government regulations, including with respect to social distancing measures and sanitization practices. Although we are currently in compliance with such guidelines, any failure in the future to fully comply or adhere to the measures and guidelines or any other similar regulations could lead to the imposition of penalties, fines or other sanctions, which could have an adverse impact on our business. 

In addition, one of our key strategies is the expansion of our store network, which has become increasingly challenging as we have had to delay such expansion plans due to the impact of COVID-19 pandemic. For further information on our store expansion plans, see “ _Our Business – Strategies_ ” and “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on pages 163 and 103, respectively. While we have been able to defer these plans and focus on alternate distribution channels, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully achieve this strategy in the event of subsequent waves of the pandemic in India that lead to additional restrictive measures or hamper overall economic recovery. For instance, the second wave of the COVID-19 pandemic in India in April and May 2021 led to additional restrictive measures such as lockdowns and curfews in certain parts of India, restricting operations at our stores, and exposing our store operators to the increased risk of contagion. In the event there are subsequent waves of COVID-19, we may not be able to successfully implement our growth strategy, or operate our stores profitably, or at all. 

Further, throughout March and April 2021, due to an increase in the number of daily COVID-19 cases, several state governments in India re-imposed lockdowns, curfews and other restrictions to curb the spread of the virus. As a result of the detection of new strains and subsequent waves of COVID-19 infections in several states in India as well as throughout various parts of the world, we may be subject to further reinstatements of lockdown protocols or other restrictions, which may adversely affect our business operations. The impact of the ongoing second wave cannot be ascertained at this time, and while we cannot currently estimate the duration or future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business or on the Indian or global economy, we expect the effects to continue into Fiscal 2022. Notwithstanding the measures we have adopted to increase safety and hygiene levels in our stores, and increased focus on online retailing, there can be no assurance that footfalls in our stores, sales, and demand for our products will fully recover from the impact of the COVID-19 crisis, and if they do not recover as a result of the COVID-19 crisis continuing or worsening, or otherwise, our business and results of operations would be significantly and adversely impacted. Further, while vaccination drives have begun, likelihood of subsequent waves of the COVID-19 pandemic in India remain high. There is no certainty if additional restrictions will be put back in place or if another lockdown would be re-imposed to control the spread of the pandemic. In addition, if our Key Managerial Personnel or a significant percentage of our workforce is unable to work due to COVID-19 illness, quarantine, limitations on travel or other government restrictions in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, our operations may be negatively impacted. An outbreak or perceived outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic connected to one or more of our stores could also cause negative publicity directed at any of our brands and cause customers to avoid our stores, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reputation and prospects. Also see “ _Financial Statements_ ” on page 211. 

31 

**_4. Our inability to identify customer demand accurately and maintain an optimal level of inventory in our stores may impact our operations adversely._** 

The success of our business depends upon our ability to anticipate and forecast customer demand and trends. Any error in our forecast could result in either surplus stock, which we may not be able to sell in a timely manner, or at all, or under stocking, which could affect our ability to meet customer demand. An optimal level of inventory is important to our business as it allows us to respond to customer demand effectively and to maintain a full range of products at our stores. 

We estimate our monthly sales for every fiscal prior to the commencement of the fiscal considering the estimated growth rate of every store, festive periods and other factors. Monthly inventory is monitored based on actual sales and other relevant factors. We typically introduce new styles every week. Since we need to maintain stock inventory for all styles in different sizes and colours, we keep a few months' inventory in our stores. Orders are placed every week for replenishment. Further, we keep back up inventory for a few days in our warehouses providing us flexibility in transporting merchandise of particular style to a store where it is selling quickly while avoiding piling of non-moving inventory. If a particular style is not selling well in certain stores, we may undertake cross shipment of such styles to stores where it is selling faster. The slow moving styles are monitored and additional incentives may be offered to minimise inventory build-up for discounted sales periods. The discounted sale period is scheduled twice a year as an end-of-season sale. 

Although there are checks to avoid under-stocking and over-stocking, our estimates and forecasts may not always be accurate. If we over-stock inventory, our capital requirements will increase and we will incur additional financing costs. If we under-stock inventory, our ability to meet customer demand and our operating results may be adversely affected. Any material mismatch between our forecast and actual sales could lead to potential excess inventory or out-of-stock situations, either of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. Stock of inventory may also be impacted by disruptions faced in the transportation of our products or adverse developments affecting our warehouses and the inventory stocked therein. Also see, “ _Both our warehouses are located in Bhiwandi, Maharashtra, and any adverse development affecting such region may have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations_ ” on page 40. 

**_5. Our inability to promptly identify and respond to changing customer preferences or evolving trends may decrease the demand for our products among our customers, which may adversely affect our business, profitability and results of operations._** 

We operate in the highly competitive footwear retail market and rely on the continued demand for our products in the markets we are present in. The markets for our products are characterised by frequent changes, particularly customer preferences and new designs. In order to maintain and increase revenues and profitability, we are required to continuously address market trends and consumer preferences and procure and sell designs and merchandise that appeal to our customers. The success of our business depends upon our ability to anticipate and forecast customer demand and trends. Any error in our forecast could result in either surplus stock, which we may not be able to sell in a timely manner, or at all, or under stocking, which will affect our ability to meet customer demand. Customer preferences in the markets we operate in are difficult to predict and changes in those preferences or the introduction of new products by our competitors could put our products at a competitive disadvantage. In the event of a significant change in consumer preferences or in the event of an inability on our part to anticipate or react to such changes, it could result in reduced demand for our merchandise and erosion of our competitive position and goodwill and could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

In relation to several of our products, we depend substantially on our ability to carry new styles or those in line with recent trends, to expand our operations and market share. Before we can introduce a new variant to an existing product, we must successfully execute a number of steps, including successful market research, customer acceptance of our new products, while scaling our vendor and infrastructure networks to increase or change the nature of our inventory. We likewise depend on the successful introduction of new production and manufacturing processes by our vendor partners to create innovative products, achieve operational efficiencies and adapt to technological advances in, or obsolescence of their technology while ensuring that such products continue to remain affordable. 

Our continued success depends on our ability to anticipate, gauge and react in a timely and cost-effective manner to changes in customer tastes for our products, as well as to where and how customers shop for those products. We must continually work to stock and retail new product categories and styles, maintain and enhance the recognition of our brands, achieve a favourable mix of products, and refine our approach as to how and where we market and sell our products. While we try to introduce new product categories or variants, we recognise that customer tastes cannot be predicted with certainty and can change rapidly, and that there is no certainty that these will be 

32 

commercially viable or effective or accepted by our customers. If we are unable to foresee or respond effectively to the changes in market conditions, there may be a decline in the demand for our products, thereby reducing our market share, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, surplus stock that does not match customer preference may also result in significant write-offs of inventory, thereby adversely affecting our business and results of operations. While we have not had any such significant write-offs in the past, there can be no assurance that such write-offs will not be required in the future, which would adversely affect our results of operations, and financial condition. 

**_6. We may not be successful in maintaining and enhancing awareness of our brands. Any deterioration in public perception of our brands could affect customer foot fall and consequently adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

We sell products under our own brands of ‘Metro’, ‘Mochi’ and ‘Walkway’, among others, which we believe are well recognized, having been developed to serve the footwear needs of customers across India. Our success therefore depends on our ability to maintain the brand image of our existing products and effectively build our brand image for new products and brand extensions. Our ability to attract and retain customers is dependent upon public perception and recognition of the quality associated with these brands. Negative reviews from customers regarding the quality of our products, dissatisfaction amongst our vendors, inability to deliver quality products at competitive prices and accidents, injuries or crimes at our stores could adversely affect public perception. Further, allegations of product defects or misbranding, even when false or unfounded, could tarnish our image and may cause customers to choose other products 

As the majority of our income is derived from our retail activities, maintaining and enhancing our brand may require us to make substantial investments in areas such as outlet operations, employee training, marketing and advertising, and these investments may not be successful. We plan to continue to enhance the brand recall of our products through the use of targeted marketing and public relations initiatives, specifically with respect to new geographies we intend to enter. In Fiscal 2019, 2020 and 2021, and in the six months ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2021, our advertisement and sales promotion expenses were ₹ 437.12 million, ₹ 479.76 million, ₹ 160.79 million, ₹ 36.43 million and ₹ 89.48 million or 3.59%, 3.73%, 2.01%, 2.06% and 1.96% of our revenue from operations, respectively. If our marketing and advertising campaigns are poorly executed, or we are required to incur additional expenditures than budgeted, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. If we fail to maintain our reputation, enhance our brand recognition or increase positive awareness of our products, or the quality of our products declines, our business and prospects may be adversely affected. 

As our business expands into new cities and as our markets become increasingly competitive, maintaining and enhancing our brand may become increasingly difficult and expensive. Since we have various brands which span different price points, we may not be able to focus or have the resources to market all our brands. If we are unable to enhance the visibility of our brands, it would have an adverse effect on our business, reputation and our financial condition. 

**_7. If we are unable to effectively manage or expand our retail network and operations or pursue our growth strategy, our new stores may not achieve our expected level of profitability which may adversely affect our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We sell our products through MBOs, EBOs, and SIS in large format stores. Our business and operations have grown rapidly in recent years. We expanded our store network from 504 Stores as of March 31, 2019 to 586 Stores as of March 31, 2021 to 598 stores as of September 30, 2021, and as part of our growth strategy, we plan to further expand our store network in India. However, as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have not determined the location for such new stores. For further information, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 103. 

Expansion into new geographic regions, including different states in India, subjects us to various challenges, including those relating to our lack of familiarity with the culture, legal regulations and economic conditions of these new regions, language barriers, difficulties in staffing and managing such operations, and the lack of brand recognition and reputation in such regions. The risks involved in entering new geographic markets and expanding operations, may be higher than expected, and we may face significant competition in such markets. By expanding into new geographical regions, we could be subject to additional risks associated with establishing and conducting operations, including: our ability to position our new stores to successfully establish a foothold in new markets and to execute our business strategy in new markets; the demand of our products in such new markets; our ability to get suitable properties at commercially viable prices; our ability to successfully integrate the new stores with our existing operations and achieve related synergies; our ability to introduce an optimal mix of merchandise which successfully meets local customer preferences at attractive prices; our ability to negotiate and obtain favourable 

33 

terms from our vendors; the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns; our ability to hire, train and retain skilled personnel; the competition that we face from incumbent and new footwear retailers in the region; and exposure to expropriation or other government actions; political, economic and social instability. 

We will also be required to obtain certain approvals to carry on business in new locations and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining such approvals. For details of material approvals required to carry on business, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 337. Further, we expect our expansion plans to place significant demand on our managerial, operational and financial resources, and our expanded operations will require further training and management of our employees and the induction and training of new employees. In addition, as we enter new markets, we face competition from both organised and unorganised footwear retailers. 

We have closed and / or relocated 44 Stores due to commercial considerations in the last three fiscals, and closed another 14 in the six months ended September 30, 2021. The following table sets forth the total number of stores in our network in the periods indicated: 

|||**Fiscal**||**As of and for th**<br>**ended Septe**|**e six months**<br>**mber 30,**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2019**|**2020**|**2021**|**2020**|**2021**|
|Number of Stores at the beginningof theperiod|419|504|551|551|586|
|Number of Stores opened duringtheperiod|95|57|59|14|26|
|Number of Stores closed duringtheperiod|10|10|24|14|14|
|Number of Stores at the end of theperiod|**504**|**551**|**586**|**551**|**598**|



While the number of stores closed in each of the periods was less than 5% of stores at the beginning of the period, we opened additional stores during the same period and accordingly, this did not result in a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. However, there can be no assurance that store closures in future will not adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. If any of our stores do not achieve our expected level of profitability within our expected timeframe, or at all, our expansion plans and our results of operations, financial condition and profitability may be materially and adversely affected and we may decide to close some of these stores. An inability to effectively manage our expanded operations or pursue our growth strategy may lead to operational and financial inefficiencies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_8. We will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. The Selling Shareholders will receive the net proceeds from the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer consists of an Offer for Sale along with the Fresh Issue. The Selling Shareholders, who include the Promoters, certain members of the Promoter Group and Other Selling Shareholders of our Company, shall be entitled to the net proceeds from the Offer for Sale, which comprise proceeds from the Offer for Sale net of Offer expenses for the share of the Offer for Sale, and our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. 

**_9. The premises of all our stores and warehouses are leased. If we fail to renew these leases on competitive terms or if we are unable to manage our lease rental costs, our results of operations would be materially and adversely affected._** 

As our stores are operated on properties that are either leased or obtained on a leave and license basis, we are exposed to the market conditions of the retail rental market. Further, both our warehouses are also held on a leave-and-license basis. We generally enter into lease agreements with initial terms of three to 10 years, and certain of these agreements have lock-in periods preventing our Company and/or the lessors from terminating the agreement within a stipulated period, without forfeiting the security deposit provided. Most of our lease agreements contain an early termination clause that permits us to terminate the lease agreement early for the reasons specified therein. While we have renewal options for certain of our leases, we typically need to renegotiate the terms of renewal with the lessor, who may insist on a significant modification to the terms and conditions of the lease agreement. In Fiscal 2019, 2020 and 2021, and in the six months ended September 30, 2021, 10, 10, 24, and 14 agreements, respectively, for our stores were terminated and such stores accounted for 1.98%, 1.81%, 4.10%, and 2.34% of our total stores as of March 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021 and as of September 30, 2021. While such terminations did not result in any material financial impact on our operations, there can be no assurance that similar terminations in future will not have an adverse impact on our operations, financial condition and results of operations. 

The rent under the majority of our current store lease agreements is generally payable in one of three ways: (i) fixed rent; (ii) the higher of a fixed base rent or a percentage of the store’s monthly sales revenue; or (iii) a percentage of 

34 

the store’s monthly sales revenue. In addition to increases in rent resulting from fluctuations in annual sales revenue, certain of our lease agreements include provisions specifying fixed increases in rental payments over the respective terms of the lease agreements. While these provisions have been negotiated and are specified in the lease agreement, they will increase our costs of operation and therefore may materially and adversely affect our results of operation if we are not able to consistently increase sales per store for the subsequent years. 

Where we do not have an option to renew a lease agreement, we must negotiate the terms of renewal with the lessor, who may insist on a significant modification to the terms and conditions of the lease agreement. If a lease agreement is renewed at a rate substantially higher than the existing rate, or if any existing favorable terms granted by the lessor are not extended, we must determine whether it is desirable to renew on such modified terms. If we are unable to renew leases for our store sites on acceptable terms or at all, we will have to close or relocate the relevant stores, which would eliminate the sales that those stores would have contributed to our revenues during the period of closure, and could subject us to construction, renovation and other costs and risks. 

As part of our store roll out process, we enter into letters of intent or term sheets and submit deposits to the relevant owners of the properties where a new store will be located once we have identified a site to develop. The letters of intent or term sheets are typically followed by a definitive lease agreement in the form of a lease deed or leave and license agreement being entered into between the parties within a specified time period or they terminate unless extended. We may be delayed or be unable to enter a definitive lease agreement with respect to a specific site for various reasons, some of which are beyond our control, which may result in us not being able to recover deposits placed with relevant owners. Further, in the event such letters of intent lapse or are terminated, we may have to identify alternate store locations for which we expend significant time and resources. In addition, lease agreements are required to be duly registered and adequately stamped under Indian law and if one of our lease agreements is not duly registered and adequately stamped, we may face challenges in enforcing them and they may be inadmissible as evidence in a court in India subject to penalties along with the requisite stamp duty prescribed under applicable Indian law being paid. 

**_10. We are dependent on third-parties for the manufacturing of all the products we sell. Any disruptions at such third-party manufacturing facilities, or failure of such third-parties to adhere to the relevant quality standards may have a negative effect on our reputation, business and financial condition._** 

We engage third party service providers and vendors for the procurement of all our products, including footwear under the brands Metro, Mochi and Walkway. We engaged with over 250 vendors in Fiscal 2021 and the six months ended September 30, 2021, respectively, a significant majority of whom are located in India. Further, in Fiscal 2019, 2020 and 2021, and the six months ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2021, our top 50 vendors contributed 69.95%, 71.26%, 75.27%, 89.95% and 77.07% of our total in-house products. 

Any unscheduled, unplanned or prolonged disruption of operations at our vendors’ manufacturing facilities, including on account of power failure, fire, mechanical failure of equipment, performance below expected levels of output or efficiency, obsolescence, non-availability of adequate labour or disagreements with workforce, lock-outs, earthquakes and other natural disasters, industrial accidents, any significant social, political or economic disturbances or infectious disease outbreaks, could affect our vendors’ ability to meet our requirements, and could consequently affect our operations. We are also exposed to the risk of our service providers and vendors failing to adhere to the standards set for them by us and statutory bodies in respect of quality, safety and distribution which in turn could adversely affect our sales and revenues. 

There have been instances in the past where we have experienced disruptions on account of issues with our top 50 vendors including on account of COVID-19, delay in supply and quality issues, however, these have not had any material impact on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Any delay or failure on the part of our vendors to deliver the products in a timely manner or to meet our quality standards, or any litigation involving these vendors may cause a material adverse effect on our business, profitability and reputation. We may also be unable to replace these vendors at short notice, or at all, and may face delays in production and added costs as a result of the time required to identify new vendors to undertake manufacturing in accordance with our standard processes and quality control standards, all of which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Also, see “ _– We do not have definitive agreements or fixed terms of trade with most of our vendors. Failure to successfully leverage our vendor relationships and network or to identify new vendors could adversely affect us._ ” on page 44. 

35 

**_11. Our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of Net Proceeds are not appraised by any independent agency._** 

We intend to use the Net Proceeds for the purposes of expenditure for opening new stores of the Company, under the “Metro”, “Mochi”, “Walkway” and “Crocs” brands (“ **New Stores** ”), and general corporate purposes, as described in “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 103. Our estimated costs for opening of the New Stores are based on (i) valid and existing quotation dated November 26, 2021 from Rajiv Parekh, Architect, for the purposes of fit-out costs, (ii) costs incurred by the Company towards store inventory at the time of setting up new stores under the Metro, Mochi, Crocs and Walkway brands, derived based on average of inventory cost for new stores opened in Fiscal 2019, 2020 and 2021 (including taxes), and (iii) cost incurred by the Company towards payment of security deposits at the time of setting up new stores under the Metro, Mochi, Crocs and Walkway brands, derived based on average of security deposit paid for new stores opened in Fiscal 2019, 2020 and 2021. For further information, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 103. 

Accordingly, prospective investors in the Offer will need to rely upon our management’s judgment with respect to the use of proceeds. If we are unable to deploy the proceeds of the Offer in a timely or an efficient manner, it may affect our business, profitability and results of operations. 

**_12. We have entered into, and may continue to enter into, related party transactions which may not always enable us to achieve the most favourable terms._** 

We have entered into transactions with related parties in the past and from, time to time, we may enter into related party transactions in the future. These transactions include remuneration to executive Directors and Key Managerial Personnel, payment of dividend, rental income, sale of goods. For further information relating to our related party transactions, see “ _Financial Statements – Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 256. While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, in compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the applicable accounting standards and are not prejudicial to the interest of the Company, we cannot assure you that we might have obtained more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. Further, it is likely that we may enter into additional related party transactions in the future. Such related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. 

In Fiscal 2019, 2020, and 2021, and in the six months ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2021, the aggregate amount of such related party transactions was ₹ 878.88 million, ₹ 366.98 million, ₹ 629.37 million, ₹ 376.87 million, and ₹ 385.56 million, respectively. The percentage of the aggregate value such related party transactions to our revenue from operations in Fiscal 2019, 2020 and 2021, and in the six months ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2021 was 7.22%, 2.86%, 7.87%, 21.35% and 8.46%, respectively. 

Although all related party transactions that we may enter into post-listing, will be subject to board or shareholder approval, as necessary under the Companies Act, 2013, as amended and the SEBI Listing Regulations, we cannot assure you that such transactions in the future, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

For further information on our related party transactions, see “ _Summary of the Offer Document_ - _Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 25. 

**_13. We have in the past been unable to disburse funds allocated towards meeting corporate social responsibility requirements under the Companies Act, 2013._** 

Companies meeting certain financial thresholds are required to constitute a committee of the board of directors for corporate social responsibility activities and ensure that at least 2% of the average profit/(loss) before tax of the company during three immediately preceding financial years are utilized for corporate social responsibility activities. Inability to meet these requirements may result in, _inter alia_ , our Company, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel being subject to such penalties and formal actions as prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013. We have previously been unable to disburse the amounts allocated towards meeting these requirements due to delays in identifying and finalizing tie-ups with non-government organizations for discharging the CSR obligations. We are actively evaluating various initiatives for our CSR activities and have also appointed a person to focus exclusively on CSR activities. For instance, amounts spent towards CSR amounted to ₹ 13.55 million, ₹ 21.68 million, ₹ 24.06 million, ₹ 6.15 million and ₹ 20.23 million in Fiscal 2019, 2020, and 2021, and in the six months ended September 30, 2020 and September 31, 2021, respectively, compared to the amounts we were required to spend of ₹ 32.78 million, ₹ 39.28 million, ₹ 43.24 million, ₹ 22.92 million and ₹ 17.32 million in such periods, respectively. To meet our unspent CSR obligation of ₹ 19.23 million for Fiscal 2021, during the period April 2021 to September 2021, 

36 

the entire amount was spent towards CSR activities before the due date of September 30, 2021. For further information, see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Note 34: Expenditure on Corporate Social Responsibility_ ” on page 267. There can be no assurance that we will be able to consistently meet these requirements in the future. 

**_14. Industry information included in this Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from a third party industry report, exclusively commissioned and paid for by us._** 

We have used the report titled “ _Assessment of organised retail and footwear industries in India_ ” dated August 2021 with Addendum dated November 2021 by CRISIL Research Limited appointed on May 5, 2021, for purposes of inclusion of such information in this Red Herring Prospectus, and exclusively commissioned by our Company for purposes of inclusion of such information in the Offer Documents at an agreed fees to be paid by our Company. This report is subject to various limitations and based upon certain assumptions that are subjective in nature. Given the scope and extent of the CRISIL Report, disclosures are limited to certain excerpts and the CRISIL Report has not been reproduced in its entirety in this Red Herring Prospectus. There are no parts, data or information (which may be relevant for the proposed issue), that has been left out or changed in any manner. The report is a paid report, and is subject to various limitations and based upon certain assumptions that are subjective in nature. In addition, statements from third parties that involve estimates are subject to change, and actual amounts may differ materially from those included in this Red Herring Prospectus. Also see, “ _Certain Conventions, Presentation of Financial, Industry and Market Data – Industry and Market Data_ ” on page 15. 

**_15. The operation of Crocs EBOs depends on our material agreements with Crocs, which impose certain restrictions, limitations and other obligations on our operations that could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We operate MBOs of our own brands as well as EBOs for Crocs™ in India. We operate our Crocs EBOs based on a non-exclusive retail license agreement entered into with Crocs in 2015. Under the Crocs Agreement, our Company is required to seek the prior approval of Crocs, amongst others, for opening of new stores. In addition, our rights under the Crocs Agreement are restricted to: (i) selling Crocs<sup>TM</sup> lifestyle footwear and Jibbitz<sup>TM</sup> products manufactured by or for Crocs Inc. and / or its affiliates at certain select retail stores and retail kiosks owned and/or operated by our Company; (ii) using the trademark of Crocs and the associated goodwill in relation to sale of these products. This licence is non-exclusive, limited, revocable, non – transferable and cannot be transferred or further sub-licenced. For further information, see “ _Our Business – Brands Retailed_ ” and “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters – Other Agreements_ ” on pages 169 and 184, respectively. 

The non-exclusive retail agreement with Crocs dated April 25, 2015, as amended by way of an amendment agreements entered into on July 1, 2017, has a term of 18 years. After the first term of three years, the contract provides for automatic renewal for five successive periods of three years. The Crocs Agreement may be terminated by Crocs including as a result of our failure to achieve minimum number of store opening targets (as set by Crocs from time to time) or a breach under the agreement by us, including, without limitation, due to selling any counterfeit products, infringement of trademarks and failure to comply with marketing policies. Either party also has a right to terminate the agreement without any cause, after giving notice of 120 days. Termination of this arrangement may lead to shutting down of our Crocs™ stores which would have a material adverse impact on our business, brand, results of operations and financial condition. 

Furthermore, we cannot control or influence the actions of Crocs, who may at any time have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours. If it takes certain actions that we do not agree with, our business operations may be adversely affected, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_16. A significant portion of our revenue is generated from sale of third-party brands, and the loss of one or more such brands, or a reduction in demand for their products could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

In Fiscal 2019, 2020 and 2021, and the six months ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2021, revenue from sale of third-party branded products at our MBOs generated ₹ 2,994.90 million, ₹ 3,100 million, ₹ 1,895.38 million, ₹ 451.45 million and ₹ 945.40 million, and represented 29.67%, 30.62%, 30.76%, 36.34% and 28.92% of our Company’s revenue from operations at our MBOs in such periods, respectively (on a standalone basis). For further information on these brands, see “ _Our Business – Our Operations_ ” on page 165. We retail products of such third-party brands based on various retailership and distribution agreements entered into with them. In each of the last three Fiscals, and the six months ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2021, we retailed over 25 third party brands that generated 

37 

revenues of ₹ 2,994.90 million, ₹ 3,100 million, ₹ 1,895.38 million, ₹ 451.45 million and ₹ 945.40 million, respectively. We have, over a period of time, phased out products of certain brands in the last three Fiscals on account of underperformance of a particular brand or because of non-alignment on terms of trade. This has, however, not resulted in any material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain historic levels of business from such third-parties, or that these third-party brands will continue to retail their products through us in the future at all. In addition, our revenues may be adversely affected if there is a change in any of such third-party’s distribution strategies. Maintaining strong relationships with such third-parties is, therefore, essential to our business strategy and to the growth of our business. Also see, “ _– Our business partly depends on the continued success and reputation of our third-party brands globally, and any negative impact on these brands, or a failure by us or owners of these brands to protect them, as well as other intellectual property rights and proprietary information, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._ ” on page 40. 

We have entered into a non-binding term sheet dated July 27, 2021 with Fitflop, a global brand offering shoes for allday wearing, using a combination of biomechanics, comfort and fashion (the “ **Fitflop TS** ”). The Fitflop TS sets out, among other matters, our exclusive right to distribute Fitflop products in India via all channels including online. We are currently in the process of entering into a distribution agreement with Fitflop which is under negotiation and has not been finalized as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. However, the Fitflop TS remains subject to a definitive agreement proposed to be entered into between the parties failing which it may be terminated. Fitflop is also entitled to terminate the Fitflop MOU with immediate effect in case of any material breach by the Company, challenges to validity of ownership of any part of the product intellectual property, failure to meet minimum supplier receipt requirements, and inability to provide substantially accurate quarterly forecasts. We may be delayed or be unable to enter into such a definitive agreement for various reasons beyond our control including commercially acceptable terms, which may result in us not being able to continue our relationship with Fitflop. Further, as the Fitflop TS is not legally binding on the parties, there can be no assurance that the definitive agreement when finalized and negotiated will not significantly vary from the Fitflop TS, including with respect to our exclusive distribution rights contemplated therein. In the event we are unable to enter into the agreement with Fitflop, we may be required to stop distributing Fitflop products in India and return unsold inventory which may negatively impact our business and results of operations. 

**_17. We are required to obtain, renew or maintain certain statutory and regulatory permits and approvals required to operate our business, and if we fail to do so in a timely manner or at all, or these requirements are made more stringent, we may be unable to fully or partially operate our business and our results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

Our operations are subject to government regulation concerning retail and we are required to obtain and maintain several statutory and regulatory permits and approvals under central, state and local government rules for operating our business generally, including tax registrations, shops and establishment registration and trade license. For further information on approvals relating to our business and operations, see “ _Government and other Approvals_ ” on page 337. A majority of these approvals are granted for a limited duration. Some of these approvals have expired and we have either made or are in the process of making an application for obtaining its renewal. For further information on (a) material approvals applied for, including renewal applications made, but not received by our Company; (b) material approvals required but not applied for by our Company; and (c) material approvals which have expired but renewals are not applied for by our Company, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 337. 

Further, while we have applied for some of these approvals, we cannot assure you that such approvals will be issued or granted to us in a timely manner, or at all. If we do not receive such approvals or are not able to renew the approvals in a timely manner, our business and operations may be adversely affected. The approvals required by us are subject to numerous conditions including _inter alia_ minimum fire safety measures in the store premises, intimation requirement to the relevant authority for expansion of business area, requirement of application for renewal at least a month prior to the expiry of existing licenses etc., the material approvals are trade license for each store and registration under the shops and establishment legislations of the relevant state. We cannot assure you that these would not be suspended or revoked in the event of accidental non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. If there is any failure by us, through a failure of our employees, Directors or Promoters, to comply with the applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business. 

Pursuant to the Footwear made from Leather and other materials (Quality Control) Order, 2020, and Footwear made from Rubber and all Polymeric material (Quality Control) Order, 2020, issued by the DPIIT, the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) of India has, in 2021, notified that footwear made from rubber/ polymeric material, leather and other material and personal protective equipment footwear, will require a BIS certification with effect from July 1, 

38 

2022. The impact of such notification on our operations is currently uncertain and may require our vendors to obtain certain registrations and licenses, reassess the use of certain raw materials in our footwear products, mandate affixation of the ‘ISI’ mark on the footwear that we retail, and may additionally impose certain labelling/ packaging restrictions. As the relevant orders will only be effective from July 1, 2022, at this time we are unable to appropriately quantify the impact these may have on our operations, including any increased costs of procuring products only from vendors who are compliant with requirements under the orders, higher expenses that may be incurred to comply with packaging/ labelling restrictions etc. However, certain steps undertaken by us to comply with such orders include appointment of an external agency as a consultant for guidance, training, and implementation of this order and organising training sessions for our vendors and employees by the consultant regarding the implementation process of the order. These, along with any other guidelines that may become applicable to our vendors, may result in use of alternate raw materials and packaging materials that may increase our operational costs, and adversely impact our margins. 

**_18. There are outstanding litigation proceedings against our Company, Directors and Promoters. Any adverse outcome in such proceedings may have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

There are outstanding legal proceedings against our Company, Directors and Promoters, which are pending at various levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and other authorities. 

The summary of outstanding matters set out below includes details of criminal proceedings, tax proceedings, statutory and regulatory actions and other material pending litigation (as defined in the section “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 325) involving our Company, Directors and Promoters. 

|**Name**<br>**of**<br>**Entity**|**Criminal**<br>**Proceedings**|**Tax**<br>**Proceedings**|**Statutory**<br>**or**<br>**Regulatory**<br>**Proceedings**<br>**_Company_**|**Disciplinary**<br>**actions by SEBI or**<br>**Stock**<br>**Exchanges**<br>**against**<br>**our**<br>**Promoters**<br>|**Material**<br>**civil**<br>**litigations**|**Aggregate**<br>**amount**<br>**involved***<br>**(₹**<br>**in**<br>**million)**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|By<br>the|13|-|-|-|2|52.71|
|<br>Company|||||||
|<br>Against the|6|12|58|-|1|140.62|
|<br>Company|||**_Directors**_**|**_*_**|||
|By<br>the<br>Directors|Nil|-|-|-|Nil|Nil|
|Against the|2**|1|Nil|-|1<sup>@</sup>|0.22|
|<br>Directors||**_Promoters (excl_**|**_uding cases inv_**|**_olving our Directors)_**|||
|By<br>the<br>Promoters|Nil|-|-|-|Nil|Nil|
|Against the|Nil|-|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|<br>Promoters|||||||
||||**_Subsidiarie_**|**_s_**|||
|By<br>the<br>Subsidiaries|Nil|-|-|-|Nil|Nil|
|Against the<br>Subsidiaries|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|



* _To the extent quantifiable._ 

_** Includes a criminal proceeding against one of our Promoters, Rafique A. Malik._ 

_*** Other than proceedings involving our Company to which our Directors are party._ 

_@Involves a material civil litigation against one of our Promoters, Rafique A. Malik._ 

There are no pending litigations involving our Group Companies which may have a material impact on our Company. 

There is a proceeding initiated by the General Branch, Crime Branch, Criminal Investigation Department, Mumbai on September 10, 1996 (“FIR”) against inter alia our Company and Rafique A. Malik under Section 120(B), read with Sections 465, 467, 468, 471, 419, 420 and 403 of the IPC on the alleged grounds that certain leather cooperative societies, formed to help cobblers in their business, were instead extracting money from banks and 

39 

financial institutions, which was being misappropriated by the co-operative societies and the persons named in the FIR. The matter is presently pending. For further information, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments – Outstanding criminal litigation against our Company_ ” on page 327. 

There can be no assurance that these legal proceedings will be decided in our favor or in favor of our Company, Directors and Promoters. In addition, we cannot assure you that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. Decisions in such proceedings adverse to our interests may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_19. Both our warehouses are located in Bhiwandi, Maharashtra, and any adverse development affecting such region may have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Both our warehouses are located in Bhiwandi in the state of Maharashtra in India. Any materially adverse social, political or economic development, natural calamities, civil disruptions, or changes in the policies of the state or local governments in this region could adversely affect operations at our warehouses. Natural disasters such as earthquakes, extreme climatic or weather conditions such as floods or droughts, or diseases heightened or particular to the region, may adversely impact the supply of products and local transportation. 

Any such adverse development affecting continuing operations at our warehouses could result in significant loss from inability to meet inventory schedules and stock our stores appropriately, which could materially affect our business reputation within the industry. Should our supply of products be disrupted, we may not be able to procure an alternate source of supply of products in time to meet the demands of our customers, or we may not be able to procure products of equal quality or on equally competitive terms, or at all. Such disruption to supply would materially and adversely affect our business, profitability and reputation. 

**_20. Our business partly depends on the continued success and reputation of our third-party brands globally, and any negative impact on these brands, or a failure by us or owners of these brands to protect them, as well as other intellectual property rights and proprietary information, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

In Fiscal 2019, 2020 and 2021, and in the six months ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2021, revenue from sale of third-party branded products at our MBOs generated ₹ 2,994.90 million, ₹ 3,100 million, ₹ 1,895.38 million, ₹ 451.45 million and ₹ 945.40 million, which represented 29.67%, 30.62%, 30.76%, 36.34% and 28.92% of our Company’s revenue from operations at our MBOs in such periods, respectively (on a standalone basis). For further information on these brands, see “ _Our Business – Our Operations_ ” on page 165. Our success to this extent is therefore directly related to the success of these third-party brands, globally, including their financial condition, marketing strategies, product development as well as overall quality and success of their operations amongst competitors. We have no control over the management or operations of such brands globally except for those jurisdictions and outlets developed and operated by us. As a result, a variety of factors affecting these brands that are beyond our control could have a material adverse effect on our business. These factors include negative publicity with respect to these brands and loss of reputation due to quality complaints globally, initiation of legal proceedings, operational failures and regulatory investigations, which adversely impact these brands. 

Further, under the terms of our material agreements in relation to these brands we are required to protect their intellectual property rights and other proprietary information. However, our efforts to protect this intellectual property and other proprietary information may prove to be inadequate and, as a result, the value of these brands as well as our own brands could be harmed. For instance, we may not be able to detect or prevent these brands from trademark or other infringements, and it is possible that other proprietary information, such as proposed pricing or product launch information, could be leaked by our employees, vendors, and other third-parties. If any of these were to occur and the brand image of these third-party offerings were harmed as a result, our competitive position in the footwear retailing industry in India and our ability to grow our business could be negatively impacted, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, franchisors/ owners of these third-party brands could deem any unauthorized use by us of their respective brands, their intellectual property rights or other proprietary information, or any action adversely affecting goodwill of their business, whether intentional or not, to be a breach of the terms of the relevant material agreements and seek to terminate our relationship, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Any damage to these third-party brands, whether attributable to us or otherwise, could adversely impact the trust placed in the particular brand and our reputation and cause existing customers or intermediaries to withdraw their business and reconsider doing business with us. Further, negative publicity may result in increased regulation and legislative 

40 

scrutiny of industry practices as well as increased litigation, which may further increase our costs of doing business and adversely affect our profitability. 

**_21. Technology failures could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business operations and financial performance._** 

IT systems are critical to our ability to manage our large retail operations, warehouses, supply chain management and e-commerce sales and in turn, to maximize efficiencies and optimize costs. Our IT systems enable us to coordinate our operations, from planning and new orders and routing, customer delivery, invoicing, customer relationship management and decision support. Our main IT platforms include SAP S/4 HANA ERP system, TOC system to control inventory and replenishment, and other software applications which are designed to provide capabilities to address customer centric activities in the areas of customer relationship management, promotion management, inventory management, sales execution and warehouse management. 

If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper IT infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, customer service disruptions and, in some instances, loss of customers. Challenges relating to the building of new IT structures can also subject us to certain errors, inefficiencies, disruptions and, in some instances, loss of customers. Our IT systems, and the systems of our third party IT service providers may also be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions due to events beyond our control, including, but not limited to, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, hackers and other security issues. We have security initiatives and disaster recovery plans in place to mitigate its risk to these vulnerabilities. Our business continuity plan sets out protocols to be adopted in the event of a disaster such as loss of utility services, connectivity, catastrophic events that cause interruption to our operations. The plan provides procedures and resources needed to assist in recovery and restoration of normal business operations as soon as possible, assists in minimizing confusion experienced during a crisis and contains protocol for document storage, safeguarding and retrieval procedures for vital records. For instance, the plan details the data back-up policy and emergency management procedures such as alternate connectivity and limiting functionality of systems at stores. However, such measures may not have been effectively implemented or may not be adequate to ensure that its operations are not disrupted. 

**_22. Our business is manpower intensive and subject to high attrition. Our business may be adversely affected by work stoppages, increased wage demands by our employees, or increase in minimum wages across various states, and if we are unable to engage new employees at commercially attractive terms._** 

Our operations are manpower intensive and we are dependent on our store managers and sales personnel for a significant portion of our operations. As of September 30, 2021, we had 2,622 permanent employees, of which 1,985 were engaged at our stores. The success of our operations depends on availability of and maintaining good relationship with our workforce. Shortage of skilled personnel or disruptions caused by disagreements with employees could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. While we have not experienced any major disruptions in our business operations due to disputes or other problems with our work force in the past, there can be no assurance that we will not experience any such disruption in the future. Such disruptions may adversely affect our business and results of operations and may also divert the management’s attention and result in increased costs. We may also be involved in litigation proceedings involving our employees, and our selling agents. For instance, we have initiated criminal proceedings against certain selling agents for misappropriation of stock and cash from our stores and dishonour of cheques issued in our favour. For details of proceedings against selling agents, please see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 325. 

Our success also depends on our ability to attract, hire, train and retain skilled sales personnel. In the retail industry, the level and quality of sales personnel and customer service are key competitive factors and an inability to recruit, train and retain suitably qualified and skilled sales personnel could adversely impact our reputation, business prospects and results of operations. As we expand our network, we will need experienced manpower that has knowledge of the local market and the footwear retail industry to operate our stores. We have faced increasing competition for management and skilled personnel with significant knowledge and experience in the footwear retail sector in India. The attrition rate for our employees for Fiscal 2019, 2020 and 2021, and in the six months ended September 30, 2021, was 31.01%, 32.10%, 33.70% and 11.15%, respectively. There can be no assurance that attrition rates for our employees, particularly our sales personnel, will not increase. A significant increase in our employee attrition rate could also result in decreased operational efficiencies and productivity, loss of market knowledge and customer relationships, and an increase in recruitment and training costs, thereby materially and adversely affecting our business, results of operations and financial condition. We cannot assure you that we will be able to find or hire personnel with the necessary experience or expertise to operate our stores in our existing markets or new markets that we are entering into. In the event that we are unable to hire people with the necessary 

41 

knowledge or the necessary expertise, our business may be severely disrupted, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Further, we engage independent contractors through whom we engage contract labour for performance of certain functions, such as security services and housekeeping services, and packing and dispatch. Although we do not engage these labourers directly, we are responsible for any wage payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractors. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and our financial condition. We may also be subject to increasing manpower costs in India, which would directly impact our employee costs and consequently, on our margins. Further, the minimum wage laws in India may be amended leading to upward revisions in the minimum wages payable in one or more states in which we currently operate or are planning to expand to. We may need to increase compensation and other benefits in order to attract and retain key personnel in the future and that may materially affect our costs and profitability. Additionally, we may face regulatory or statutory action for alleged violation of laws pertaining to employee/ labour benefits. Proceedings have been initiated in the past against us for noncompliance with payment obligations under the Employees’ State Insurance Act, 1948, compliance requirements under the Minimum Wages Act, 1948, etc. and we have consequently made the requisite payments or paid the relevant fines. For details of outstanding proceedings involving violation of any applicable laws governing employees, please see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Actions by statutory or regulatory authorities_ ” on page 328. We cannot assure you that as we continue to grow our business in the future, our employee costs coupled with operating expenses will not significantly increase. 

**_23. The growth of online retailers may create pricing pressures, increase competition, and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We carry out sales through our stores and have been strengthening our alternate channels including websites and presence on e-commerce platforms to accept delivery orders placed on their mobile applications. The introduction and growth of e-tailing has made online shopping a material part of our business and growth strategy, and we believe the increasing presence of e-tailers and e-commerce platforms in India will have a significant impact on our business going forward. For instance, e-tailers that exclusively have only an online presence and no physical presence, may be able to price their products lower by leveraging on their asset light model, while introducing newer products and maintaining quality control. Further, the presence of e-commerce platforms has increased competition with other retail brands. Our Total Online Product Sales amounted to ₹ 191.08 million, ₹ 306.22 million, ₹ 571.57 million, ₹ 205.69 million and ₹ 525.42 million in Fiscal 2019, 2020 and 2021, and in the six months ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2021, respectively, and represented 1.65%, 2.53%, 7.25%, 11.60% and 11.93% of our revenue from operations in such periods, respectively (on a standalone basis). Our Total Online Product Sales increased at a CAGR of 72.95% between Fiscal 2019 and Fiscal 2021. If e-tailing continues to increase, it is possible that footfalls in our stores could decrease, especially in light of the COVID-19 pandemic and continuing lockdown and curfew orders in various regions in India, unless we are able to adapt our business model to account for this change in consumer preference. 

It is also possible that the negotiating leverage of e-commerce platforms with respect to our contracts with them could increase as their businesses grow, which means we may have to pay higher fees for their services or may have difficulty extending or renewing our agreements with them on commercially acceptable terms, or at all, in the future, especially if we fail to sufficiently develop and strengthen our own channels of online shopping or find alternative means to serve the increasing number of customers who prefer shopping on alternate channels such as mobile applications. 

**_24. If we are unable to protect credit card or debit card data or any data related to any other electronic mode of payment, or any other personal information that we collect, our reputation could be significantly harmed._** 

The use of electronic payment methods and collection of other personal information exposes us to an increased risk of privacy and security breaches as well as other risks. Although we use secure private networks to transmit confidential information, third parties may have the technology or know-how to breach the security of the customer information transmitted in connection with credit and debit card sales and use of e-wallets, and our security measures and those of technology suppliers may not effectively prohibit others from obtaining improper access to this information. If a person is able to circumvent our security measures or otherwise gain access to the confidential information that we collect, they may be able to destroy or steal valuable information or otherwise disrupt our operations. We may become subject to claims for purportedly fraudulent transactions arising out of the actual or alleged theft of credit or debit card information or other confidential information, and we may also be subject to lawsuits or other proceedings relating to these types of incidents. While we maintain a cyber liability insurance policy, any such claim or proceeding could cause us to incur significant unplanned expenses, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, adverse publicity resulting 

42 

from these allegations could significantly harm our reputation and may have a material adverse effect on us and our stores. 

Moreover, we receive and process certain personal financial and other information about our customers and employees when we accept credit cards for payment. While there have not been any instances of data leakage in the past, there can be no assurance that such incidents will not occur in future. While we do not store customers’ credit and debit card payment information, the use and handling of this information is regulated by evolving and increasingly demanding laws and regulations in India. To maintain our data security and prevent data leakage we have implemented formal policies in relation to information security awareness, secure use of email and internet, loss prevention and misuse of data in application systems and network security. In the past there have been multiple phishing attempts, however, we deploy enterprise software to prevent such attempts and accordingly, none of these phishing attempts have been successful in the past. If our security and information systems are compromised as a result of data corruption or loss, cyberattack or a network security incident or our employees, or suppliers fail to comply with these laws and regulations, and this information is obtained by unauthorized persons or used inappropriately, it could subject us to litigation and government enforcement actions, damage our reputation, cause us to incur substantial costs, liabilities and penalties and/or result in a loss of customer confidence, any and all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_25. We may be unable to grow our business in semi-urban markets, which may adversely affect our business prospects and results of operations._** 

We continue to target growth opportunities and believe that the relatively low level of penetration of organised footwear retailers in semi urban markets provide significant growth opportunities. We intend to expand our store network to increase market penetration in tier 2 and tier 3 cities and smaller towns in India and make available a wider range of our products and merchandise in these markets. The following table sets forth our total numbers of Stores based on the type of city of location: 

|**Stores**|**Number of s**|**tores as of Mar**|**ch 31,**|**Number of stores as of S**|**eptember 30,**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2019**|**2020**|**2021**|**2020**|**2021**|
|Metro cities<sup>(1)</sup>|185|192|193|190|197|
|Tier I cities<sup>(2)</sup>|165|179|188|179|189|
|Tier II cities<sup>(3)</sup>|107|122|141|124|148|
|Tier III cities<sup>(4)</sup>|47|58|64|58|64|
|**Total**|**504**|**551**|**586**|**551**|**598**|



_Note_ s: 

_1. Metro cities are cities with population of more than five million. In this Red Herring Prospectus, metro cities refer to Mumbai, Kolkata, Delhi, Bengaluru, Chennai, Ahmedabad, Pune and Hyderabad._ 

_2. Tier I cities are cities with population between one million to five million._ 

_3. Tier II cities are cities with population between 0.3 million to one million._ 

_4. Tier III cities are cities with population below 0.3 million._ 

However, if our strategic plans do not deliver the desired results, then the expansion of our store network may be hampered. Further, consumers in these regions are typically price conscious and we may be unable to compete effectively with the products of local competitors, particularly smaller unorganised footwear retailers. In addition, general disposable income levels of consumers in these markets may not continue to rise as anticipated by us, which may result in actual sales in such markets varying significantly from anticipated business projections from these markets and areas. If we are unable to grow our business in semi urban markets effectively, our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_26. We operate in a competitive market and any increase in competition may adversely affect our business and financial condition._** 

Our Company faces competition from existing footwear retailers, both organised and unorganised, and potential entrants to the footwear retail industry that may adversely affect our competitive position and our profitability. We expect competition could increase with new entrants coming into footwear retail industry, who may have more flexibility in responding to changing business and economic conditions, and existing players consolidating their positions. Some of our competitors may have access to significantly greater resources, including the ability to spend more on advertising and marketing and hence the ability to compete more effectively. 

43 

We face competition across our business activities from varied peers. Further, although e-tailing is not currently a major competitor in the product categories and the markets we operate, we may face increased competition from e- tailing in the future. 

Some of our competitors are larger and have greater financial resources or a more experienced management team than us. Like us, they may also benefit from greater economies of scale and operating efficiencies. Competitors may, whether through consolidation or growth, present more credible integrated or lower cost solutions than we do, which may have a negative effect on our sales. Further, our competitors may set up stores in the vicinity of our existing stores and may offer their products at lower prices, resulting in a decreasing of sales of our projects. We cannot assure you that we can continue to compete effectively with our competitors. Our failure to compete effectively, including any delay in responding to changes in the industry and market, together with increased spending on advertising, may affect the competitiveness of our products, which may result in a decline in our revenues and profitability. 

# **_27. We do not have definitive agreements or fixed terms of trade with most of our vendors. Failure to successfully leverage our vendor relationships and network or to identify new vendors could adversely affect us._** 

We are able to offer our customers a wide variety of quality footwear and allied merchandise primarily due to our strong relationships with our vendors. Our growth as a business depends on our ability to attract and retain high quality and cost efficient vendors to our network. Purchase of products from vendors amounted to ₹ 6,339.39 million, ₹5,821.79 million, ₹ 2,741.02 million, ₹ 226.04 million and ₹ 2,448.86 million in Fiscal 2019, 2020 and 2021, and in the six months ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2021, and represented 52.09%, 45.30%, 34.26%, 12.80% and 53.70% of our revenue from operations in such periods, respectively. Further, we are dependent on a few key vendors for our operations. Purchases from our top five vendors was ₹ 2,533.57 million, ₹ 2,516.03 million, ₹ 946.90 million, ₹ 157.20 million, and ₹ 949.12 million, and represented 20.82%, 19.58%, 11.84%, 8.90% and 20.81% of our revenue from operations in Fiscal 2019, 2020 and 2021, and in the six months ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2021, respectively. In order to maintain flexibility in procurement options, we do not have any long-term supply arrangements with most of our vendors and we procure our products on a purchase order basis. The arrangements with our vendors remain valid unless terminated pursuant to the terms of the arrangement. In addition, while vendors manufacture our designs exclusively for us, all our vendors work with us on a nonexclusive basis and may engage in other businesses that compete with ours or supply other products to our competitors. As we do not enter into any long-term arrangements, vendors may terminate their relationships with us at short notice due to various reasons, including insufficient capacity due to pre-existing orders placed by other retailers including our competitors. While we are entitled to terminate such arrangements on account of any breach of obligations by the vendors and claim damages, we may not in all instances be able to claim such damages. We may therefore face delays in production and added costs as a result of the time required to identify new vendors and familiarise them with our standard processes and quality control standards. For additional information regarding our vendor relationships, see “ _Our Business_ ” on page 153. 

The success of our vendor relationships depends significantly on satisfactory performance by our suppliers and their fulfilment of their obligations. If any of our suppliers fails for any reason to deliver the products in a timely manner or at all, it may affect our ability to manage our inventory levels, which in turn, may result in unavailability of products and merchandise thereby adversely affecting our customer shopping experience and our reputation. This may also result in an increase in our procurement costs which we may or may not be able to pass on to our customers. While we intend to continue to enter into new vendor relationships as a part of our business strategy, we may not be able to identify or conclude appropriate or viable arrangements in a timely manner or at all. Further, there can be no assurance that our relationships with new vendors in the future will necessarily contribute to a better experience for our customers or to our profitability. If we fail to successfully leverage our existing and new relationships with suppliers, our business and financial performance could be adversely affected. 

# **_28. Some of our corporate records relating to changes in the share capital of our Company, allotments made by our Company, and transfers and acquisitions of Equity Shares made by our Promoters, not traceable._** 

Our Company has not been able to trace certain corporate records such as certain forms (including forms required to be filed under the Companies Act, 1956), filings, and minutes of meetings of our Board and Shareholders, in relation to the changes in the share capital of our Company and the allotments made by our Company, such as those in 1979, 1986 and 1988. Further, certain records relating to the transfers and acquisitions of Equity Shares made by our Promoters are not traceable. The share capital in relation to which certain corporate records are not traceable, amounts to 0.14% of our Company’s issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital prior to the Offer. For further information, see “ _Capital Structure – Notes to the Capital Structure_ ” on page 75. As per certificate dated August 19, 2021, from Shweta R. Parwani, Practicing Company Secretary, who has conducted a search for such records 

44 

with the RoC as well as our Registered and Corporate Office, such records are not traceable. She has also provided comfort regarding the changes in share capital of the Company and allotments made in the relevant periods, in lieu of the non-traceable records. 

Information in relation to such changes in share capital, allotments, and certain acquisitions and transfers made by our Promoters has been disclosed in the sections “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters_ ” and “ _Capital Structure_ ” on pages 181 and 75, in this Red Herring Prospectus, based on the statutory register of members, minutes of the meetings of our Board (to the extent available), annual reports of our Company, bank and demat statements, depository instruction slips, share certificates, and information available with our Company. Further, we may not be able to furnish any further document evidencing the aforesaid details. For details of periods for which such documents are not available, please see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters_ ” and “ _Capital Structure_ ” on pages 181 and 75, respectively. Considering that the percentage of non-traceable corporate records is minimal, these will not have any material impact on the operations of the Company. 

We cannot assure you that the abovementioned corporate records will be available in the future. Further, we cannot assure you that our Company has filed such forms and filings in a timely manner or at all, in the past. Although no regulatory action/ litigation is pending against us in relation to such untraceable secretarial and other corporate records and documents, we cannot assure you that we will not be subject to penalties imposed by regulatory authorities in this respect. 

**_29. We depend on third-parties for our transportation needs. Any disruptions may adversely affect our operations, business and financial condition._** 

We do not have an in-house transportation facility and we rely on third party transportation and other logistic facilities for transportation of products from our warehouses to various stores. For this purpose, we hire services of transportation companies. Our reliance on such third party logistics providers may increase as we expand our retail operations and our warehouses. 

Further, the value of our goods carried by such third-party transporters is typically much higher than the consideration paid for transportation, due to which it may be difficult for us to recover compensation for damaged, delayed or lost goods. 

Our operations and profitability are dependent upon the availability of transportation and other logistic facilities in a time and cost efficient manner. Accordingly, our business is vulnerable to increased transportation costs including as a result of increase in fuel costs, transportation strikes, delays, damage or losses of goods in transit and disruption of transportation services because of weather related problems, strikes, lock-outs, accidents, inadequacies in road infrastructure or other events. 

Although we have not experienced any disruptions in the past, any prolonged disruption or unavailability of such facilities in a timely manner could result in delays or non-supply or may require us to look for alternative sources which may be cost inefficient, thereby adversely affecting our operations, profitability, reputation and market position. 

**_30. Our Company has issued Equity Shares at a price that may be lower than the Offer Price in the last 12 months._** 

Our Company has, in consultation with the BRLMs, undertaken a private placement of 73,136 Equity Shares for cash consideration aggregating to ₹ 32.91 million to 94 allottees, in the last 12 months preceding the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, our Company has intimated the Shareholders who were allotted Equity Shares pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, of there being no guarantee that the Offer or listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges, will be successfully consummated. The aforesaid private placement was made at a price which may be lower than the Offer Price. For further details, see “ _Capital Structure – Notes to Capital Structure_ ” on page 75. The prices at which Equity Shares have been issued by us in the last 12 months should not be taken to be indicative of the Price Band, Offer Price and the trading price of our Equity Shares after listing. 

**_31. We are dependent on a number of key personnel, including our Promoters and our senior management, and the loss of or our inability to attract or retain such persons could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are highly dependent on certain of our Promoters, namely, Rafique A. Malik, Farah Malik Bhanji, and Alisha R. Malik, our directors, senior management and other key personnel for setting our strategic business 

45 

direction and managing our business. While our Company does not have a business succession policy in place, over the years we have been actively implementing measures to transition from a family-owned business to a professionally managed business. To this end, our Company has recently appointed a professional Chief Executive Officer. We also have a professional Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer as part of our management team. In addition, our Company has professional teams that manage different brands that we retail. Our ability to meet continued success and future business challenges depends on our ability to attract, recruit and retain experienced, talented and skilled professionals. Due to the current limited pool of skilled personnel, competition for senior management, commercial and finance professionals in our industry is intense. There has been no attrition in the Key Managerial Personnel of our Company in the last three Financial Years, as there have only been two retirements due to superannuation, and Farah Malik Bhanji, who resigned as CEO to devote more time as the Managing Director, continues to be a Key Managerial Personnel. In the event of the loss of services of our directors, senior management or other key personnel or our inability to recruit or train a sufficient number of experienced personnel or our inability to manage the attrition levels in different employee categories may have an adverse effect on the Company’s financial results and business prospects. 

**_32. Our business is subject to seasonality. Lower revenues in the festive period of any Fiscal may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

We are impacted by seasonal variations in sales volumes, which may cause our revenues to vary significantly between different quarters in a Fiscal. Typically, we see an increase in our business before Diwali and during end of season sales. Therefore, our results of operations and cash flows across quarters in a Fiscal may not be comparable and any such comparisons may not be meaningful, or may not be indicative of our annual financial results or our results in any future quarters or periods. 

**_33. We have incurred indebtedness, and an inability to comply with repayment and other covenants in our financing agreements could adversely affect our business and financial condition._** 

We have entered into agreements with certain banks for short-term facilities. As of September 30, 2021, we had total borrowings (consisting of short-term borrowings) of ₹ 9.27 million, certain of which contain restrictive covenants, including requirements that we obtain consent from the lenders prior to undertaking certain matters including altering our capital structure, change in shareholding, further issuance of any shares, effecting any scheme of amalgamation or reconstruction, changing the management and dilution of Promoters’ shareholding, creation of security, and amendment of our constitution documents. Further, in terms of security, we are required to create a mortgage or charge over our movable properties. We may also be required to furnish additional security, if required by our lenders. Additionally, we are required to, among others, maintain the prescribed debt coverage ratio, net total debt, and fixed asset coverage ratio. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with these financial or other covenants at all times or that we will be able to obtain consents necessary to take the actions that we believe are required to operate and grow our business. While we have received all relevant consents required for the purposes of this Offer and have complied with these covenants, a failure to comply with such covenants in the future may restrict or delay certain actions or initiatives that we may propose to take from time to time. 

The consequences of not being in compliance with terms and conditions of the loan agreements including the financial covenants could be acceleration of maturity of the facility sanctioned to us and declaring all amounts outstanding, enforcement of security and exercising by the lenders of any right available to them under such loan agreements. Further, any fluctuations in the interest rates or downgrade in the credit ratings assigned to our debt instruments may directly impact the interest costs of such loans. Our ability to make payments on and refinance our indebtedness will depend on our continued ability to generate cash from our future operations. We may not be able to generate enough cash flow from operations or obtain enough capital to service our debt. For further information, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 322. 

Any failure to comply with the conditions and covenants in our financing agreements that is not waived by our lenders or guarantors or otherwise cured could lead to a termination of our credit facilities, foreclosure on our assets, acceleration of all amounts due under such facilities or trigger cross-default provisions under certain of our other financing agreements, any of which could adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to conduct and implement our business plans. 

**_34. Inability to manage losses due to fraud, employee negligence, theft or similar incidents may have an adverse impact on us._** 

Our business and the industry we operate in are vulnerable to the problem of product shrinkage. While we have implemented measures to avoid stock shrinkage at our stores, these measures may not be entirely effective against 

46 

shrinkage at our stores and warehouses. Shrinkage may occur through a combination of pilferage by employee, damage, obsolescence and expiry and error in documents and transactions that go un-noticed. The retail industry also typically encounters some inventory loss on account of employee theft, shoplifting, vendor fraud, credit card fraud and general administrative error. Our business operations also involve a majority of cash transactions. Although we have not experienced any significant incidents in the past, we remain susceptible to such losses. 

An increase in product shrinkage levels at our existing and future stores or our warehouses may force us to install additional security and surveillance equipment, which will increase our operational costs and may have an adverse impact on our profitability. Further, although we have cash management procedures and controls in place, there are inherent risks in cash management including, theft and robbery, employee fraud and the risks involved in transferring cash from our stores to banks. Finally, there have been few instances of employee dishonesty in the past and we cannot assure you that we will be able to completely prevent such incidents in the future. For details of such dishonesty by selling agents and action initiated against them, please see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 325. 

In order to avoid recurrence of such incidents, we have formulated certain operating procedures. For instance, we conduct stock checks regularly to confirm the product quantities against sales made, which acts as a check against misappropriation. Further, we have put in place a procedure whereby all store managers are required to deposit sales money received, on the next working day itself. We reconcile cash deposited against our point-of-sale record to confirm that no cash is held back by the store managers. While we have obtained insurance for burglary, money, fire and fidelity, in case of losses due to theft, fire, breakage or damage caused by other casualties, there can be no assurance that we will be able to recover from our insurer the full amount of any such loss in a timely manner, or at all. In addition, if we file claims under an insurance policy it could lead to increases in the insurance premiums payable by us or the termination of coverage under the relevant policy. 

**_35. Our insurance cover may not be adequate or we may incur uninsured losses or losses in excess of our insurance coverage._** 

We could face liabilities or otherwise suffer losses should any unforeseen incident such as fire, flood, and accidents affect our stores and warehouses or in the regions/areas where our stores and warehouses are located. Although we maintain insurance coverage such as fire policy, burglary policy for the stocks, assets and computers of the stores and the Registered Office, fire policy for the warehouse and Registered Office, special contingency policy for the stores, marine inland policy, machinery breakdown policy for DG sets, compressors and solar panels, cyber policy, contractor policy and insurance for our employees, there are possible losses, which we may not have insured against or covered or wherein the insurance cover in relation to the same may not be adequate. We may face losses in the absence of insurance and even in cases in which any such loss may be insured, we may not be able to recover the entire claim from insurance companies. Any damage suffered by us in excess of such limited coverage amounts, or in respect of uninsured events, not covered by such insurance policies will have to be borne by us. As of September 30, 2021, our gross block of tangible assets (excluding building) is ₹ 2,366.58 million, of which we have an insurance coverage of ₹ 2,319.42 million which is 98.01% of gross block of tangible assets (excluding building). There have not been any instances of losses incurred in relation to which our Company has insurance coverage in the last three Fiscals and consequently, there have not been any instances in the past three Fiscals where the claim has exceeded the insurance coverage obtained by our Company. Further, no insurance claims made by our Company have been compeletly rejected. 

While we believe that we have obtained insurance against losses which are most likely to occur in our line of business, there may be certain losses which may not be covered by the Company, which we have not ascertained as at date. Further, while there has been no past instance of inadequate insurance coverage for any loss, we cannot assure that we will continue to accurately ascertain and maintain adequate insurance for losses that may be incurred in the future. For further information on the insurance policies availed by us, see “ _Our Business - Insurance_ ” on page 176. 

# **_36. If we are not able to successfully develop and integrate any future brand acquisitions, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

We evaluate potential acquisition targets from time to time, and we may in the future seek to acquire businesses and brands in order to expand our operations and brand portfolio or to enter new markets. In the past, we have acquired a few brands including Cheemo and Walkway, and have invested in Metmill and our joint venture M. V. Shoe Care Private Limited, and may contemplate suitable opportunities in the future. We acquired the ‘Cheemo’ brand in Fiscal 2019 for an amount of ₹ 10 million, and we generated net revenues of ₹ 13.20 million, ₹ 49.73 million, ₹ 23.18 million, ₹ 3.95 million and ₹ 10.00 million in Fiscal 2019, 2020 and 2021, and in the six months ended 

47 

September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2021, respectively, from the sale of Cheemo products and such revenues accounted for 0.12%, 0.43%, 0.32%, 0.25% and 0.25% of our Total Store Product Sales in such periods, respectively. The completion of acquisitions and, if completed, the successful integration of such newly acquired businesses into our operations may be difficult for a variety of reasons, including differing culture or management styles, poor records or internal controls and difficulty in establishing immediate control over cash flows. As a result, potential future acquisitions pose significant risks to our existing operations, including: additional responsibilities placed on our senior management, increased overall operating complexity of our business, additional cash expenditures to integrate acquisitions, and the need to attract and retain sufficient numbers of qualified management and other personnel. We may also become responsible for additional liabilities or obligations not foreseen at the time of an acquisition. Moreover, even if we are successful in integrating newly acquired brands assets and acquiring additional assets, expected synergies and cost savings may not materialise, resulting in lower than expected benefits from such acquisitions. We may also experience disputes in relation to such acquisitions and our failure to derive anticipated synergies could affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_37. Any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds from the Fresh Issue as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus shall be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior Shareholders’ approval._** 

We propose to utilize a majority of the Net Proceeds to open new stores. For further details of the proposed objects of the Offer, please see the section entitled “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 103. We cannot currently determine with any certainty if we would require the Net Proceeds to meet any other expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of competitive environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. In accordance with the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI ICDR Regulations, we cannot undertake any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds from the Fresh Issue as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus without obtaining the Shareholders’ approval through a special resolution. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to undertake variation in the disclosed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain the Shareholders’ approval in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such Shareholders’ approval may adversely affect our business or operations. 

Further, our Promoters or controlling shareholders, if applicable, would be required to provide an exit opportunity to the Shareholders who do not agree with our proposal to modify the objects of the Issue, at a price and manner as prescribed by the SEBI. Additionally, the requirement on Promoters or controlling shareholders to provide an exit opportunity to such dissenting shareholders may deter the Promoters or controlling shareholders from agreeing to the variation of the proposed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. Further, we cannot assure you that the Promoters or the controlling shareholders of our Company will have adequate resources at their disposal at all times to enable them to provide an exit opportunity. 

In light of these factors, we may not be able to undertake variation of objects of the Issue to use any unutilized proceeds of the Issue, if any, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. This may restrict our Company’s ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition by re-deploying the unutilized portion of Issue Proceeds, if any, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**_38. Certain of our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel are interested in our Company’s performance in addition to their remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Certain of our Directors (including our Promoters) and Key Managerial Personnel are interested in our Company, in addition to the regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses, to the extent of their shareholding or the shareholding of their relatives in our Company. Further, Rafique A. Malik is also interested to the extent of the property acquired by our Company in the preceding three years from the date of filing the Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group – Interests of our Promoters – Interest in the Property of our Company_ ” on page 205. There can be no assurance that our Promoters and our Key Managerial Personnel will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. For further details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 75. 

**_39. If we are unable to establish and maintain an effective system of internal controls and compliances our business and reputation could be adversely affected._** 

We manage regulatory compliance by monitoring and evaluating our internal controls, and ensuring that we are in compliance with all relevant statutory and regulatory requirements. Our Company has, in the past, made certain allotments of equity shares in violation of applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 1956, including Section 67 (3). The aforesaid violations were compounded pursuant to an order dated August 13, 2019 issued by NCLT, Mumbai. Further, holders of (a) equity shares allotted pursuant to the aforesaid allotments (“ **Stated Shares** ”) and/ 

48 

or (b) equity shares allotted pursuant to any corporate action on the Stated Shares (such as split of the face value of the Stated Shares or bonus issuances on the Stated Shares) were provided an exit opportunity in accordance with the process as set forth in the SEBI circulars - CIR/CFD/DIL3/18/2015 and CFD/DIL3/CIR/P/2016/53 dated December 31, 2015 and May 3, 2016 respectively. For further details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 75. 

However, there can be no assurance that deficiencies in our internal controls and compliances will not arise, or that we will be able to implement, and continue to maintain, adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls, in a timely manner or at all. As we continue to grow, there can be no assurance that there will be no other instances of such inadvertent non-compliances with statutory requirements, which may subject us to regulatory action, including monetary penalties, which may adversely affect our business and reputation. 

# **_40. Our Company may not be able to pay dividends in the future._** 

Our Company has declared and paid dividends in the past, in accordance with a dividend policy. Any dividends to be declared and paid in the future are required to be recommended by our Company’s Board of Directors and approved by its Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act. Our Company’s ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon our future results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, sufficient profitability, working capital requirements and capital expenditure requirements. We cannot assure you that we will generate sufficient revenues to cover our operating expenses and, as such, pay dividends to our Company’s shareholders in future consistent with our past practices, or at all. For details pertaining to dividend declared by our Company in the past, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 210 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_41. We have in this Red Herring Prospectus included certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other industry measures related to our operations and financial performance. These non-GAAP measures and industry measures may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across the Indian footwear retailing industry, and therefore may not be comparable with financial or industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other companies._** 

Certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other industry measures relating to our operations and financial performance have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. We compute and disclose such non-GAAP financial measures and such other industry related statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance as we consider such information to be useful measures of our business and financial performance, and because such measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and others to evaluate the operational performance of Indian footwear retailing industry, many of which provide such non-GAAP financial measures and other industry related statistical and operational information. Such supplemental financial and operational information is therefore of limited utility as an analytical tool, and investors are cautioned against considering such information either in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our audited financial statements as reported under applicable accounting standards disclosed elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

These non-GAAP financial measures and such other industry related statistical and other information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to financial measures and industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other companies. For further information, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – NonGAAP Measures_ ” on page 299. 

**_42. We have certain contingent liabilities that have not been provided for in our financial statements, which if they materialize, may adversely affect our financial condition._** 

As of September 30, 2021, our contingent liabilities that have not been accounted for in the Restated Consolidated Financial Information, were as follows: 

|**Particulars**|**Amount**<br>**(**₹**million)**|
|---|---|
|**Contingent Liabilities and Commitments**||
|**(i) Contingent Liabilities**||
|**(a) Claims not acknowledged as debts**||
|Central excise|0.89|
|Service tax|1.06|



49 

|**Particulars**|**Amount**<br>**(**₹**million)**|
|---|---|
|Sales tax|72.49|
|GST|0.79|
|Income tax|0.30|
|**(b) Others(money for which thegroup is contingently liable)**|2.05|
|**(ii) Commitments**||
|Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account (net of advances paid) and not<br>provided|56.96|



If a significant portion of these liabilities materialize, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further information, see “ _Financial Statements_ ” on page 211. 

# **_43. Our Promoters and Promoter Group will continue to exercise significant influence over us after completion of the Offer._** 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters and Promoter Group hold 83.99% of the issued and outstanding equity share capital of our Company. Post listing, our Promoters and Promoter Group will continue to exercise significant influence over us through their shareholding after the Offer. In accordance with applicable laws and regulations, our Promoters will have the ability to exercise, directly or indirectly, a significant influence over our business. 

# **_44. If we are unable to raise additional capital, our business prospects could be adversely affected._** 

We intend to fund our growth and expansion plans through our cash on hand and cash flow from operations. We will continue to incur significant expenditure in maintaining and growing our existing store and warehouse network. We cannot assure you that we will have sufficient capital resources for our current operations or any future expansion plans that we may have. While we expect our cash on hand and cash flow from operations to be adequate to fund our existing commitments, our ability to incur any future borrowings is dependent upon the success of our operations. Also see, “ _– We have incurred indebtedness, and an inability to comply with repayment and other covenants in our financing agreements could adversely affect our business and financial condition._ ” on page 46. 

Our ability to arrange financing and the costs of capital of such financing are dependent on several factors, including our credit ratings, general economic and capital market conditions, credit availability from banks, investor confidence, the continued success of our operations and regulatory framework that allows us to raise capital. Our long-term bank facilities are rated CARE AA; Stable and short-term bank facilities are rated CARE A1+, by CARE Ratings Limited. Our credit rating reflects, amongst other things, the rating agency’s opinion of our financial strength, operating performance, strategic position, and ability to meet our obligations. Our inability to obtain such credit rating in a timely manner or any non-availability of credit ratings, or poor ratings, or any downgrade in our ratings may increase borrowing costs in the future and constrain our access to capital and lending markets and, as a result, could adversely affect our business and results of operations, and the price of our Equity Shares. In addition, non-availability of credit ratings could increase the possibility of additional terms and conditions being added to any new or replacement financing arrangements. If we decide to meet our capital requirements through debt financing, we may be subject to certain restrictive covenants. If we are unable to raise adequate capital in a timely manner and on acceptable terms, or at all, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

# **_45. We face foreign exchange risks that could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows._** 

We have foreign currency payables for supply of certain raw materials, and products, and are therefore, exposed to foreign exchange risk between the Indian Rupee and U.S. dollars and other foreign currencies. We do not have a formal hedging policy for our Company. Our net gain on foreign currency transactions and translation was ₹ 6.63 million, ₹ 1.67 million, ₹ 2.44 million, ₹ 0.96 million and ₹ 3.01 million in Fiscal 2019, 2020 and 2021, and the six months ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2021, respectively. Any significant fluctuation in the value of the Indian Rupee against such currencies including as noticed recently in the case of the US Dollar, may adversely affect our results of operations. Any appreciation of foreign currencies against the Indian Rupee may result in reduction of our margins and consequently have an adverse effect on business and result of operations. Also see, 

50 

- “ _Financial Statements – Note 37.4: Financial Risk Management_ ” on page 271. 

**_46. Our operations may involve certain transactions in or with countries or persons that are subject to U.S. and other sanctions._** 

U.S. law generally prohibits U.S. persons from directly or indirectly investing or otherwise doing business in or with certain countries that are the subject of comprehensive sanctions and with certain persons or businesses that have been specially designated by the OFAC or other U.S. government agencies. Other governments and international or regional organizations also administer similar economic sanctions. Although we believe we have compliance systems in place that are sufficient to block prohibited transactions, there can be no assurance that we will be able to fully monitor all of our transactions for any potential violation. We may enter into transactions with suppliers or logistics providers who may be doing business with countries to which certain OFAC-administered and other sanctions apply. There can be no assurance that we will be able to fully monitor all of our transactions for any potential violation. If it were determined that transactions in which we participate violate U.S. or other sanctions, we could be subject to U.S. or other penalties, and our reputation and future business prospects in the United States or with U.S. persons, or in other jurisdictions, could be adversely affected. We rely on our staff to be up-to-date and aware of the latest sanctions in place. Further, investors in the Equity Shares could incur reputational or other risks as the result of our customers’ dealings in or with countries or with persons that are the subject of U.S. sanctions. 

# **EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

# **RISKS RELATING TO INDIA** 

**_47. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as Indian GAAP, U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which investors may be more familiar with and may consider material to their assessment of our financial condition._** 

Our Restated Consolidated Financial Information for Fiscal 2019, 2020 and 2021, and for the six months ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2021, have been prepared and presented in conformity with Ind AS. Ind AS differs in certain significant respects from Indian GAAP, IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. If our Restated Consolidated Financial Information were to be prepared in accordance with such other accounting principles, our results of operations, cash flows and financial position may be different. Prospective investors should review the accounting policies applied in the preparation of our Restated Consolidated Financial Information, and consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between these accounting principles and those with which they may be more familiar. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting standards on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

In addition, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“ **MCA** ”) has vide notification dated March 30, 2019 notified ‘Ind AS 116 – Leases’ and we were required to adopt Ind AS 116 from April 1, 2019. We have adopted Ind AS 116, effective annual reporting period beginning April 1, 2019 and applied the standard to our leases using the modified retrospective approach, and have taken the cumulative adjustment to retained earnings, on the date of initial application, i.e. April 1, 2018. Consequently, we recorded the lease liability at the present value of the remaining lease payments discounted at the incremental borrowing rate as on the date of transition and the right of use asset at the carrying amount as if the standard had been applied since the commencement date of the lease, but discounted at the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate at the date of initial application. Accordingly, previous period information has not been restated. On transition to Ind AS 116, i.e., April 1, 2018, we (i) applied a single discount rate to a portfolio of leases of similar assets in similar economic environment with a similar end date; (ii) excluded the initial direct costs from the measurement of the right-of-use asset at the date of initial application; (iii) did not reassess whether a contract is, or contains, a lease at the date of initial application, but instead applied the standards only to contracts that were previously identified as leases under Ind AS 17; and (iv) used hindsight in determining the lease term where the contract contained options to extend or terminate the lease. For further information on such impact, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis on the Financial Conditions and Results of Operations – Changes in Accounting Policies_ ” on page 298. 

Therefore, our audited consolidated financial statements for Fiscal 2019 are not comparable with the Restated Consolidated Financial Information as of and for the year ended March 31, 2019, as included in this Red Herring Prospectus, and will not be comparable with the financial statements/ financial information we prepare in accordance with Ind AS 116 for any future periods. 

51 

The adoption of Ind AS 116, had a material impact on our financial statements. The major impact on the consolidated financial statements for the years ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2021 and for the six months ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2021, were on finance costs, depreciation and amortization expenses, rent expenses, profit before tax, profit after tax, total comprehensive income, earnings per share, EBITDA and other financial ratios. For further information on such impact, see “ _Financial Statements – Note 30: Leases_ ” on page 264. The governmental and regulatory bodies in India may continue to notify such new accounting standards, regulations and/or policies. There can be no assurance that any such changes in accounting standards, regulations or policies would not lead to different accounting methods, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_48. Our business may be adversely affected by changes in general macroeconomic and demographic factors in India._** 

In Fiscal 2019, 2020 and 2021, and in the six months ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2021, we generated interest income of ₹ 31.68 million, ₹ 39.72 million, ₹ 53.07 million, ₹ 26.68 million and ₹ 38.77 million, respectively, that represented 1.39%, 1.82%, 6.28%, 6.06% and 6.92% of our profit before tax in such periods, respectively. Our business results are therefore dependent on a number of general macroeconomic and demographic factors in India which are beyond our control. In particular, our revenue and profitability are strongly correlated to consumer discretionary spending, which is influenced by general economic conditions, unemployment levels, the availability of discretionary income and consumer confidence, particularly in the cities and communities where our stores are located. Recessionary economic cycles, a protracted economic slowdown, a worsening economy, increased unemployment, increased food prices, increased energy prices, rising interest rates or other industry-wide cost pressures could also affect consumer behaviour and spending for footwear and lead to a decline in our interest income, sales and earnings. In particular, the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic has led to an economic downturn and a decrease in consumer discretionary spending in India and globally. The Indian economy’s GDP grew at a slower pace of 4.2% in Fiscal 2020. With implementation of nationwide lockdown on account of COVID-19, retail consumption took a hit and thus, overall retail grew at a slower pace of 7.5% in Fiscal 2020 ( _Source: CRISIL Report_ ). 

In addition, increases in petrol, diesel, natural gas, electricity and other energy costs, and increases in borrowing costs with rising interest rates, could also result in our customers having lower disposable income. Any significant decrease in our customer footfalls as a result of these or other factors could negatively impact our financial performance. Demographic factors, such as population concentrations in key metropolitan areas and cities where our stores are located, could also impact our brand awareness and customer footfalls in our stores. The retail industry may also be affected by industry-specific developments, such as changes in trends relating to growing infrastructure spending and investment in retail space that result from changes in national, regional and local economic conditions. In addition, the government has imposed and is expected to continue to impose the heightened restrictive measures in relation to sanitization of spaces and other related areas following the COVID-19 pandemic, and retailers are likely to incur higher operating costs to ensure compliance with any such measures in the future. Any adverse developments in relation to the retail industry in India as a result of these or other factors could also adversely impact our future growth prospects. 

Unfavourable changes in the above factors or in other business and economic conditions affecting our customers could increase our costs, reduce customer footfalls in some or all of our stores or impose pricing pressures, any of which could lower our profit margins and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_49. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia, Russia and elsewhere in the world in recent years has adversely affected the Indian economy. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby negatively affect the Indian economy. Financial disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on our principal markets. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. Following the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union (“ **Brexit** ”), there remains significant 

52 

uncertainty around the terms of their future relationship with the European Union and, more generally, as to the impact of Brexit on the general economic conditions in the United Kingdom and the European Union and any consequential impact on global financial markets. For example, Brexit could give rise to increased volatility in foreign exchange rate movements and the value of equity and debt investments. 

In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy as well as a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term effect of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. Any significant financial disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_50. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or outbreak of global pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, pandemics and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war in India or globally may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighboring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

**_51. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located elsewhere, including India. Adverse economic developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficit, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 

We are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in which we operate. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. Demand for our products may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional and global economies. Economic growth in the countries in which we operate is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports, global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall which affects agricultural production. Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Also, a change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could adversely affect economic conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular and high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our revenues, and as such decrease our operating margins. 

**_52. If there is any change in laws or regulations, including taxation laws, or their interpretation, such changes_** 

53 

# **_may significantly affect our financial statements._** 

Any change in Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. For instance, the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2019, prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. According to this Act, companies can henceforth voluntarily opt in favor of a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which would ultimately reduce the effective tax rate for Indian companies from 34.94% to approximately 25.17%. Any such future amendments may affect our ability to claim exemptions that we have historically benefited from, and such exemptions may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. 

In addition, we are subject to tax related inquiries and claims. We may be particularly affected by claims from tax authorities on account of income tax assessment, service tax and GST that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into one unified rate of interest with effect from July 1, 2017. 

Further, the Government of India has notified the Finance Act, 2021 (“ **Finance Act** ”) which has introduced various amendments to taxation laws in India. There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. 

# **_53. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. As provided in the foreign exchange controls currently in effect in India, the RBI has provided that the price at which the Equity Shares are transferred be calculated in accordance with internationally accepted pricing methodology for the valuation of shares at an arm’s length basis, and a higher (or lower, as applicable) price per share may not be permitted. Further, in accordance with Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020 issued by the DPIIT and the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments)Amendment Rules, 2020 which came into effect from April 22, 2020, any investment, subscription, purchase or sale of equity instruments by entities of a country which shares a land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country, will require prior approval of the Government of India, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy and the FEMA Rules. These investment restrictions shall also apply to subscribers of offshore derivative instruments. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For further information, including with respect to eligible Bidders, please see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 387. 

# **_54. A downgrade in ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. Any further adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside 

54 

our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_55. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us._** 

We are incorporated under the laws of India and all of our Directors and key management personnel reside in India. A majority of our assets, and the assets of certain of our Directors, key management personnel and other senior management, are also located in India. Where investors wish to enforce foreign judgments in India, they may face difficulties in enforcing such judgments. India exercises reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions, such as United Kingdom, Singapore, Hong Kong and United Arab Emirates. In order to be enforceable, a judgment obtained in a jurisdiction which India recognises as a reciprocating territory must meet certain requirements of Section 13 and Section 44A of the Civil Procedure Code, 1908 (the “ **CPC** ”). Further, the CPC only permits enforcement of monetary decrees not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes or, other charges of a similar nature or in respect of a fine or other penalty. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions not recognised as a reciprocating territory by India, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, cannot be enforced or executed in India. Even if a party were to obtain a judgment in such a jurisdiction, it would be required to institute a fresh suit upon the judgment in India and would not be able to enforce such judgment by proceedings in execution. Further, the party which has obtained such judgment must institute the new proceedings within three years of obtaining the judgment. As a result, the investor may be unable to: (i) effect service of process outside of India upon us and such other persons or entities; or (ii) enforce in courts outside of India judgments obtained in such courts against us and such other persons or entities. 

It cannot be assured that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it views the amount of damages awarded as excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. A party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval from the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered pursuant to the execution of such foreign judgment. 

# **_56. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our products at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our customers thereby reducing our margins._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of transportation, wages, raw materials and other expenses relevant to our business. 

High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our customers, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or increase the maximum retail price of our products to pass the increase in costs on to our customers. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Further, the Government of India has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

# **_57. Adverse geopolitical conditions such as increased tensions between India and China, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Adverse geopolitical conditions such as increased tensions between India and China resulting in any military conflict in the region could adversely affect our business and operations. Such events may lead to countries imposing restrictions on the import or export of products or raw materials, among others, and could affect our ability to procure raw materials and products from vendors operating in China. The occurrence of any event that may alter trade relations between the two countries may therefore significantly impact our business and financial condition. We could also be affected by the introduction of import tariffs in India, or in the countries to which we export our products, or changes in trade agreements between countries. 

# **RISKS RELATING TO THE OFFER AND THE EQUITY SHARES** 

55 

# **_58. The trading volume and market price of the Equity Shares may be volatile following the Issue._** 

The market price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate as a result of, among other things, the following factors, some of which are beyond our control: 

- quarterly variations in our results of operations; 

- results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

- results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 

- changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by research analysts and investors; 

- a change in research analysts’ recommendations; 

- announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments; 

- announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us; 

- new laws and governmental regulations applicable to our industry; 

- additions or departures of key management personnel; 

- changes in exchange rates; 

- fluctuations in stock market prices and volume; and 

- general economic and stock market conditions. 

Changes in relation to any of the factors listed above could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_59. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Issue._** 

The Issue Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 113 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Issue. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that you will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

**_60. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and the Offer may not result in an active or liquid market for the Equity Shares. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and the investors may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the stock exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India and volatility in the Stock Exchanges and securities markets elsewhere in the world. 

# **_61. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of income arising on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares held as investments in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Any capital gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares on a Stock Exchange held for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to long term capital gains in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as whether the sale is undertaken on or off the Stock Exchanges, the quantum of gains and any available treaty relief. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of Securities Transaction Tax (“ **STT** ”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. Further, any capital gains realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will not be chargeable to tax in India in cases where relief from such taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident and the seller is entitled to avail benefits thereunder. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

56 

Similarly, any business income realized from the transfer of Equity Shares held as trading assets is taxable at the applicable tax rates subject to any treaty relief, if applicable, to a non-resident seller. Additionally, in terms of the Finance Act, 2018, which has been notified on March 29, 2018 with effect from April 1, 2018, the tax payable by an assessee on the capital gains arising from transfer of long term capital asset (introduced as section 112A of the Income-Tax Act, 1961) shall be calculated on such long-term capital gains at the rate of 10%, where the long-term capital gains exceed ₹100,000, subject to certain exceptions in case of a resident individuals and HUF. 

**_62. Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Issue._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited with the Equity Shares within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Issue and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately six Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise any delay in commencing trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

**_63. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked instruments by us may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering of Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares including through exercise of employee stock options, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us or sales of our Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that we will not issue Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares or that our Shareholders will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

**_64. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For further information, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 387. 

**_65. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after the submission of their Bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after closure of the Bid/ Issue Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/ Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until the Bid/ Offer Closing Date. While we are required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock 

57 

Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within six Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by the SEBI, events affecting the investors’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events may limit the Investors’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Issue or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

# **_66. Investors may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting on such resolution. 

However, if the law of the jurisdiction the investors are in, does not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our Company filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless our Company makes such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise preemptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in our Company would be reduced. 

# **_67. The requirements of being a publicly listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a publicly listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the SEBI Listing Regulations, which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. 

Further, as a publicly listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

# **_68. Compliance with provisions of Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act may affect payments on the Equity Shares._** 

The U.S. “Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act” (or “ **FATCA** ”) imposes a new reporting regime and potentially, imposes a 30% withholding tax on certain “foreign passthru payments” made by certain non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries). 

If payments on the Equity Shares are made by such non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries), this withholding may be imposed on such payments if made to any non-U.S. financial institution (including an intermediary) that is not otherwise exempt from FATCA or other holders who do not provide sufficient identifying information to the payer, to the extent such payments are considered “foreign passthru payments”. Under current guidance, the term “foreign passthru payment” is not defined and it is therefore not clear whether and to what extent payments on the Equity Shares would be considered “foreign passthru payments”. The United States has entered into intergovernmental agreements with many jurisdictions (including India) that modify the FATCA withholding regime described above. It is not yet clear how the intergovernmental agreements between the United States and these jurisdictions will address “foreign passthru payments” and whether such agreements will require us or other financial institutions to withhold or report on payments on the Equity Shares to the extent they are treated as “foreign 

58 

passthru payments”. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the consequences of FATCA, or any intergovernmental agreement or non-U.S. legislation implementing FATCA, to their investment in Equity Shares. 

**_69. U.S. holders should consider the impact of the passive foreign investment company rules in connection with an investment in our Equity Shares._** 

A foreign corporation will be treated as a passive foreign investment company (“ **PFIC** ”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes for any taxable year in which either: (i) at least 75% of its gross income is “passive income” or (ii) at least 50% of its gross assets during the taxable year (based on of the quarterly values of the assets during a taxable year) are “passive assets,” which generally means that they produce passive income or are held for the production of passive income. 

Our Company believes it was not a PFIC for fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, and does not expect to be a PFIC for the current year or any future years. However, no assurance can be given that our Company will or will not be considered a PFIC in the current or future years. The determination of whether or not our Company is a PFIC is a factual determination that is made annually after the end of each taxable year, and there can be no assurance that our Company will not be considered a PFIC in the current taxable year or any future taxable year because, among other reasons, (i) the composition of our Company’s income and assets will vary over time, and (ii) the manner of the application of relevant rules is uncertain in several respects. Further, our Company’s PFIC status may depend on the market price of its Equity Shares, which may fluctuate considerably. 

59 

