# **SECTION II - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment decision in the Equity Shares. The risks described below are not only relevant to us or the Equity Shares, but also to the industry in which we operate or to India and other jurisdictions that we may operate in. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The risk factors set forth below are not exhaustive and do not purport to be complete or comprehensive in terms of all risk factors that may arise in connection with to our business or any decisions to purchase own or dispose of Equity Shares. This section addresses general risks associated with the industry in which we operate and specific risks associated with our Company. To obtain a complete understanding of our Company, Bidders should read this section in conjunction with the sections “_ **_Our Business_** _”, “_ **_Industry Overview_** _” and “_ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_** _” on pages 149, 107 and 305, respectively, as well as other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. If any of the risks described below, or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected, the trading price of the Equity Shares could decline, and Bidders may lose all or part of the value of their investment. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in our Equity Shares. Unless otherwise stated, the financial information used in this section is derived from our Restated Consolidated Financial Information._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our results could materially differ from such forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further details, see “_ **_Forward Looking Statements_** _” on page15._ 

_Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section._ 

# **Internal Risk Factors** 

# **_Risks Relating to our Business_** 

1. **_The continuing effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted._** 

In late calendar 2019, COVID-19, commonly known as “novel coronavirus” was first reported in Wuhan, China. Since then, the virus has progressively spread globally. The World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak as a health emergency of international concern on January 30, 2020 and thereafter categorised the outbreak as a global pandemic on March 11, 2020. 

In order to contain the spread of COVID-19 virus, the Government of India initially announced a 21-day lockdown on March 24, 2020, which, after being subject to successive extensions, is being relaxed currently. During the lockdown, there were several restrictions in place including travel restrictions and directive to all citizens to not move out of their respective houses unless essential. Whilst the lockdown required private, commercial and industrial establishments to remain closed, manufacturing units of essential commodities were permitted to be functional. Tahliwal Manufacturing Facility, Phillaur Manufacturing Facility, Rajpura Manufacturing Facility and Khopoli Manufacturing Facility were shut down for a period of around 3-6 days i.e., from March 23, 2020 to March 30, 2020 and given that we are engaged in manufacturing of biscuits and bakery products which are fast moving consumer products, and are all categorised as ‘essential goods’, our operations resumed thereafter after making adequate arrangements to meet the government’s requirement on sanitisation, and social distancing. Despite various restrictions being applicable during the nation-wide lockdown, we believe there was no material impact on our procurement of raw materials and distributions of our products to our customers. We typically maintain an inventory of raw materials for a period of 15-20 days due to which we have not faced any disruption in our manufacturing process during this period. Further, while our business operations and sales to retail customers were not impacted, the sales of our products to our QSR customers, CSDs and Indian Railway canteens and stores were significantly impacted due to COVID-19 pandemic. While the sales of our 

22 

products to the QSR customers and CSDs have improved, we cannot assure you that the position will continue to remain the same or the operations of the QSRs will substantially improve in near future and sales of our products to our QSR customers, CSDs and Indian Railway canteens and stores will revert to the pre-COVID-19 level soon. 

Due to the rising number of infected cases of COVID-19 in India, there is no certainty if additional restrictions will be put back in place or if another lockdown would be re-imposed to control the spread of the pandemic. We cannot assure you that we will not face any difficulty in our operations due to such restrictions and such prolonged instances of lockdown may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, our ability to ensure the safety of our workforce and continuity of operations while conforming to measures implemented by the central and state governments in relation to the health and safety of our employees may result in increased costs. In the event a member or members of our senior management team contract COVID-19, it may potentially affect our operations. While we have obtained a group mediclaim policy for our staff, in the event any of our employees contract COVID-19, we may be required to quarantine our employees and temporarily shut down a part of, or the entire manufacturing facility or our offices and branches, as necessary. Though, we have not had such an incident yet, we may be subject to such an event in the future and risks arising on account of employees affected by COVID-19 can also threaten the safe operation of our facilities, offices, loss of life, injuries and impact the well-being of our employees. Further, in light of the uncertain and rapidly evolving situation relating to the spread of COVID-19, we have taken precautionary measures intended to minimise the risk of the virus to our employees, our distributors and our customers, including virtualising our meetings to the extent possible, postponing, or canceling industry events, which may negatively impact our business. 

As a result of COVID-19, in order to prevent the shortage of raw materials, we have maintained additional raw materials for our production, however, continued supply disruptions could exert pressure on our costs, and we cannot assure you that all or part of any increased costs can be passed along to our consumers in a timely manner or at all, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The ultimate impact will depend on a number of factors, many of which are outside our control. These factors include the duration, severity and scope of the pandemic, the impact of the pandemic on economic activity in India and globally, the eventual level of infections in India or in the regions in which we operate, and the impact of any actions taken by governmental bodies or health organisations (whether mandatory or advisory) to combat the spread of the virus. These risks could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, while we believe that our business operations have not been significantly impacted by COVID-19, there is significant uncertainty on the impact of COVID-19 on global and Indian economy and we may not be able to accurately predict it’s near term or long term impact on our business. To the extent that COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this “ **_Risk Factors_** ” section. 

2. **_Our inability to anticipate, respond to and meet the tastes, preferences or consistent quality requirements of our consumers or our inability to accurately predict and successfully adapt to changes in market demand or consumer preference could reduce demand for our products, affect our brand loyalty and impact our sales._** 

Our results of operations and future growth plans, are largely dependent upon the demand for our biscuits and bakery products in the Indian and overseas markets. Demand for our products depends primarily on consumer-related factors such as demographics, local preferences, food consumption trends, the level of consumer confidence as well as on macroeconomic factors such as the condition of the economy. 

Over a period of time, there have been significant changes in consumers’ preferences on biscuits and bakery products in Indian as well as overseas market. There has been a shift towards healthier dietary options in recent times, particularly in the metropolitan and tier-I cities in which we have significant operations. With the increasing awareness of healthy diet practices and various medical conditions associated with such food products, consumers globally have started preferring low calorie products. Further, consumers’ view on nutritional profile of gluten free products, may lead to a significant shift from high consumption of our 

23 

products. Our success depends, on our ability to anticipate the tastes and dietary habits of our consumers and to offer affordable products that appeal to their needs and preferences in a timely manner. 

We are also subject to the preferences of consumers in various countries or regions where our consumers are located, including in relation to the quantity, quality, characteristics and variety of our products. The quality and characteristics of our products are also subject to government policies of various countries where our products are sold, and such government policies may change from time to time. Consumer tastes and preferences often change over time, and if we are not able to anticipate, identify or develop and market products that respond to changes in consumer tastes and preferences, demand for our products may decline and we may also have to incur additional operating expenses. We must, on a regular basis, keep pace with the preferences and quality requirements of our Indian and international consumers, invest continuously in new technology and processes to provide products having the desired qualities and characteristics, and continually monitor and adapt to the changing market demand. An unanticipated change in consumer demand may adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. 

# 3. **_We could be adversely affected due to restriction on use of our brand name and any negative publicity of our products._** 

We manufacture and supply biscuits and premium bakery products and our products are sold under our well-recognised brands, _‘Mrs. Bector’s Cremica’_ and ‘ _English Oven_ ’. We also have a considerable presence in the export market covering 64 countries across six continents during the Financial Year ended March 31, 2020. 

Pursuant to a memorandum of understanding dated November 21, 2013 (“ **Brand Separation MoU** ”) amongst our Company, Cremica Frozen Foods Limited, Mrs. Bector’s Cremica Enterprises Limited, Cremica Food Industries Limited, Ms. Rajni Bector, Mr. Ajay Bector and certain members of his family, Mr. Akshay Bector and certain members of his family, and our Promoter and certain members of his family, our Company is subject to a restriction on our right to use the brand name ‘ _Mrs. Bector’s Cremica_ ’ for our biscuits business only. Further, pursuant to a composite scheme of amalgamation and arrangement entered into between our Company, erstwhile Cremica Industries Limited, erstwhile Cremica Milk Specialities Limited, Mrs. Bectors Cremica Enterprises Limited, erstwhile Bector Foods Limited, erstwhile Cremica Foods Limited and Cremica Food Industries Limited, approved by an order of the High Court of Punjab and Haryana dated July 4, 2014 (“ **Scheme of Amalgamation and Arrangement** ”): (i) the breads business of Cremica Industries Limited was demerged (on a going concern basis) into Mrs. Bectors Cremica Enterprises Limited which is managed by Mr. Ajay Bector; (ii) Cremica Industries Limited (after the demerger of its breads business), Bector Foods Limited, Cremica Foods Limited and Cremica Milk Specialities Limited, merged with our Company, with effect from April 1, 2013, which is managed by our Promoter; and (iii) the Condiments Undertaking was demerged (on a going concern basis) into Cremica Foods Industries Limited which is managed by Mr. Akshay Bector. Therefore, in the future, if we may enter into new businesses such as condiments business, we shall not be able to sell such products under our brand name ‘ _Mrs. Bector’s Cremica_ ’. As we do not have any right to use the brand for the purposes of marketing any other products that we may foray into in the future, it may require us to invest considerably in establishing our new brands which may not be accepted by our consumers and therefore, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, we could not use the brand name ‘ _Mrs. Bector’s Cremica_ ’ for sale of our breads to retail customers, and therefore, we developed and sold our breads and bakery products to retail customers under the brand ‘ _English Oven_ ’. While ‘ _English Oven_ ’ as a brand has now established its presence in the premium bakery segment in Delhi (NCR), Mumbai and Bengaluru according to the Technopak Report, we cannot assure that we will be able to further strengthen and expand our ‘ _English Oven_ ’ brand for our bakery business to retail customers. 

Additionally, we may not be able to control any negative publicity on our products due to any negative publicity on other ‘ _Cremica_ ’ products that do not form part of our product portfolio, pursuant to the Scheme of Amalgamation and Arrangement and the Brand Separation MoU. For details, see “ **_History and Certain Corporate Matters – Details regarding material acquisitions or divestments of business/undertakings, mergers, amalgamation, any revaluation of assets, etc. in the last 10 years._** ” and “ **_Promoter and Promoter Group – Change in the management and control of our Company_** ” on page 185 and 207, respectively. 

4. **_In the past, one of our Group Companies, CAFL, has been in violation of listing requirements of an erstwhile recognised stock exchange, OTC Exchange of India (“OTCEI”) and CAFL, our Promoter and one of our Non-Executive Directors, have been subject to disciplinary actions by OTCEI in the past._** 

24 

One of our Group Companies, CAFL was earlier listed on the OTCEI. During such period, CAFL received notices with respect to certain non-compliances such as non-submission of annual reports of CAFL for a period of five years, non-submission of details of its annual general meetings, its board meetings, shareholding patterns for various periods, non-submission of secretarial audit reports for certain periods and, non-appointment of a compliance officer etc. CAFL, by way of its application dated January 20, 2013 filed on February 12, 2013, sought for compounding of such offences. Further, SEBI had derecognised OTCEI by way of its order dated March 31, 2015 and accordingly, CAFL, a company listed on the OTCEI, was identified as an exclusively listed company of a de-recognised stock exchange and was placed on the dissemination board pursuant to the SEBI circular dated October 10, 2016 (“ **SEBI 2016 Circular** ”). Pursuant to being placed on the dissemination board, a notice dated March 28, 2018 and letter dated April 9, 2018 were issued by BSE which alleged CAFL had failed to submit its plan of action under SEBI 2016 Circular which required CAFL to either provide an exit option to its public shareholders or indication to meet the listing requirements within the prescribed timelines in compliance with the SEBI 2016 Circular to the BSE. Accordingly, certain actions were initiated against CAFL as well as the directors and promoters of CAFL which included our Promoter, Mr. Anoop Bector and one of our non-executive directors i.e., Ms. Rajni Bector. CAFL by way of its letters dated February 8. 2017 and April 4, 2018, intimated to BSE about the intention of listing its shares with the Metropolitan Stock Exchange of India Limited (“ **MSEIL** ”). Therefore, on July 16, 2018, on listing of securities of CAFL and admission for trading on the MSEIL, CAFL complied with the requirements of the SEBI 2016 Circular, subsequent to which, the name of CAFL was removed from the dissemination board by BSE as communicated by BSE pursuant to its letter dated July 20, 2018 (ref no. DCS/DB/VK/REMOV/657/2018-19). 

We cannot assure that, in the future, no legal proceedings or regulatory action will be initiated against our Company, our Promoter or CAFL in this regard, which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and reputation. We cannot assure that we will not be subject to any penalty or liabilities with respect to such non-compliances in the future. 

# 5. **_We have incurred indebtedness and may incur additional debt in the future, which may expose us to interest rate fluctuations, and restrict our operational flexibility in certain ways._** 

The biscuits and bakery products industry is inherently capital intensive and requires significant expenditure. Our ability to borrow, the terms of our borrowings and our cost of borrowing depend on various factors, including our results of operations, financial condition, general market conditions for biscuits and bakery products companies, economic and political conditions in the geographies where we operate, and our capacity to service debt. 

As on October 31, 2020, our outstanding indebtedness was ₹ 1,271.69 million. 

Our indebtedness could have several consequences, including but not limited to the following: 

- a portion of our cash flows may be used towards repayment of our existing debt, which will reduce the availability of our free cash flows to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other requirements; 

- our ability to obtain additional financing in the future at reasonable terms may be restricted; 

- fluctuations in market interest rates may affect the cost of our borrowings, as some of our indebtedness is at variable interest rates; 

- there could be an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations if we are unable to service our indebtedness or otherwise comply with financial and other covenants specified in the financing agreements; and 

- we may be limited in our ability to withstand competitive pressures and may have reduced flexibility in responding to changing business, regulatory and economic conditions. 

Given the nature of our business, we may continue to incur indebtedness even after the completion of the Offer, and we cannot assure you that the aforementioned risks will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

6. **_One of our Group Companies, CAFL, has incurred losses in the Financial Year 2018 and may incur losses in the future._** 

25 

One of our Group Companies, CAFL, has incurred losses in Financial Year 2018, the details of which are as follows: 

||||(_In ₹ million_)|
|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Financial Year 2020**|**Financial Year 2019**|**Financial Year**<br>**2018**|
|Profit/(Loss) After|0.86|1.57|(16.87)|
|Tax||||



Any such losses that CAFL may incur in the future, may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

# 7. **_We currently avail benefits under certain export promotion schemes. Any failure in meeting the obligations under such schemes, may result in adversely affecting our business operations and our financial condition._** 

We currently avail benefits under certain export promotion schemes, including Duty Free Import Authorisation scheme (“ **DFIA Scheme** ”), Merchandise Exports from India scheme (“ **MEIS** ”) and Export Promotion Capital Goods (“ **EPCG** ”) license. As per the licensing requirement under the said schemes, we are bound by certain export obligations which require us to export goods of a defined amount, failing which, we may have to pay the Government, a sum equivalent to the duty benefit enjoyed by us under the said schemes along with interest. As of September 30, 2020 and March 31, 2020 our pending obligations against EPCG License was ₹ 71.78 million and ₹ 76.08 million, respectively which will be adjusted at the time of the consequent exports as per the required timelines. There are no pending obligations under DFIA Scheme and MEIS. Any reduction or withdrawal of benefits or our inability to meet any of the conditions prescribed under any of the schemes would adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

8. **_There were certain differences between our Promoter, Mr. Anoop Bector and some of his disassociated relatives, which may result in a legal dispute and could adversely impact our reputation and financial condition._** 

Pursuant to a family settlement, our Promoter and Managing Director, Mr. Anoop Bector along with his family have disassociated themselves from his brothers Mr. Ajay Bector (and his family) and Mr. Akshay Bector (and his family). The family settlement was effected by way of amongst others (i) the Brand Separation MoU, in relation to the separation of brands and businesses, and (ii) a composite scheme of amalgamation and arrangement approved by the High Court of Punjab and Haryana at Chandigarh pursuant to an order dated July 4, 2014, in relation to the re-organisation of the respective businesses. 

One of the dissociated relatives of our Promoter, Mr. Ajay Bector, had made certain allegations against our Promoter in the past, alleging non-compliance with the terms of the family settlement by our Promoter. Further, in connection with the filing of the draft red herring prospectus of our Company dated August 10, 2018 with SEBI, Mr. Ajay Bector, by way of his letter dated September 3, 2018 (“ **Letter** ”) and a rejoinder dated November 15, 2018, addressed to SEBI and the BRLMs, made certain allegations against our Company and our Promoter. With respect to our Company, Mr. Ajay Bector had, _inter alia_ , alleged nondisclosure of certain family settlement related agreements in the draft red herring prospectus and also alleged certain irregularities in relation to the financial information of our Company disclosed in the draft red herring prospectus. With respect to our Promoter, Mr. Ajay Bector had, _inter alia_ , made allegations of misconduct and non-compliance with the terms of the family settlement by our Promoter. Our Company and our Promoter have responded to the Letter and rejoinder letter vide separate letters, both dated September 24, 2018 and December 6, 2018, respectively, denying all the allegations. 

Subsequently, our Company has received a letter dated September 18, 2020, from Mr. Ajay Bector which states that Mr. Ajay Bector and his family has disassociated from our Company and therefore, should not be considered or classified as members of promoter group of our Company. We cannot assure you that we will not receive similar complaints from Mr. Ajay Bector and other dissociated relatives in the future. Further, there may occur differences between our Promoter and his relatives which may also result in a legal dispute involving our Promoter and our Company. We cannot assure you that any such legal dispute will be settled in our favour, or that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings on our Company or Promoter. Any such legal dispute or allegations of impropriety by our Promoter or our Company could have an adverse impact on our reputation and financial condition. 

26 

9. **_There have been instances of non-compliances with certain legislations, if we are unable to establish and maintain effective system of internal controls and compliance, our business may get affected. We have also received an enquiry letter from RBI, any non-compliances in this regard may affect our business and reputation._** 

In the past, our controls and compliances for managing our secretarial records have been inadequate as a result of which there have been non-compliances with certain provisions of the Companies Act, 1956, and failure in maintaining certain corporate and regulatory records by our Company. For instance, in the past, we have not complied with the provisions of the Unlisted Public Companies (Preferential Allotment) Rules, 2003, as amended, with respect to three allotments undertaken by us on a preferential basis wherein the explanatory statements did not contain certain disclosures in relation to the shareholding pattern and objects of the issue. 

Further, our Company has received a letter dated March 2, 2020 from the RBI seeking certain documents in relation to a stake sale by Cremica Industries Limited and Bector Foods Limited (which were merged into our Company prior to the Scheme of Amalgamation and Arrangement) to Kerry Group BV pursuant to their exit from a joint venture in 2012. In this regard, Company has responded to RBI, subsequently, there have been no further communications by RBI in this regard. 

While no legal proceedings or regulatory action has been initiated against our Company in relation to the aforementioned non-compliances and enquires from the RBI as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we cannot assure you that no legal proceedings or regulatory actions will be initiated against us in the future in relation to these non-compliances or enquiries made, which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and reputation. 

10. **_Our Company, our Subsidiaries, certain of our Directors and our Promoter are involved in certain legal proceedings, which if determined adversely, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our Company, our Subsidiaries, certain of our Directors, and our Promoter are involved in certain legal proceedings, pending at varying levels of adjudication at different fora. A summary of such legal proceedings, including material legal proceedings, is set out below. 

|<sup>*****</sup>||||||_(₹ in million)_<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Name of Entity**|**Criminal**<br>**proceedings**|**Tax**<br>**proceedings**<br>**(including**<br>**property tax)**|**Statutory or**<br>**regulatory**<br>**proceedings**|**Disciplinary**<br>**actions by the**<br>**SEBI or Stock**<br>**Exchanges**<br>**against our**<br>**Promoter**|**Material civil**<br>**litigation**|**Aggregate**<br>**amount**<br>**involved (₹ in**<br>**million)**<sup>******</sup>|
|**Company**|||||||
|Bythe Company|33|Nil|Nil|N.A.|Nil|11.21|
|Against the Company|2<sup>#</sup>|20<sup>##</sup>|7|N.A.|1|73.26|
|**Directors**|||||||
|Bythe Directors|Nil|Nil|Nil|N.A.|Nil|Nil|
|Against the Directors|1<sup>#</sup>|1<sup>^</sup>|Nil|N.A|Nil|18.65|
|**Promoter**<sup>**^**</sup>|||||||
|Bythe Promoter|Nil|Nil|Nil|N.A|Nil|Nil|
|Against the Promoter|1<sup>#</sup>|1<sup>^</sup>|Nil|1|Nil|18.65|
|**Subsidiaries**|||||||
|Bythe Subsidiaries|Nil|1|Nil|N.A.|Nil|0.88|
|Against the<br>Subsidiaries|Nil|Nil|Nil|N.A.|Nil|Nil|
|**Total**|**37**<sup>**^**</sup>|**23**<sup>**^**</sup>|**7**|**1**|**1**|**104.00**<sup>**^**</sup>|



> _* There is no pending litigation involving our Group Companies which will have a material impact on our Company. **To the extent quantifiable. # Our Promoter who is also our Managing Director has been named as a party to the same criminal proceeding against the Company. ## The cases related to entry tax of different years with Government of Punjab have been counted as single case. ^ All the cases involving our Directors are against our Promoter and Managing Director Mr. Anoop Bector._ 

We cannot assure you that any of the outstanding legal or other proceedings will be settled favourably, or that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. Defending such proceedings could involve diversion of our management’s time and attention. An adverse outcome in any of these proceedings could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further details, see “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_** ” on page 346. 

27 

11. **_We have experienced negative cash flows (from investing activities and financing activities) in the past and may continue to have negative cash flows in the future. Any such negative cash flows in the future may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

The following table sets forth our cash flows for the periods indicated (as per our Restated Consolidated Financial Information): 

|**Particulars**|**Period**<br>**between**<br>**April 1,**<br>**2020 to**<br>**September**<br>**30, 2020**|**Period**<br>**between**<br>**April 1,**<br>**2019 to**<br>**September**<br>**30, 2019**<br>_(₹_|**March**<br>**31, 2020**<br>_in million)_|**March**<br>**31,**<br>**2019**|**March**<br>**31, 2018**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Net cashgenerated from operatingactivities|679.71|375.52|1,094.85|539.86|464.99|
|Net cash used in investingactivities|(564.78)|(183.31)|(432.29)|(612.51)|(1,120.36)|
|Net cash used from/ in financingactivities|(149.50)|(224.44)|(510.85)|69.17|578.05|
|Net increase in cash and cash equivalents at the end<br>of theperiod/year|172.42|23.05|206.99|55.28|58.76|



For further information on our negative net cash flows, see “ **_Financial Statements_** ” on page 218. We cannot assure you that our net cash flows will be positive in the future. Negative cash flows in the future could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

12. **_We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which may impact our results of operations, impact our cash flows and cause our financial results to fluctuate._** 

Our financial statements are presented in Indian Rupees. However, our revenues and finance charges are influenced by the currencies of geographies where we sell our products (for example Australasia, East and South Africa, Europe, MENA region, and North America). For period between April 1, 2020 to September 30, 2020, foreign currency-linked revenue comprised around 24.51%, of our revenues from operations. The exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and these currencies has fluctuated in the past and our results of operations and cash flows have been impacted by such fluctuations in the past and may be impacted by such fluctuations in the future. For example, during times of strengthening of the Indian Rupee, we expect that our overseas sales and revenues will generally be negatively impacted as foreign currency received will be translated into fewer Indian Rupees. However, the converse positive effect of depreciation in the Indian Rupee may not be sustained or may not show an appreciable impact in our results of operations in any given financial period, due to other variables impacting our business and results of operations during the same period. 

We may, therefore, suffer losses on account of foreign currency fluctuations for sale of our products to our international consumers, since we may be able to revise the prices, for foreign currency fluctuations, only on a periodic basis and may not be able to pass on all losses on account of foreign currency fluctuations to our consumers. Further, we import machinery from other countries from time to time and the prices of which will be impacted by the foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 

While we hedge some of our foreign currency exchange risks from time to time by entering into forward exchange contracts and seek to hedge some of our future transaction by entering into similar transactions, any amount that we spend or invest in order to hedge the risks to our business due to fluctuations in currencies may not adequately hedge against any losses that we may incur due to such fluctuations. 

13. **_We may be affected due to adverse outcome of certain legal proceedings in relation to cases under FSS Act with respect to products belonging to our erstwhile customer for whom we undertake contract manufacturing._** 

We have received three notices from certain food safety officers under FSS Act which is in relation to misbranding of samples of certain products which belong to our erstwhile customers for whom we undertake contract manufacturing of biscuits. Since, the products which are subject matter of the aforementioned notices belong to our erstwhile customer, the legal proceedings with respect to the aforementioned notices are being pursued by our erstwhile customer and we do not have any further details in relation to the current status of these matters. An adverse outcome against us in any of these proceedings could have an adverse 

28 

effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For details, see “ **_Outstanding Litigations against our Company - Actions taken by statutory/regulatory authorities involving our Company_** ” on page 346. 

14. **_A disruption or shutdown of our manufacturing operations or under-utilisation of our manufacturing facilities or our failure to commission our new facilities successfully or a shortage or non-availability of fuel, electricity, or water could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our business is highly dependent upon our ability to manage our six manufacturing facilities that are located in Phillaur and Rajpura (Punjab), Tahliwal (Himachal Pradesh), Greater Noida (Uttar Pradesh), Khopoli (Maharashtra) and Bengaluru (Karnataka). Our manufacturing facilities are subject to operational risks, such as the breakdown or failure of equipment, power supply or processes, performance below expected levels of efficiency, obsolescence of equipment or machinery, labour disputes, natural disasters, industrial accidents and the need to comply with the directives of relevant Government authorities. Our business is dependent upon our ability to manage our manufacturing facilities effectively, which are subject to various operating risks, including those beyond our control. We also depend on heavy and expensive machinery for manufacture of our products and any breakdown in the machinery may lead to halt in our manufacturing process thus adversely affecting our business and results of operations. Although we have not experienced any material malfunction or delay in the past which would have materially impacted our financial performance, any significant malfunction or breakdown of our machinery may entail high repair and maintenance costs and cause delays in our operations. If we are unable to repair malfunctioning machinery in a timely manner or at all, our operations may need to be suspended until we procure machinery to replace them. In addition, we may be required to carry out planned shutdowns of our facilities for maintenance, statutory inspections and testing, or may shut down certain facilities for capacity expansion and equipment upgrades. Our capacity utilisation is also affected by the product requirements by our distributors, suppliers and our institutional customers. For details on capacity utilisation of our manufacturing facilities in respect of our biscuits and bakery products, for the Financial Years 2020, 2019, 2018, and the period between April 1, 2020 to September 30, 2020, see “ **_Our Business – Our Manufacturing Facilities_** ” on page 167. Under-utilisation of our manufacturing capacities over extended periods, or significant under-utilisation in the short term, could materially and adversely impact our business, growth prospects and future financial performance. 

We may also face protests from local citizens at our existing facilities or while setting up new facilities, which may delay or halt our operations. Further, several of the raw materials that we require, are perishable products and consequently, any malfunction or break-down of our machinery or equipment resulting in the slowdown or stoppage of our operations may adversely affect the quality of such raw materials. 

We cannot assure you that there will not be any significant disruptions in our operations or disruptions in commissioning of new manufacturing facilities in the future. Although we employ routine safety procedures in the operations of our facilities and maintain what we consider to be adequate insurance, there is a risk that an accident may occur in any of our facilities in the future. An accident may result in destruction of property or equipment, environmental damage, production or delivery delays, or may lead to suspension of our operations and/or imposition of liabilities. Any such accident may result in litigation, the outcome of which is difficult to assess or quantify, and the cost to defend litigation can be significant. For example in the year 2017, a legal proceeding had been initiated by Naresh Kumar, an ex-workman of our Company, in the Court of Civil Judge, Senior Division, Himachal Pradesh, exercising powers under the Employees’ Compensation Act, 1923 seeking compensation of ₹ 1.00 million with an interest of 12% per annum for termination of employment and non-payment of compensation for the injuries sustained during the course of employment at our Tahliwal Manufacturing Facility. While this pending litigation against our Company is below the materiality threshold as per the Materiality Policy adopted by our Board as disclosed in the chapter titled “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_** ” on page 345, we cannot assure that, the costs to defend any such future action or the potential liability resulting from any such accident or death or arising out of any other litigation, and any negative publicity associated therewith, may not have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our operations also require a significant amount and continuous supply of electricity, fuel, and water and any shortage or non-availability of such utilities may adversely affect our operations. We also require substantial electricity for our manufacturing facilities, most of which is sourced from local utilities, supported by diesel generator sets installed at our facilities. We had installed a solar power generation plant 

29 

having capacity of 224.6 KWP at Greater Noida Manufacturing Facility. However, we largely depend on non-renewable sources of energy for supply of electricity to our manufacturing facilities. Further, our raw materials and our products, being perishable in nature, are required to be stored at specific temperatures, supported by continuous supply of electricity and if supply of electricity is not available for any reason, we will need to rely on alternative sources, which may not consistently meet our requirements. The cost of electricity purchased from alternative sources could be significantly higher, thereby adversely affecting our cost of production and profitability. If for any reason such electricity is not available, including for expansion of our facilities, we may need to shut down our facilities until any adequate supply of electricity is restored. Interruptions of electricity supply can also result in production shutdowns, increased costs associated with restarting production and the loss of production in progress. 

We currently source our water requirements from state and municipal corporations and local body water supply, and water tankers and depend on state electricity boards and private suppliers for our energy requirements. Although we have diesel generators to meet exigencies at certain of our manufacturing facilities, we cannot assure you that our manufacturing facilities will be operational during power failures. Any failure on our part to obtain alternate sources of electricity, fuel or water, in a timely manner, and at an acceptable cost, may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

15. **_We do not have any long term contracts with our QSR customers and any disruption in our business operations with our QSR customers will adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We supply buns and other bakery frozen products to institutional customers and we are the largest supplier of buns to reputed multinational QSR chains according to the Technopak Report. The revenue from sale of buns, bakery and frozen products to our institutional clients accounted for 16.84%, 14.50%, 13.36%, 5.67% and 17.40%, of our revenue from operations in the Financial Year 2020, 2019 and 2018, for the period between April 1, 2020 to September 30, 2020 and the period between April 1, 2019 to September 30, 2019 respectively. We supply our buns to various international QSR chains in India, such as Burger King India Private Limited, Connaught Plaza Restaurants Private Limited, Hardcastle Restaurants Private Limited, and Yum! Restaurants (India) Private Limited. However, we do not have any long term supply agreements with any of our QSR customers. The supply of our products to such QSR customers is typically contingent on demand arising on a day to day basis which is subject to fluctuation. We cannot assure that we will receive repeat orders from our QSR customers in the future. Further, absence of any contractual exclusivity with respect to our business arrangements with such QSR customers poses a threat on our ability to be able to continue to supply our products to these QSR customers in the future. Additionally, any change in preference of supplier by these QSR customers due to any existing peer or entry of any new peer may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our business may also be significantly affected if there are any temporary or permanent closure of operations of such QSR customers in India or diversification of their products which are not supplied by us. For example, in December 2017, around 80 outlets of one of the QSR chain had suspended their operations for a period of over a month in North and East India. Further, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, our QSR, CSD businesses and supply to Indian Railway canteens has declined in the Financial Year 2020 and for the period from April 1, 2020 to June 30, 2020 which has an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

16. **_We have contingent liabilities disclosed and not provided for as on September 30, 2020 and profitability may be adversely affected if any of these contingent liabilities materialise._** 

As of September 30, 2020, our contingent liabilities as per **_Annexure VI – Notes to Restated Consolidated Financial Information_** on page 273, that have not been provided for were as follows: 

||_(In ₹ million)_|
|---|---|
|**Particulars of contingent liabilities**|**As of September 30, 2020**|
|**a)**<br>**Claims against the Group not acknowledged**<br>**as debts**||
|(i) Income tax related matters|31.03|
|(ii) Sales tax related matters|3.89|
|(iii) Civil matters|9.10|



30 

|**Particulars of contingent liabilities**|**As of September 30, 2020**|
|---|---|
|**b) In respect of bank guarantees**|0.41|
|**c) In respect of bonus**|10.48|
|**d) Others**|71.78|



We cannot assure that we will not incur similar or increased levels of contingent liabilities in the current Financial Year or in the future. In the event, or to the extent, that any of our contingent liabilities is realised, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

17. **_Our Promoter has entered into, and may enter into, ventures that may lead to real or potential conflicts of interest with our business. Further, our Promoter, certain of our Directors are interested in the performance of our Company to the extent of Equity Shares held by them, or interests arising from the loans provided by them to our Company or to the extent of compensation received from the rent of the properties held by them._** 

Our Promoter, Mr. Anoop Bector may become involved in ventures that may potentially compete with our Company. The interests of our Promoter may conflict with the interests of our other Shareholders and our Promoter may, for business considerations or otherwise, cause our Company to take actions, or refrain from taking actions, in order to benefit himself instead of our Company’s interests or the interests of its other Shareholders and which may be harmful to our Company’s interests or the interests of our other Shareholders, which may materially adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. For instance, our Promoter, owns 1.12% of the shareholding in CAFL, one of our Group Companies engaged in the business of selling biscuits, bakery products, confectionary products, chocolates and breakfast product and 99.76% shareholding in MBCDPL, one of our Group Companies engaged in the business of manufacture and sale of milk, milk powder, milk products, processed milk, ice cream, butter, ghee and other dairy products. We cannot assure that the interests of CAFL and MBCDPL will align with our business interests. For further details, see “ **_Group Companies_** ” on page 211. 

Our Promoter and Managing Director, Mr. Anoop Bector and our whole-time director Mr. Ishaan Bector are interested in our Company to the extent of Equity Shares being held by them, and to the extent of the remuneration paid to them as the whole-time directors of our Company, as applicable. Mr. Anoop Bector is interested to the extent of compensation received from renting of properties held by him to the Company. Ms. Rajni Bector is interested to the extent of consultancy fees received from the Company. 

Further, Mr. Anoop Bector, Mr. Ishaan Bector and Ms. Rajni Bector were also interested to the extent of interest arising out of the unsecured loans provided by them individually to our Company which were receivable until September 30, 2020. For further details, see “ **_Our Management_** ” and “ **_Promoter and Promoter Group_** ” on pages 189 and 207. 

18. **_Our inability to manage our inventory and foresee accurate demand for our products for a future period may adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operation and our financial performance._** 

The estimations on demands of our products are typically based on our projections, inventory levels at our distribution networks, our understanding of the anticipation of consumption and spending by our consumers. In relation to delivery of our breads, burger buns and other bakery products to our QSR customers, we rely on orders placed by our QSR customers on a daily basis. If we overestimate demand for our products, we may face difficulty on storage of such products due to lower shelf life and complications with respect to storage of perishable products. Further, if we are unable to provide our products to our consumers due to any disruptions of our manufacturing facilities or shortage of raw materials, we may incur the risk of losing certain of our valuable consumers. While we closely monitor our inventory requirements for our biscuits and bakery products in a weekly basis, we may be exposed to various risks including the aforementioned risks. While we have faced certain interruptions due to COVID19, in order to avoid near term loss of customers, we have ensured inventory for a period 15-20 days, to ensure that the supply of our raw materials are not impacted. All of these factors could adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operation and our financial performance. 

19. **_We have in the past and may in the future be exposed to losses from exporting biscuits to certain countries which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

31 

We exported our biscuits to our customers in 64 countries across six continents in the world during the Financial Year ended March 31, 2020. However, due to political and financial instability in certain African countries in Financial Year 2019, our invoices remained unpaid or payment was delayed significantly and we had to stop exporting or substantially reduce our exports to these African countries. This was caused by political unrest, worsening socio-economic conditions and foreign currency shortage in these countries. Further, we may in the future, exit from these countries altogether. Therefore, our result of operations for the Financial Year 2019 was adversely affected and our revenue from sale of our biscuits decreased in Financial Year 2019 primarily due to our reduction in export of biscuits. While since then we have consciously reduced our exposure to such export markets and have focused to increase our exports to more developed and politically and economically more stable countries, we cannot assure you that political and economic instability will not arise in any of the countries we export to in future and such development will not adversely affect our business prospects and results of operations. 

In the Financial Years 2020, 2019 and 2018, the period between April 1, 2020 to September 30, 2020 and the period between April 1, 2019 to September 30, 2019, our price realisation per kilogram from sales of our Biscuits (Exports) was ₹ 94.29, ₹ 87.33, ₹ 81.04, ₹ 101.63 and ₹ 95.31 respectively. During this period, we have started focusing on generating higher margins shifting away from volume driven sales. While we have moved our focus to developed and certain emerging markets such as Asia, Australasia, Europe, MENA region and North America and reduced our business in certain African countries, we cannot assure you that we will not face similar issues in the current Financial Year or in the future, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

20. **_Certain properties occupied by us are not owned by us and we have only leasehold rights. In the event we lose or are unable to renew such leasehold rights, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

We own the land upon which our registered office is located, as well as certain land at Phillaur, (Punjab), Ludhiana (Punjab), Rajpura (Punjab) and Raigad (Maharashtra). 

We have also obtained leasehold rights over property at Greater Noida (Uttar Pradesh) and Tahliwal (Himachal Pradesh). With respect to property at Greater Noida (Uttar Pradesh), we have entered into a lease deed for a period of 90 years commencing from December 30, 1999 with Greater Noida Industrial Development Authority for a one-time consideration. With respect to property at Tahliwal (Himachal Pradesh), we have entered into a lease deed with the Governor of Himachal Pradesh for a period of 95 years commencing from February 6, 2010 for a one-time consideration. With respect to property at Bengaluru (Karnataka), we have entered into a lease deed with an individual party for a period of seven years commencing from December 1, 2016, for consideration to be paid on a monthly basis. With respect to property at Dhar (Madhya Pradesh), we have entered into a lease deed for a period of 99 years commencing from December 2, 2018, with the Governor of Madhya Pradesh for a one time consideration, an annual lease rent, development charges and annual maintenance charges. 

We cannot assure that the local stamp authorities will not claim additional payment on stamp duty on our lease deeds for our corporate office and facility premises. For instance, CAFL is involved in a dispute with revenue authorities of the state of Uttar Pradesh with respect to stamp duty payable in respect of our lease with the Greater Noida Industrial Development Authority. While the property in relation to which the stamp duty has been levied, has been transferred from CAFL to our Company, however, the petition has been continued in the name of the Petitioner. For details see “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Outstanding litigations by our Company_** ”. An instrument deemed to be not duly stamped, or insufficiently stamped, shall not be admissible as evidence in any Indian court or may attract a penalty as prescribed under applicable law, which may have an adverse effect on the continuance of our operations. 

21. **_We are subject to labour laws and other industry standards and our operations could be adversely affected by strikes, work stoppages or increase in wage demands._** 

Our biscuit and bakery products manufacturing activities are labour intensive and require our management to undertake significant labour interface and expose us to the risk of industrial action. We are subject to a number of labour laws that protect the interests of workers, including legislation that sets forth detailed procedures for dispute resolution, removal of employees and legislation that imposes financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment. In the past, we have been subject to certain strikes, lockouts and work stoppage at our facility located at Tahliwal (Himachal Pradesh) and it lasted for a few hours and since then 

32 

there have been no other incidents of strikes and lockouts. Subsequently, we have constituted a special committee comprising members from both the management and workers to ensure representation and prevent any unrest or the subsequent strikes and lockouts. We cannot assure that we will not experience any disruptions to our operations due to disputes or other problems with our work force such as strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands in the future, which may adversely affect our business. 

Further, any disputes between our contractors and their employees, or our contractors’ failure to satisfy regulatory obligations towards their workers, where we are registered as the principal employer, may also result in disruptions in our operations, or in increased compliance costs for us, which may also adversely affect our ability to complete a undertake our manufacturing activities in a timely manner. 

# 22. **_Tax incentives and tax credits currently available to us could be modified or repealed in the future, which could adversely affect our business and prospects._** 

The tax related laws that are applicable to us include the Income Tax Act, 1961 (the “ **Income Tax Act** ”), the Customs Act, 1962 and various rules and notifications issued by taxation authorities. With effect from July 1, 2017, Goods and Services Tax Laws (including Central Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017, Integrated Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017, States Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017 and Union Territory Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017) and certain tax incentives under these statutes are applicable to our Company. 

We cannot assure that any tax incentives availed of by our Company currently or historically will continue in the future or that such tax credits shall continue to be available to us in the future, to the same extent, or at all, or that any such deductions, if claimed by us, will necessarily be upheld and not challenged or denied by the relevant tax authorities. 

# 23. **_We may not be able to successfully grow our premium biscuits and bakery segments, which may result in an adverse impact on our business prospects and results of operations._** 

As part of our growth strategy, we seek to expand into premium products with higher margins. Factors such as competition, ability of our customers to buy our premium products may impact our ability to grow our market share for premium products. Our current strategy is to gain market share by introducing premium products with higher margins, however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to successfully implement our strategy. 

Further, the process of launching premium products requires that we make long-term investments and commit significant resources before knowing whether these investments will eventually result in businesses that achieve customer acceptance and generate the revenues required to provide desired returns. Since, we are targeting direct sales to the end consumer with our products, we will be required to undertake significant expenses for marketing our products and brand building. We may experience difficulties that could delay or hinder the successful development, introduction and marketing of our premium products in biscuits and bakery segment. We can give no assurance that we will be able to achieve the business performance, growth and profitability which we expect from our relatively new product categories and sub- categories. Further, our premium products may not generate sufficient demands in the market, which may result in an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# 24. **_We may be affected due to seasonality in sale of our products in the future._** 

Typically, there is an increase in sale of our products during the festive seasons in India which is the third quarter of a Financial Year. The sale of our biscuits and bakery products during this season is usually for the purpose of gifting of these products by our consumers. While we aim to introduce new products and attractive packaging which appeal our consumer base during festive seasons, we cannot assure that it will lead to growth in our sales and revenues in the future which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 

# 25. **_Our business and prospects may be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain and grow our brand image._** 

We are one of the leading companies in the premium and mid-premium biscuits segment and premium breads and other bakery products segment in North India, according to Technopak Report, with products 

33 

sold under our well-recognised brands, ‘ _Mrs. Bector’s Cremica’_ and ‘ _English Oven_ ’, which are targeted to a diverse group of consumers across various regions. We have a considerable presence in the export market with respect to sale of our biscuits where we manufacture and market our biscuits under the brand ‘ _Mrs. Bector’s Cremica_ ’ as well as third party labels to 64 countries across six continents during the Financial Year ended March 31, 2020. We believe that as our brands are established in the aforementioned markets, and therefore, they serve better in attracting consumers to our biscuits and bakery products over those of our competitors. 

Maintaining and enhancing the recognition and reputation of our brands is critical to our business and competitiveness. Many factors, some of which are beyond our control, are important to maintain and enhance our brands, including maintaining or improving consumer satisfaction and the popularity of our products and increasing brand awareness through various brand building initiatives such as advertising mediums, including television, cinemas, newspapers. In particular, when we launch new products and if any of those products do not meet standards for quality and taste or consumers’ subjective expectations or preference, our brand reputation and the sales of our biscuits and bakery products may be impacted. If we fail to maintain our reputation, enhance our brand recognition or increase positive awareness of our products, our business may be adversely affected. 

We constantly seek to develop our product base in terms of quality of our products through our dedicated research and development team which enables us to introduce new products based on our consumer demands and preferences. While we seek to identify such trends in the industry and introduce new products, we cannot assure that our products would gain consumer acceptance or we will be able to successfully compete in these new product segments. 

The aforesaid factors may adversely affect our business, prospects and brand image. 

# 26. **_Any contamination or deterioration of our products could result in legal liability, damage our reputation and adversely affect our business prospects and consequently our financial performance._** 

We are subject to various contamination related risks which typically affect the biscuits and bakery industry, including risks posed by the following: 

- product tampering; 

- low shelf life of certain of our products; 

- ineffective storage of finished goods as well as raw materials; 

- product labelling errors; 

- non-maintenance of high food safety standards; 

- contamination of our products during processing; and 

- wastage of certain products during transportation. 

The risk of contamination or deterioration of our products exists at each stage of the life-cycle of our products such as sourcing of raw materials, production and delivery of the final products. Sourcing, storage and delivery of the raw materials poses significant risk in relation to contamination and deterioration in quality. Packaging, storage and delivery of our products to our consumers and the storage and shelving of our products by our super stockists, distributors and retailers until final consumption by consumers are also subject to such contamination and deterioration risks. While we follow stringent quality control processes and quality standards at each stage of the production cycle such as conducting sampling tests to ensure that the colour, odour, taste, appearance and nutrients of the raw materials, comply with our requirements or regulatory requirements or standards set by our consumers in the export markets, maintain our facilities and machinery, and conduct our manufacturing operations in compliance with applicable food safety standards, laws and regulations and our own internal policies, and though we have, in the past, not materially suffered due to any of the aforementioned, we cannot assure that our products will not be contaminated or suffer deterioration in the future. 

Our manufacturing facilities for certain product categories are located in close proximity to the delivery locations. However, the finished products are primarily transferred on a ‘free on board – destination’ basis to distributors and super stockists. We cannot assure that contamination and deterioration of our products or raw materials will not occur during the transportation, and distribution due to ineffective storage facilities or any other reasons including factors unknown to us or beyond our control. If our products or raw materials are found to be amongst others, spoilt, contaminated, adulterated, tampered with, incorrectly 

34 

labelled or reported to be associated with any such incidents, we may be forced to recall our products from the market and we could incur criminal or civil liability for any adverse medical condition or other damage resulting from consumption of such products by consumers which we may not be able to fully recover from our suppliers or insurance coverages. We may be also be subject to liabilities arising out of such violations under the provisions of the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006 (“ **FSS Act** ”) along with relevant rules and regulations. Though, we have not been subject to such incidents in the past, however, we may be subject to such an event in the future, which may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and financial condition. 

# 27. **_Concerns over nutritional values of our products may reduce demand for our products or increase the cost of our products._** 

Health groups and consumers are increasingly linking consumption of certain food products including certain categories of biscuits and bakery products with obesity, diabetes, tooth decay, cardiovascular disease, high cholesterol and hypertension, particularly child obesity, high cholesterol and hypertension in adults. We consider this to be a serious business concern. Children, being a more impressionable set of consumers, are inclined to develop a certain preference for consumption of such biscuits and bakery products and thus, are comparatively more exposed to the aforementioned health risks. Categorisation of our products as ‘unhealthy’ may adversely affect our sales. Changes in the marketing and advertising regulatory environment for these unhealthy products may affect our turnover. Further, compulsory nutrition labelling and criteria specified for nutritional and health claims and advertisements as required under Food Safety and Standards (Advertising and Claims) Regulations, 2018, the pressure for simplifying the current system of nutrition labelling, and the need to review or develop policies on marketing and advertising with reference to children may reduce demand for our products or increase the cost of our products. 

# 28. **_Inadequate or interrupted supply, seasonality, price fluctuation and adulteration of our raw materials could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The quality of our products is highly dependent on our ability to source quality raw materials. Our primary raw materials for production of biscuits and bakery products are wheat flour, sugar, and oil and fats. The cost of our materials including packing material consumed constituted 53.46%, 54.11%, 55.64%, 52.16% and 53.09% of our revenue from operations for the Financial Year 2020, 2019, 2018, the period between April 1, 2020 to September 30, 2020 and the period between April 1, 2019 to September 30, 2019 respectively. The unavailability of these raw materials can be caused by external conditions, such as commodity price fluctuations within India and globally, weather conditions, pandemic, seasonality of the raw materials, inflation, governmental regulations and policies and price volatility which are beyond our control. Given the nature of these raw materials, the raw materials are also subject to adulteration despite our quality control measures in procurement and storage. We cannot assure you that we will be able to source our raw materials in adequate quantity and quality or at all, or at a reasonable price in the future. 

Further, we issue purchase orders for purchase of our raw materials based on our anticipated requirements. We do not have any long terms contracts with fixed inventory requirements and consideration in this regard. Absence of such long term contracts exposes us to the price volatility of raw materials. In case of unexpected increase in the prices of any of the raw materials, the increase in the selling price of the finished products may not be in proportion to the increase in raw material price, which may adversely affect our sales, cash flow and our overall profitability. If a significant number of our suppliers for any particular raw material are unable or unwilling to meet our requirements or our estimates fall short of the demand, we could suffer shortages or cost increases. 

# 29. **_Our inability to comply with food safety laws, environmental laws and other applicable regulations in relation to our manufacturing facilities may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our operations are subject to a broad range of health, safety and environmental laws and regulations, which affect our day-to-day operations, and violations of these laws and regulations can result in fines or penalties, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For instance, the provisions of the FSS Act along with relevant rules and regulations are applicable to us and our products, which sets forth requirements relating to the license and registration of food businesses and general principles for food safety standards, and manufacture, storage and distribution of food products. 

35 

Contravention of the requirement to obtain a license or carrying a business without obtaining a license under the FSS Act is punishable with imprisonment for a period of up to six months and fines. Subsequent contraventions are punishable with twice the punishment during the first conviction and higher monetary and other penalties including cancellation of license. To remain compliant with all laws and regulations that apply to our operations and products, we may be required in the future to modify our operations or make capital improvements. For details, see “ **_Key Regulations and Policies in India_** ” on page 176. 

We are also subject to laws and Government regulations, including in relation to safety, health and environmental protection. These laws and regulations include the Environmental Protection Act 1986, the Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act 1981 (the “ **Air Act** ”), the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 (the “ **Water Act** ”) and other regulations promulgated by the Ministry of Environment and the pollution control boards of the relevant states. These environmental protection laws and regulations impose controls on air and water discharge, noise levels, storage handling, employee exposure to hazardous substances and other such aspects of our manufacturing. Though, in the past, we have not been subject to any such violations, in the future, if we fail to meet environmental requirements, we may be subject to administrative, civil and criminal proceedings by Government entities, as well as civil proceedings by environmental groups and other individuals, which could result in substantial fines and penalties against us as well as revocation of approvals and permits and orders that could limit or halt our operations. 

Additionally, we export our products to various overseas markets including Australasia, East and South Africa, Europe, MENA region, and North America. In the overseas market, maintaining certain standards are customarily expected and compliance with food safety laws of relevant jurisdictions is required and our inability to maintain such standards and non-compliance of jurisdictional food safety laws may impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. For details, see “ **_Our Business – Quality Control_** ” and “ **_Government and Other Approvals_** ” on pages 169 and 352, respectively. 

We cannot assure that such non-compliance will not occur and regulatory actions including injunction orders will not be passed against us. Though we have not been involved in any such litigation or proceeding in the past, we may become involved in any such litigation or proceedings relating to food safety or environmental matters in the future, which could divert management time and attention, and consume financial resources in such legal proceedings or cause operational delays or result in a shutdown of our manufacturing facilities. We cannot assure that we will be successful in all, or any, of such proceedings. Further, the loss or shutdown of our operations over an extended period of time, clean-up and remediation costs, as well as damages, other liabilities and related litigation, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

30. **_If we are unable to successfully expand our business operations through our manufacturing facilities, increased capacity utilisation and supply our products to various regions of India, our business, financial condition and results of operation may be adversely affected._** 

We manufacture and sell a range of biscuits and bakery products primarily catering to retail consumers around the North India and certain institutional customers on a pan-India basis. Our biscuits are currently manufactured in our manufacturing facilities located in Phillaur, Rajpura (Punjab) and Tahliwal (Himachal Pradesh), for details, see “ **_Our Business – Our Manufacturing Facilities_** ” on page 167. Given that these biscuit manufacturing facilities are all located in North India, we are currently restricted to selling our biscuits in 11 states around North India. Our domestic revenue from biscuits accounted for 37.20%, 34.41%, 35.51%, 43.75% and 39.14%, of our total revenue in the Financial Year 2020, 2019, 2018, for the period between April 1, 2020 to September 30, 2020 and the period between April 1, 2019 to September 30, 2019 respectively. Significant high transportation costs associated with distribution of such products to farther destinations preclude us from a pan-India business network for our biscuit products. 

We manufacture our bakery products in savoury and sweet categories such as breads, buns, pizza bases, frozen doughs and pizzas, cakes, cookies and cupcakes in our manufacturing facilities located in Greater Noida (Uttar Pradesh), Khopoli (Maharashtra) and Bengaluru (Karnataka). As these bakery products are inherently perishable in nature, having a shelf life of around three to four days, we may not be able to transport these products over longer distances. 

We have recently started manufacturing sub breads, pizzas, garlic breads, cheese garlic bun fills, frozen cookies with the aim of supplying these products to our institutional customers such as cloud kitchens, multiplex, hotels, restaurants and cafés. We also seek to increase the capacities of our manufacturing 

36 

facilities by installing new, automated and product specific equipment such as installation of a cookies manufacturing line sourced from Denmark. We are looking to expand our premium biscuits production in Rajpura Manufacturing Facility by procuring automated equipment from Italy. Further, we have also commissioned a sheeting line capable of producing ‘Focaccia Breads’, ‘Panini Breads’, ‘Ciabatta Breads’, at out Greater Noida Manufacturing Facility. We have also added large blast freezing, individual quick freezing and holding freezers and are increasing our capacity by installing an automated bread and bun manufacturing line from Germany and United States of America respectively, at our Greater Noida Manufacturing Facility. We also intend to expand our distribution network to deepen our penetration in existing markets and to expand our presence in under-penetrated markets. 

However, we cannot assure that we will be successful in expanding our business operations through these new manufacturing facilities and increased capacity utilisation. We may not also be able to find suitable distributors for expanding our distribution network in various regions to sell our products in the future as well. Further, we will be unable to implement our growth strategy, unless we expand our business operations and grow our distribution network. Therefore, if we are not able to expand our business network to various other regions beyond North India, it may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# 31. **_Our working capital requirements would not be met if we experience insufficient cash flows which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

The working capital requirement for our business is met through a combination of internal accruals, short term borrowings. In many cases, working capital is required to finance the procurement of raw materials, labour and the upkeep of our manufacturing facilities before payments are received from consumers. Our working capital requirements in the Financial Years 2020, 2019, and 2018, for the period between April 1, 2020 to September 30, 2020 and the period between April 1, 2019 to September 30, 2019, were ₹ 713.69 million, ₹ 867.89 million, ₹ 657.63 million, ₹ 657.31 million and ₹ 863.89 million, respectively and our holding days for working capital for Financial Years 2020, 2019, and 2018 were 33 days, 35 days and 33 days, respectively. We may be subject to various working capital risks due to delays or defaults in payment by consumers, bad debts, etc. which may restrict our ability to procure raw materials and make payments when due. In the Financial Years 2020, 2019, and 2018, for the period between April 1, 2020 to September 30, 2020 and the period between April 1, 2019 to September 30, 2019, we have incurred 0.93%, 0.47%, 0.07%, 1.41% and 1.77%, respectively, of our revenue on defaults in payment by consumers. Further, in the Financial Years 2020, 2019, and 2018, for the period between April 1, 2020 to September 30, 2020 and the period between April 1, 2019 to September 30, 2019, we have incurred 0.27%, 0.04%, 0.05%, Nil and Nil of our revenue in bad debts, respectively. 

We extend credit terms to certain of our first time domestic as well as export distributors and customers and those distributors and customers pay us a specified percentage of the price of our products as an advance at the time of placing the order and the remaining amount is payable in subsequent intervals. Inability of these distributors and customers to meet our payment schedules or any delay or non-receipt of payment from such distributors and customers, which may result in loss and an increase in our working capital cycle and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Due to various factors, including certain extraneous factors such as changes in interest rates, other costs or borrowing and lending restrictions, if any, we may not be able to finance our working capital needs, or secure other financing when needed, on acceptable commercial terms, or at all, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# 32. **_The loss of certain independent certification and accreditation of our products and the manufacturing practices that we have adopted could impact our business._** 

We rely on independent certification of our products and must comply with the requirements of independent organisations or certification authorities including a certification from the US Food and Drug Administration under the Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, the British Retail Consortium (BRC) certifying global standard for food safety for manufacturing of sweet and semi-sweet cookies, crackers and biscuits, ‘Halal Registration’ from Jamiat Ulama-I-Hind Halal Trust for manufacturing our biscuits and our Company also received Food Safety System Certification 22000 from UK AS Management Systems for manufacturing (pre-mixing, mixing, moulding, baking, cooling, sandwiching) of biscuits and cookies, manufacturing of fresh and frozen (bread, pizza base and bun) and processing of 

37 

vaccum packed fresh raw vegetable for market and institutional and an audit under Sedex Members Ethical Trade Audit (SMETA) for various labour standards, health and safety, environment and business ethics for our Phillaur Manufacturing Facility. We could lose the certifications and accreditations for certain of our products, if we are not able to adhere to the quality standards and specifications required under such certifications and accreditations. The loss of any independent certification and manufacturing practices, may lead to loss of significant customers for our products which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# 33. **_Our revenue significantly depends on the sale of our biscuits and any decline in the sale of our biscuits in the market would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation._** 

In the Financial Year 2020, Financial Year 2019 and Financial Year 2018 for the period between April 1, 2020 to September 30, 2020 and the period between April 1, 2019 to September 30, 2019, our revenue from sale of biscuits in India and globally excluding contract manufacturing, contributed towards 59.20%, 65.91%, 68.67%, 68.26% and 60.00%, of our revenues from operations, respectively. We will depend on the sale of our biscuits for a majority of our income in the near future. Therefore, factors such as change in consumer preference for biscuits and the increasing sales of other substitute products in the market may have an adverse impact on our total income. We cannot assure that we will be able to maintain the sale of our biscuits in the future which will have a positive impact on our total income. In addition to our Phillaur Manufacturing Facility, Rajpura Manufacturing Facility and Tahliwal Manufacturing Facility are dedicated for manufacturing of our biscuits. If the consumer preference for our biscuits decline or sale of other substitute products increase in the future or sale of our biscuits fall due to any reason, we may experience significant loss including cost involved for establishing and maintaining these manufacturing facilities which in turn will lead to lower revenues and gross and operating margins resulting in to material adverse effect on our business financial condition and results of operation. 

# 34. **_Our inability to expand or effectively manage our growing super stockist and distribution network or any disruptions in our supply or distribution infrastructure may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations_** . 

We rely largely on third party distributors and super stockists to sell our products to retailers who place our products in the market. For the period between April 1, 2020 to September 30, 2020, our distribution network for our biscuit products included over 748 distributors and 196 super stockists supplying to wide range of customers through 458,000 retail outlets ( _Source: Technopak Report_ ). Our ability to expand and grow our product reach significantly depends on our ability to influence the market that we cater to and effective management of our distribution network. We continuously seek to increase the penetration of our products by appointing new super stockists to ensure wide distribution network targeted at different consumer groups and regions. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully identify or appoint new super stockists or effectively manage our existing distribution network. We may not be able to compete successfully against larger and better-funded distribution networks of some of our current or future competitors, especially if these competitors provide their distributors and super stockists with more favourable arrangements. If the terms offered to such super stockists by our competitors are more favourable than those offered by us, super stockists may decline to distribute our products and terminate their arrangements with us. 

We cannot assure you that we will not lose any of our super stockists or distributors to our competitors, which could cause us to lose some or all of our favourable arrangements with such super stockists and distributors and may result in the termination of our relationships with other super stockists and distributors. 

Further, if our super stockists are not able to maintain a strong network of distributors, our products may not attain as much reach as our competitors’ in the market and we may lose our market share. We may not also be able to find suitable super stockists to expand our distribution network in various regions to sell our products in the future as well We may be unable to engage alternative super stockists or our super stockists may be unable to engage alternative distributors in a timely fashion, or at all, which may lead to decline in the sales of our products and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

38 

35. **_We largely rely on third-party transportation providers for both procurement of our raw material and distribution of our products. Any failure by any of our transportation providers to deliver our raw material or our products on time, or in good condition, or at all, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We depend on various forms of transport to either receive raw materials required for our products or to deliver finished products to our consumers. However, we typically use third-party transportation providers for all of our product distribution and raw materials procurement with respect to our biscuits. This makes us highly dependent on various intermediaries such as international and domestic transportation companies, container freight station operators and shipping lines. Further, we undertake our export activities from the Mundra Port, (Gujarat), and Nhavasheva Port (Maharashtra) to which our products are transferred through railways from Ludhiana (Punjab) or directly from our facilities to the respective ports and thereafter exported. Therefore, we heavily depend on the functioning of these ports, the railway network and road infrastructure from Ludhiana (Punjab). 

Factors like disruption of transportation services due to weather-related problems, strikes, accidents, or as a result of COVID-19 lockdown etc., inadequacies in the transportation infrastructure, or any such other reasons could impair the ability of our suppliers to deliver raw materials to us and our ability to deliver our processed products to our consumers in a timely manner. Our raw materials and finished products may be lost, damaged or subject to spoilage and contamination due to improper handling, negligence, transport strike or accidents or any other _force majeure_ events which may not be within our control. According to the Technopak Report, we may be subject to various risks in relation to packaged food products due to lack of modern retail infrastructure. We cannot assure you that we will not experience disruptions in our operations or have an adverse impact on the quality of our biscuits and bakery products and delay in supplying our products due to any such reasons in the future. We currently transport our burger buns to various QSRs on a pan-India basis either through our own transportation services or third party transportation service providers associated with such QSRs. These products are temperature sensitive and therefore should be transferred through specific vehicles such as reefer vans. Though we maintain high standards for transportation of these burger buns, however, we cannot assure that these products will not be spoilt during transit due exposure to moisture, sunlight, etc. As a result, in the event there is any disruption in the supply or any adverse impact on the quality of our raw material and final products, performance of our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

We also use our own transportation services for the purpose of transporting our breads and other bakery products to our consumers. The transportation of our bakery products is critical for us as they have to be transported in particular vehicles which should be thermal proof so that the bakery products maintain a set temperature. The bakery products should be transported at a particular time to avoid any damage to the products due to weather conditions. Therefore, we may not at all times, be able to successfully transfer these products without any damages and any delay or disruptions in supplying these products may cause adverse effect on our financial conditions and results of operation. 

Additionally, if we lose one or more of our third-party transportation providers, we may not be able to obtain terms as favourable as those we currently receive from the third-party transportation providers, as we do not enter into any contractual terms with them, which in turn would increase our costs and thereby adversely affect our operating results. Further, our third-party transportation providers may not carry adequate insurance coverage and therefore, any losses that may arise during the transportation process may have to be claimed under our transit insurance policy, or marine insurance policy. We cannot assure that we will receive compensation for any such claims in full amount in a timely manner or at all, and consequently, any such loss may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

36. **_If we are unable to effectively implement our business and growth strategies regarding expansion of our product portfolio, our growth, business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

Our future success will depend on our ability to effectively implement our business and growth strategies, including our strategy to further expand our product reach in India and globally, and also expand our product portfolio within the existing product segments, focus on increasing sales realisation and volumes, and strive to provide differentiated offerings to our consumers. We also aim to expand our premium and 

39 

mid-premium biscuits product portfolio and premium bakery products portfolio for our retail as well as institutional customers by offering niche biscuit and bakery products such health range of biscuits, premium rich cookies, premium flaky crackers, soda crackers, croissants, pizza puffs, foot long breads, various kinds of desserts, and frozen products which will help us realise higher margins. 

We also intend to further expand our procurement volumes to increase cost efficiencies and improve quality of raw materials procured. Our strategy is to diversify into products with domestic and international demand potential and higher margins. These will involve a significant increase in our expenditure, as we focus on penetrating the Indian and overseas markets. 

As we expand our product portfolio, we may encounter regulatory, personnel, technological, logistics and other difficulties that may increase our expenses, delay commencement of commercial production or expansion of our distribution network, or require us to comply with applicable regulatory requirements. We may also find it difficult to find consumers willing to pay for our new products in the premium price range. However, we cannot guarantee that we will find adequate consumers as well as suitable distribution network required for supplying our frozen products to various hotel chains, QSRs, cafés and reputed restaurants on a pan-India basis. Further, our expansion into new product lines may adversely affect our risk profile due to market competition and rapidly changing market and industry conditions and, may continue to do so for the duration of the pandemic, including as a result of its impact on our ability to engage with distributors, and our and their ability to engage with customers. For further details, see “ **_Risk Factors — The continuing effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted._** ” beginning on page 22. 

We cannot assure that we will be able to implement our business strategies in a timely manner or at all or that we will meet the expectations of our consumers and other stakeholders. Our business and growth strategies in relation to expansion of our product portfolio will place significant demands on our senior management and other resources and will require us to develop and improve operational, financial and other internal controls. Further, implementation of these growth strategies may require us to incur additional indebtedness. We cannot assure that we will be able to implement our proposed expansion in product portfolio, and such failure may materially impact our ability to grow our business and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot assure that in the future we will not discontinue production of any of our current products, whether for commercial reasons or otherwise, and this could materially impact our ability to expand our product portfolio or continue to offer a diverse range of products, which too could have an adverse effect on our growth, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# 37. **_Our failure to protect confidential information like our product recipes, pricing or launch information could adversely affect our competitive position._** 

We intend to keep the recipes of our products confidential. We also keep information in relation to our proposed pricing of any new product, any proposed variation in price or launch of any new product confidential. Any failure to protect such confidential information due to leakage of information may impact our competitive position in the biscuits and bakery products market. The appointment letters issued to our employees who use our recipes to manufacture our biscuits and bakery products, require that all information made known to them be kept strictly confidential. Although we attempt to protect our trade secrets, the appointment letters may not effectively prevent disclosure of our proprietary information and may not provide any adequate remedy in the event of unauthorised disclosure of such information to our competitors. Consequently, such events may adversely affect our competitive position. 

38. **_The emergence of modern trade channels in the form of supermarkets and high end retail outlets may adversely affect our ability to negotiate our distribution agreements, which may have an adverse effect on our results of operation and financial condition._** 

We sell our products through the general trade as well as the modern trade channels. The modern trade channels for our products include supermarkets in 11 states across India. These modern trade channels have been established in recent years which in turn has resulted in penetration of large scale organised retail network in India. While we believe that this provides us an opportunity to improve our supply chain efficiencies and increase visibility and sale of our products, it has increased the negotiations on our position as well the position of our products in such stores. We cannot assure you that we will be able to negotiate our position on terms that are favourable to us or that we would be able to expand our distribution network 

40 

to such supermarkets on a pan India basis. Any inability to negotiate terms favourable to us and expand our base in various regions of India by product sales at these supermarkets, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

39. **_We may be unable to grow our business in semi urban and rural markets, which may adversely affect our business prospects and results of operation._** 

One of our future strategies is to expand our product reach to semi urban and urban markets in India. Pursuant to the Technopak Report, companies in the branded segment are increasing their focus on tier II and tier III cities, given the improving infrastructure of retail and distribution and customers’ changing buying pattern. While we have a wide spread and established distribution network to cater to our retail and institution consumers with 14 operational depots, presence in over 458,000 retail outlets ( _Source: Technopak Report_ ) and over 748 distributors and 196 super stockists for the period between April 1, 2020 to September 30, 2020, we may not be able to grow our business in semi urban and rural markets in India in a profitable manner or at all. Poor infrastructure, logistical challenges and low purchasing power of the segment of the population in these markets may prevent us from expanding our presence in these markets. We may not be able to anticipate the general disposal income levels of consumers in these segments and hence may not be able to price our products accordingly and fail to grow our businesses effectively in these markets. This may adversely affect our business prospects and results of operation. 

40. **_A significant portion of our revenue is dependent on our exports to our international consumers. Any failure to fulfil the requirements of our international consumers may adversely affect our revenues, result of operations and financial condition._** 

We are a leading exporter of biscuits from India, according to Technopak Report. During the Financial Year 2020, we exported biscuits under our brand as well as under third party private labels to 64 countries across six continents. We export biscuits to overseas geographies including Australasia, East and South Africa, Europe, MENA region, and North America. Our export revenues accounts for 22%, 31.50%, 33.17%, 24.51% and 20.87% of our revenue from operations in the Financial Year 2020, 2019, 2018, for the period between April 1, 2020 to September 30, 2020 and the period between April 1, 2019 to September 30, 2019 respectively. As a result, our operations are impacted by various risks inherent in international sales and operations, including: 

- currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

- regional economic or political uncertainty; 

- currency exchange controls; 

- differing domestic and foreign customs, tariffs and taxes; 

- current and changing regulatory environments; 

- coordinating and interacting with local representatives and counterparties to fully understand local business and regulatory requirements; 

- governmental bans or restrictions; 

- maintaining high food safety standard and liabilities arising out of compliance requirements under food safety standards under various geographies; 

- risks related to the enforceability of legal agreements and judgments in foreign countries; 

- availability of government subsidies or other incentives, that benefit competitors in their local markets that are not available to us; 

- competition from local players; 

- withdrawal of services by shipping lines to specific countries; and 

- loss or damage of goods in transit. 

As part of the terms and conditions of certain of our purchase orders, we are subject to conform to standards prescribed by the United States Food and Drug Administration, the United States Department of Agriculture or any other agency with competent jurisdiction. Additionally, in the event we do not comply with specifications prescribed by our consumers, outstanding payments applicable to us may be withheld. If any disputes arising out of any non-compliances under these purchase orders, we may be subject to jurisdictions other than India. We cannot assure that such proceedings, if initiated, will not be determined against us and it may become unfeasible for our Company to manage such litigation or obtain enforcement of awards made in such suits. Decisions in any such proceedings may be adverse to our interests and our failure to successfully defend such claims may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial 

41 

condition and results of operations. We may also incur significant litigation costs as a result of pursuing any such dispute resolution mechanisms outside India. 

As part of our overseas expansion strategy, we seek to increase our presence in our existing export markets as well as expand our geographical footprint in order to access a more diversified consumer base across various geographies. We plan to explore and increase our penetration in select export markets, such as Africa, Middle East and south-east Asia. We are also in the process of setting-up a new office in Dubai and we participate in trade fairs in these export markets extensively to strengthen our presence in these markets. 

While we expect that we will continue to expand into our existing as well as new export markets, we cannot assure that our expansion plans will be realised in a successful manner. To the extent that we are unable to effectively manage our global markets and risks such as the above and in particular, if we implement our strategy to enter into new markets where we do not have local knowledge and resources, we may be unable to grow or maintain our sales and profitability which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# 41. **_Our inability to adopt new technologies to adhere to our quality product standards could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We focus on our product innovation capabilities through a dedicated research and development team which has enabled us to develop and market new products aligning to evolving consumer preferences. Our innovation and product development is supported by our experienced in-house research and development team that works on our new product development processes through innovations, trials, regulatory approvals and driving market acceptance and cost alignments along with our marketing and supply chain management teams. However, we cannot assure you that in the future, we will be able to successfully make timely and cost effective enhancements and additions to our current research and development team and technological infrastructures. Our industry is subject to significant technological changes with constant introduction of new and enhanced processes, machineries and technologies. In the future, our failure to successfully adapt and implement such technological changes, may increase our costs, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

42. **_We are required to obtain licenses and approvals under several legislations including the FSS Act and the relevant rules and regulations, the Factories Act and the S&E Acts under various states. Our inability to obtain or renew such permits, approvals and licenses in the ordinary course of our business may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We are required to obtain and renew various licenses and approvals under several legislations from time to time including the FSS Act and the relevant rules and regulations, the Factories Act and the S&E Acts under various states. These approvals, licenses, registrations and permits are subject to several conditions and are primarily valid for a specific period. For example, licenses granted the FSS Act for our manufacturing facilities and depots are typically granted for a period of five years and we are required to renew such licenses after such period. However, in some cases, these licenses could have been granted for shorter period as well. These licenses contain certain terms and conditions which are required to be complied with throughout the period of the license. 

We cannot assure you that we shall be able to obtain or renew such licenses or be able to continuously meet such conditions specified in such licenses or be able to prove compliance with such conditions to statutory authorities, which may lead to cancellation, revocation or suspension of relevant consents/permits/licenses/approvals. For details of the licenses and approvals for which applications for renewal have already been made, see “ **_Government and Other Approvals_** ” on page 352. 

With respect to our proposed expansion of the facility at Rajpura (Punjab) i.e., the Rajpura Expansion Project, while we do not require to obtain any specific approval or license at this stage, we may, in the future, at future relevant stages, prior to commencing the construction process for the commissioning of the Rajpura Expansion Project, require to apply for and obtain any such approvals or licenses that may be required to be obtained. We cannot assure you that we shall be able to obtain such licenses or approvals on a timely manner or at all which may affect the timelines for commissioning the Rajpura Expansion Project. For details on licenses and approvals existing as on date, see “ **_Government and Other Approvals_** ” on page 352. 

42 

Further, the relevant authorities may also initiate penal actions against us, restrain our operations, impose fines/penalties or initiate legal proceedings for inability to obtain approvals in a timely manner or at all. Any such failure or delay in obtaining such consents, approvals, permits and licenses may affect our ability to continue our operations, which may in turn have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# 43. **_Our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of Proceeds are not appraised by any independent agency, and we have not yet placed orders for the machineries to be utilised in our Rajpura Expansion Project._** 

We intend to use the Proceeds of the Fresh Issue towards financing the project cost towards the Rajpura Expansion Project. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have not placed any orders for the plants and machineries to be used for installation in the Rajpura Expansion Project. The estimated value of the plants and machineries to be installed in the Rajpura Expansion Project is ₹ 263.74 million based on our estimates and quotations received from third parties, which are subject to change in the future and are certified by a chartered engineer. 

The purposes for which our Proceeds will be utilised have not been appraised by any independent entity and are based on our estimates and third party quotations. Our management will have broad discretion to use the Proceeds of the Fresh Issue and you will be relying on the judgment of our management regarding the application of these Proceeds of the Fresh Issue. Our management may not apply the Proceeds of the Fresh Issue in ways that increase the value of your investment. Additionally, our capital expenditure plans are subject to a number of variables, including the changes in costs, our financial condition, business and strategy or external circumstances such as market conditions, competitive environment, interest or exchange rate fluctuations and finance charges. In the event the Offer is not completed in Financial Year 2021, the deployment schedule will be revised. Further, if the Proceeds are not utilised (in full or in part) for the object of the Offer during the period stated above due to factors such as (i) the timing of completion of the Offer; (ii) market conditions outside the control of our Company; and (iii) any other business and commercial considerations, the remaining Proceeds shall be utilised in subsequent periods as may be determined by our Company, in accordance with applicable laws. The cost of certain machineries in relation to our Rajpura Expansion Project may escalate due to them being imported and due to foreign exchange fluctuations. Further, we cannot assure that we will be able to set up the aforesaid manufacturing facilities in accordance with the proposed schedule of implementation. For further details, see “ **_Objects of the Offer_ -** **_Details of the Objects_** ” on page 94. 

Pending utilisation of the Proceeds of the Fresh Issue, we intend to deposit such Proceeds of the Fresh Issue in scheduled commercial banks. Although the utilisation of the Proceeds of the Fresh Issue will be monitored by our Board of Directors and Audit Committee and it will not be monitored by a Monitoring Agency, there are no limitations on interim investments that we can make using such Proceeds of the Fresh Issue. 

In the event our Company decides to vary the object subsequent to the Offer, it shall do so pursuant to a special resolution of the shareholders in a general meeting. A notice in respect of such resolution issued to the shareholders shall contain details as prescribed under the Companies Act 2013 and such details of the notice, clearly indicating the justification for such variation, shall also be published in one English national daily newspaper, one Hindi national daily newspaper and one Punjabi newspaper as the Registered Office of our Company is situated in Phillaur, Punjab. Pursuant to the Companies Act 2013, the controlling shareholders of our Company will provide an exit opportunity to the shareholders who do not agree to such proposal to vary the object, in accordance with the Articles of Association or as may otherwise be prescribed by SEBI. 

# 44. **_We are subject to restrictive covenants under our financing agreements that could limit our flexibility in managing our business or to use cash or other assets._** 

Most of our financing arrangements are secured by our movable assets and by certain immovable assets. Our accounts receivable, inventories, certain machinery and equipment are subject to charges created in favour of specific secured lenders. Many of our financing agreements also include various conditions and covenants that require us to obtain lender consents prior to carrying out certain activities and entering into certain transactions. Typically, restrictive covenants under financing documents of our Company relate to obtaining prior consent of the lender for events or actions including the following: 

43 

- any change in shareholding of our Promoter; 

- any change in the capital structure of our Company; 

- any additional borrowings; 

- any encumbrance or security over charged assets; 

- change in the ownership or control of our Company, resulting in any change in the beneficial ownership; 

- any material change in the management of our Company; 

- any scheme of merger, amalgamation, compromise or reconstruction; 

- any change in the constitutional documents of our Company; 

- pre-paying any indebtedness incurred by our Company; 

- declaring any dividend on share capital of the Company, if our Company has failed to meet its obligations to pay the interest and/or commission and/or installment or installments and/or other moneys payable to the lender, so long as it is in such default; 

- selling, assigning, mortgaging or otherwise disposing of any of the fixed assets charged to the lender; 

- undertaking any new business, operations or projects or substantial expansion of any current business, operations or projects; 

- undertake guarantee obligations on behalf of any third party or any other company; 

- any contractual obligation of a long-term nature or affecting our Company financially to a significant extent; and 

- any change to the general nature of the business of the Company. 

In addition, such restrictive covenants may also affect some of the rights of our shareholders and our ability to pay dividends if we are in breach of our obligations under the applicable financing agreement. Such financing agreements also require us to maintain certain financial ratios. 

We have obtained a rating of CRISIL A+ on long term facilities and CRISIL A1 on short term facilities on our financing facilities from CRISIL on June 9, 2020 and ICRA A+ on long term facilities and ICRA A1+ on short term facilities on our financing facilities from ICRA on August 28, 2020. Although we have stable credit rating with respect to our facilities currently, any future downgrading of the credit rating of our Company or our Subsidiaries by CRISIL or any other credit rating agency below a specified grade or any adverse comment from our Statutory Auditors or the statutory auditors of such Subsidiaries may qualify as an event of default under the relevant financing agreements of our Company or our Subsidiaries. Pursuant to the provisions of certain loan facilities availed of by our Company, the lenders are entitled to call notice requiring the borrower to repay (either in full or in part) the amount outstanding on any particular day. Further, a downgrade of our credit rating may also increase our interest costs. 

Any failure to service our indebtedness, perform any condition or covenant or comply with the restrictive covenants could lead to a termination of one or more of our credit facilities, acceleration of amounts due under such facilities and cross-defaults under certain of our other financing agreements, any of which may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

45. **_Any variation in the utilisation of the Proceeds or in the terms of any contract as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders’ approval._** 

We intend to use the Proceeds for the purposes described in “ **_Objects of the Offer_** ” on page 93. The deployment of the Proceeds is based on internal management estimates as per our business plan based on current market conditions, prevailing market conditions, quotations received from third-party vendors, which are subject to change in the future and a certificate from an independent chartered engineer. However, such fund requirements has not been appraised by any bank, financial institution or other independent agency. Accordingly, at this stage, we cannot determine with any certainty if we will require the Proceeds to meet any other expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of the competitive environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. In accordance with Section 27 of the Companies Act, 2013, we cannot undertake any variation in the utilisation of the Proceeds or in the terms of any contract as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus without obtaining the Shareholders’ approval through a special resolution. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to undertake variation in the disclosed utilisation of the Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain the 

44 

Shareholders’ approval in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such Shareholders’ approval may adversely affect our business or operations. 

Further, our Promoter would be required to provide an exit opportunity to the shareholders who do not agree with our proposal to change the object of the Offer or vary the terms of such contracts, at a price and manner as prescribed by SEBI. Additionally, the requirement on Promoter to provide an exit opportunity to such dissenting shareholders may deter our Promoter from agreeing to the variation of the proposed utilisation of the Proceeds, even if such variation is in our interest. Further, we cannot assure you that our Promoter will have adequate resources at their disposal at all times to enable them to provide an exit opportunity at the price prescribed by SEBI. 

In light of these factors, we may not be able to undertake variation of object of the Offer to use any unutilised proceeds of the Offer, if any, or vary the terms of any contract referred to in this Red Herring Prospectus, even if such variation is in our interest. This may restrict our ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition by re-deploying the un-utilised portion of the Proceeds, if any, or varying the terms of any contract, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

46. **_We are dependent on a number of key management personnel, including our senior management and skilled manpower, and the loss of or our inability to attract or retain such persons could adversely affect the efficiency of our operations._** 

Our performance depends largely on the efforts and abilities of our key management personnel including our senior management and other skilled manpower for our business operations. Our Promoter and Managing Director, Mr. Anoop Bector has a track record of over 25 years in our Company. Our key management team comprises qualified, experienced and highly skilled professionals who have experience across various sectors, which helps us in growing our business. For details, see “ **_Our Business – Employees_** ” on page 174. 

The continued operations and growth of our business is dependent upon our ability to attract and retain personnel who have the necessary and required experience and expertise. We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain these employees or find adequate replacements in a timely manner, or at all. Our Company’s performance depends largely on the efforts and abilities of these key management personnel including members of management and other employees. Our attrition rate of these key managerial personnel was 14.29%, 14.29% and Nil for the financial years ended March 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. Further, there has been no attrition of our key managerial personnel for the period April 1, 2020 to September 30, 2020. We may require a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when skilled personnel terminate their employment with us. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation and benefits more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting skilled personnel, or to address any breaches on parts of our respective contractors and subcontractors, where we have been the principal employers. Loss of the services of our key management personnel could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

47. **_While certain of our trademarks and copyright used by us for our business are registered, any inability to protect our intellectual property from third party infringement may adversely affect our business and prospects._** 

We have registered ‘ _Mrs. Bector’s Cremica_ ’ as our trademark for our biscuits and ‘ _English Oven_ ’ for our bakery products under several classes. Pursuant to the Brand Separation MoU, certain trademarks for our biscuits business were transferred to our Company. While 68 trademarks that are currently operational are already registered by us in our name, we made fresh applications with respect to certain of our trademarks. Additionally, we have registered certain of our trademarks outside India. Further, we have 16 copyrights registered with the Registrar of Copyrights and two designs for which we have been granted valid registration certificates under the Designs Act. For details, see “ **_Government and Other Approvals – Intellectual Property_** ” on page 354. 

In the absence of these trademark, copyright and design registrations, we may not be able to initiate an infringement action against any third party who maybe infringing our trademarks. With respect to our trademarks that have been applied for and/or objected or opposed we cannot assure you that we will be successful in such a challenge nor can we guarantee that eventually our trademark and copyright applications will be approved, which in turn could result in significant monetary loss or prevent us from 

45 

selling our biscuits and bakery products under these trademarks and copyright. As a result, we may not be able to prevent infringement of our trademarks and copyright and a passing off action may not provide sufficient protection until such time that this registration is granted. For further details, see “ **_Government and Other Approvals”_** on page 352. 

We are also exposed to the risk that other entities may pass off their biscuits and bakery products as ours by imitating our brand name, packaging material and attempting to create counterfeit products. Any such activities may impact the reputation of our brand and sales of our products, which could in turn adversely affect our financial performance. We rely on protections available under Indian law, which may not be adequate to prevent unauthorised use of our intellectual property by third parties. Furthermore, the application of laws governing intellectual property rights in India is uncertain and evolving, and could involve substantial risks to us. Notwithstanding the precautions we take to protect our intellectual property rights, it is possible that third parties may infringe on our rights, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# 48. **_Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to protect us against all material risks. In the event of the occurrence of any unforeseen circumstance, our insurance coverage may not adequately protect us against a possible risk of loss._** 

We could be held liable for accidents that occur during the course of our operations. In the event of personal injuries, fires or other accidents suffered at our manufacturing facilities or depots by our employees or other people, we could face claims alleging that we were negligent, provided inadequate supervision or be otherwise liable for the injuries. We typically maintain standard fire and special perils policy, machinery breakdown policy for our assets and stock of stores and manufacturing facilities and depots to cover risks such as fire and other ancillary perils. We have also obtained insurance for transit of goods for transportation of our products as well as raw materials and we also maintain product liability insurance policy. Further, we have a money insurance policy, marine policy, directors and officer’s liability insurance policy, public liability policy, several vehicle insurance policies, a group mediclaim policy and group personal accident policy for our employees. 

These insurance policies are generally valid for a year and are renewed annually. While we believe that the insurance coverage which we maintain would be reasonably adequate to cover the general risks associated with the operation of our business, we cannot assure you that each claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully or promptly, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our potential losses. Additionally, there may be various other risks and losses for which we are not insured because such risks are either uninsurable or not insurable on commercially acceptable terms, including in relation to the COVID-19 pandemic, and in the event any of such risks materialise, our Company would be required to bear the financial liability (as applicable to it) and accordingly face an adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. 100% of our fixed assets as on March 31, 2020 and for the period between April 1, 2020 to September 30, 2020, were insured. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. For further details on insurance arrangements, see “ **_Our Business – Insurance_** ” on page 174. 

49. **_Our Promoter and Promoter Group will continue to retain control over our Company after completion of the Offer, which will allow them to influence the outcome of matters submitted for approval of our shareholders._** 

After the completion of this Offer, our Promoter and Promoter Group will collectively control, directly or indirectly, approximately [●]% of our Company’s outstanding Equity Shares. As a result, our Promoter and Promoter Group will continue to exercise significant control over us. Our Promoter and Promoter Group may take or block actions with respect to our business, which may conflict with our interests or the interests of our minority shareholders, such as actions which delay, defer or cause a change of our control or a change in our capital structure, merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us, or which discourage or encourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. We cannot assure you that our Promoter and members of our Promoter Group will act in our interest while exercising their rights in such entities. For further details, see “ **_Our Management_** ” and “ **_Promoter and Promoter Group_** ” and “ **_Group Companies_** ” on pages 189, 207 and 211, respectively. 

46 

50. **_We have entered into and may in the future enter into related party transactions and we cannot assure that our future related party transactions would be on terms favourable to us when compared to similar transactions with unrelated or third parties._** 

We have in the ordinary course of our business entered, and will continue to enter, into transactions with related parties. While all of our related party transactions are in compliance with applicable law, we cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. Further, the transactions we have entered into and any future transactions with our related parties have involved or could potentially involve conflicts of interest which may be detrimental to our Company. In addition, the Companies Act, 2013 has brought into effect significant changes to the Indian company law framework including specific compliance requirements such as obtaining prior approval from the audit committee, board of directors and shareholders for certain related party transactions. We assure that all related party transactions of our Company shall be conducted in compliance with the applicable accounting standards, provisions of Companies Act, 2013, as amended, provisions under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, and other applicable law as applicable. 

We cannot assure you that such related party transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including as a result of potential conflicts of interest or otherwise. For more information regarding our related party transactions, see “ **_Summary of the Offer Document_** ” and “ **_Financial Statements_** ” on pages 17 and 218. 

51. **_Conflicts of interest may arise out of common business objects between our Company, and one of our Group Companies._** 

Our Company, and our Group Companies, may, from to time, be authorised under their respective memorandum of association or constitutional documents, as the case may be, to undertake a similar line of business. 

While we do not currently have any conflict management policy or similar arrangement in place, we may in the future be required to assess any potential conflicts of interest and take appropriate steps to address such conflicts of interest, as and when they may arise. 

For further details, see “ **_Group Companies_** ” on page 211. 

52. **_This Red Herring Prospectus contains information from industry sources including the industry report commissioned from Technopak. Prospective investors are advised not to place undue reliance on such information._** 

This Red Herring Prospectus includes information that is derived from a report dated October 16, 2020, titled “ _Indian Biscuit & Bakery Industry_ ” prepared by Technopak Advisors Private Limited (the “ **Technopak Report** ”), pursuant to an engagement with our Company. We have commissioned this report for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the food processing industry in India. Neither we, nor any of the BRLMs, nor any other person connected with the Offer has verified the information in the Technopak Report. 

Technopak has advised that while it has taken due care and caution in preparing the commissioned report, which is based on information obtained from sources that it considers reliable (the “ **Information** ”), it does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the Information and disclaims responsibility for any errors or omissions in the Information or for the results obtained from the use of the Information. The Technopak Report also highlights certain industry, peer and market data, which may be subject to assumptions. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which we conduct our business, and methodologies and assumptions vary widely amongst different industry sources. Further, such assumptions may change based on various factors. We cannot assure you that Technopak Report assumptions are correct or will not change and, accordingly, our position in the market may differ from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, the commissioned report is not a recommendation to invest or disinvest in our Company. Technopak has disclaimed all financial liability in case of any loss suffered on account of reliance on any information contained in the Technopak Report. Prospective Investors are advised not to unduly rely on the Technopak Report or extracts thereof as included in this Red Herring Prospectus, when making their investment decisions. 

47 

53. **_Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. The declaration and payment of dividends will be recommended by the Board of Directors and approved by the shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act, 2013. Our Company has adopted a formal policy on dividend distribution pursuant to a resolution of our Board dated July 10, 2018 which was subsequently amended and adopted by the resolution of our Board dated September 19, 2020. In accordance with our dividend policy, our Board shall recommend/declare dividend as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013. Interim dividend shall be paid on declaration of the same by our Board and the final dividend will be paid on the approval of shareholders at an annual general meeting. Our Company shall pay dividend within 30 days of approval of shareholders/declaration by the Board. In the past, we made certain dividend payments to the shareholders of our Company. We may retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of the business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. Accordingly, realisation of a gain on shareholders’ investments will depend on the appreciation of the price of the Equity Shares. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will appreciate in value. For details of dividend paid by our Company in the past, see “ **_Dividend Policy_** ” on page 215. 

54. **_Our Company will not receive the entire proceeds from the Offer. Some of our Shareholders are selling shares in the Offer and will receive proceeds as part of the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer includes a Fresh Issue of [●] Equity Shares aggregating up to ₹ 405.40 million by our Company and an Offer for Sale of up to [●] Equity Shares aggregating up to ₹ 5,000.00 million by the Selling Shareholders. The proceeds from the Offer for Sale will be paid to the Selling Shareholders, in proportion of the respective portion of their Offered Shares, and our Company will not receive any such proceeds. For further details, see “ **_Objects of the Offer_** ” and “ **_Capital Structure_** ” on pages 83 and 73, respectively. 

# **External Risk Factors** 

# **_Risks Related to India_** 

55. **_The outbreak of COVID-19, or outbreak of any other similar severe communicable disease could have a potential impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

The outbreak, or threatened outbreak, of any severe communicable disease (particularly COVID-19) could adversely affect the overall business sentiment and environment, particularly if such outbreak is inadequately controlled. The spread of any severe communicable disease may also adversely affect the operations of our customers and suppliers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in authorities implementing several measures such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines and lockdowns. These measures have impacted and may further impact our workforce and operations, the operations of our customers, and those of our respective vendors and suppliers. There is currently substantial medical uncertainty regarding COVID-19 and no government-certified treatment or vaccine is available yet. In case there is a rapid increase in severe cases of infections leading to deaths, where the measures taken by governments are not successful or are any bans imposed by the government in this regard are lifted prematurely, may cause significant economic disruption in India and in the rest of the world. The scope, duration and frequency of such measures and the adverse effects of COVID-19 remain uncertain and could be severe. Our ability to meet our ongoing disclosure obligations might be adversely affected, despite our best efforts. If any of our employees were suspected of contracting COVID-19 or any other epidemic disease, this could require us to quarantine some or all of these employees or disinfect the facilities used for our operations. In addition, our revenue and profitability could be impacted to the extent that a natural disaster, health epidemic or other outbreak harms the Indian and global economy in general. The outbreak has significantly increased economic uncertainty. It is likely that the current outbreak or continued spread of COVID-19 will cause an economic slowdown and it is possible that it could cause a global recession. The spread of COVID-19 has caused 

48 

us to modify our business practices (including employee travel, employee work locations, and cancellation of physical participation in meetings, events and conferences), and we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or steps on what we believe would be in the best interests of our employees, customers and suppliers. There is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the outbreak, and our ability to perform critical functions could be harmed. 

The extent to which the COVID-19 further impacts our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions taken globally to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, amongst others. Existing insurance coverage may not provide protection for all costs that may arise from all such possible events. We are still assessing our business operations and system supports and the impact COVID-19 may have on our results and financial condition, but we cannot assure that this analysis will enable us to avoid part or all of any impact from the spread of COVID-19 or its consequences. The degree to which COVID-19 impacts our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of the outbreak, its severity, the actions taken to contain the outbreak or treat its impact, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. The above risks can threaten the safe operation of our facilities and cause disruption of operational activities, environmental harm, loss of life, injuries and impact the wellbeing of our people. Further if the lockdown is extended, it could result in muted economic growth or give rise to a recessionary economic scenario, in India and globally, which could adversely affect the business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition of our Company. 

# 56. **_The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, pandemic disease and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

# 57. **_A downgrade in ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. India’s sovereign rating decreased from Baa2 with a “negative” outlook to Baa3 with a “negative” outlook by Moody’s and from BBB with a “stable” outlook to BBB with a “negative” outlook (Fitch) in June 2020; and from BBB “stable” to BBB “negative” by DBRS in May 2020. India’s sovereign ratings from S&P is BBB- with a “stable” outlook. Any further adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# 58. **_We are subject to regulatory, economic, social and political uncertainties and other factors beyond our control._** 

We are incorporated in India and we conduct our corporate affairs and our business in India. Our Equity Shares are proposed to be listed on BSE and NSE. Consequently, our business, operations, financial performance and the market price of our Equity Shares will be affected by interest rates, government policies, taxation, social and ethnic instability and other political and economic developments affecting India. 

49 

Factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy, and hence our results of operations may include: 

- any exchange rate fluctuations, the imposition of currency controls and restrictions on the right to convert or repatriate currency or export assets; 

- any scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse effect on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing for our expansions; 

- prevailing income conditions amongst Indian customers and Indian corporations; 

- epidemic or any other public health emergency in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; 

- macroeconomic factors and central bank regulation, including in relation to interest rates movements which may in turn adversely impact our access to capital and increase our borrowing costs; 

- volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; 

- decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves which may affect liquidity in the Indian economy; 

- downgrading of India’s sovereign debt rating by rating agencies; and 

- difficulty in developing any necessary partnerships with local businesses on commercially acceptable terms and/or a timely basis. 

Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy or certain regions in India, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. 

Further, a number of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to contagious diseases and, for example, have had confirmed cases of diseases such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID-19 virus. The World Health Organization and other agencies have recently issued warnings on the COVID-19 virus and on a potential avian or swine influenza pandemic if there is sustained human-tohuman transmission. If any of our employees are identified as a possible source of spreading COVID-19, swine flu, avian flu or any other similar epidemic or pandemic, we may be required to quarantine employees that are suspected of being infected, as well as others that have come into contact with those employees and we may have to shut down a part of or the entire manufacturing facility for certain period, which could have an adverse effect on our business operations. Further, the process of obtaining and/or renewing necessary registrations, approvals, licenses and permits from statutory/regulatory authorities is also likely to be impacted by the governmental restrictions and lockdowns. A worsening of the current outbreak of COVID- 19 virus or future outbreaks of COVID-19 virus, avian or swine influenza or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the Indian economy and economic activity in the region. As a result, any present or future outbreak of COVID- 19, avian or swine influenza or other contagious disease could have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

59. **_Significant differences exist between Indian GAAP and IND AS, on one hand, and other accounting principles, such as U.S. GAAP and IFRS, on the other hand, which may be material to investors’ assessments of our financial condition._** 

Our financial statements for the period between April 1, 2020 to September 30, 2020 and April 1, 2019 to September 30, 2019, as well as for the years ended Financial Years 2020, 2019 and 2018 have been prepared in accordance with the Ind AS, read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP or IFRS. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the financial statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited. In addition, some of our competitors may not present their financial statements in accordance with Ind AS and their financial statements may not be directly comparable to ours, and therefore reliance should accordingly be limited. 

60. **_Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of tax laws, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

50 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. For example, the Government of India implemented a comprehensive national goods and services tax (“ **GST** ”) regime with effect from July 1, 2017, that combined multiple taxes and levies by the Central and State Governments into a unified tax structure. Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by any unexpected or onerous requirements or regulations resulting from the introduction of GST or any changes in laws or interpretation of existing laws, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations relating to GST, as it is implemented. The Government has enacted the GAAR which have come into effect from April 1, 2017. The tax consequences of the GAAR provisions being applied to an arrangement could result in denial of tax benefit amongst other consequences. In the absence of any precedents on the subject, the application of these provisions is uncertain. If the GAAR provisions are made applicable to our Company, it may have an adverse tax impact on us. 

The Finance Act, 2020 (the “ **Finance Act** ”) which came into effect on July 1, 2020, has made various amendments. The Finance Act stipulates the sale, transfer and issue of securities through exchanges, depositories or otherwise to be charged with stamp duty. The Finance Act has also clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. 

The Finance Act has, amongst others things, provided a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime, including, without limitation, a simplified alternate direct tax regime and that dividend distribution tax ( **“DDT** ”), will not be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident and likely be subject to tax deduction at source. Our Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source from such dividend. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. 

Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

# 61. **_Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market countries in Asia. Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy. Financial disruptions may occur again and could impact our business, our future financial performance and the prices of the Equity Shares. 

# **_Risks Related to the Offer_** 

# 62. **_Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to foreign investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents 

51 

and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions), if they comply with the valuation and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and fall under any of the exceptions specified by the RBI, then the RBI’s prior approval is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other Governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. 

# 63. **_Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares on a stock exchange held for more than 12 months will be subject to long term capital gains in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as whether the sale is undertaken on or off the stock exchanges, the quantum of gains and any available treaty exemption. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of Securities Transaction Tax (“ **STT** ”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. 

Further, any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

# 64. **_Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

# **Risks Related to the Offer and investment in our Equity Shares** 

# 65. **_The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a bookbuilding process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to factors including variations in our operating results of our Company, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

# 66. **_Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchange. Any dividends in 

52 

respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Equity Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the trading price of our Equity Shares and returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

67. **_The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer. Further, our BRLMs have previously handled issues wherein the market price of shares have been below the issue price of such shares and we cannot assure that the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer will be equal to or higher than the Offer Price._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company and Selling Shareholders in consultation with the BRLMs through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, including the basic and diluted earnings per share, price earnings ratio in relation to the offer price per equity share of the face value, comparison with listed industry peers and return on net worth as described under “ **_Basis for Offer Price_** ” on page 99, and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer and it may decline below the Offer Price. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. Further, the BRLMs have previously handled issues wherein the market price of the issued shares declined below the issue price of shares in such issues within 30 days of their listing and in certain cases continued to trade at a price lower than their listing price on the 180<sup>th</sup> day from their listing. We cannot, therefore, assure you that the investor will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. For further details regarding the track record of past issues handled by each of the BRLMs, see “ **_Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Price Information of Past Issues handled by the BRLMs_** ” on page 361. 

68. **_Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity-linked securities, by us may dilute your shareholding and any sale of Equity Shares by our Promoter or members of our Promoter Group may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any future issuance of the Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to the Equity Shares by us, including through exercise of employee stock options may dilute your shareholding in our Company, adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and our ability to raise capital through an issue of our securities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will not issue additional Equity Shares. The disposal of Equity Shares by any of our Promoter and Promoter Group, or the perception that such sales may occur may significantly affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. Except as disclosed in “ **_Capital Structure_** ” on page 73, we cannot assure you that our Promoter and Promoter Group will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

# 69. **_QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within six Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date, or such other period as may be prescribed by the SEBI events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, financial condition and results of operations may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

53 

70. **_Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, 2013, a company incorporated in India must offer its equity shareholders preemptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting rights on such resolution. 

However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of our Equity Shares, your proportional interests in our Company may be reduced. 

# 71. **_The requirements of being a listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the SEBI Listing Regulations which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. 

Further, as a listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

54 

