# **SECTION III: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in the Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us, our Equity Shares, the industry or the segments in which we operate. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may arise or may become material in the future and may also impair our business, results of operations and financial condition. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are now deemed immaterial, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and as prospective investors you may lose all or part of your investment. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about particular consequences to you of an investment in this Offer. The financial and other related implications of the risk factors, wherever quantifiable, have been disclosed in the risk factors mentioned below. However, there are certain risk factors where the financial impact is not quantifiable and, therefore, cannot be disclosed in such risk factors._ 

_To obtain a complete understanding, you should read this section in conjunction with the sections “Industry Overview”, “Our Business” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 90, 117 and 227 of this Red Herring Prospectus, respectively. The industry-related information disclosed in this section that is not otherwise publicly available is derived from a report titled “ECommerce Industry in India with focus on B2B Segment,” dated January 18, 2019, and prepared by Dun & Bradstreet. Neither our Company, nor any other person connected with the Offer, including the BRLM, has independently verified the information in the industry report or other publicly available information cited in this section._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and, in the section titled “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 19 of this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section. Unless the context requires otherwise, the financial information of our Company has been derived from the Restated Financial Statements._ 

# **Internal Risk Factors** 

**_1. We face significant pricing pressure from our competitors which could require us to reduce prices to remain competitive._** 

India’s B2B e-commerce industry is characterized by low entry barriers. There are new companies which are venturing into B2B e-commerce and may engage themselves in conducting e-auction and/or e-procurement without proper infrastructure. It may lead to an increase in the competition in the segment in which we operate. Some of our competitors in the e-commerce and/or trading industries may have extensive experience, deployment of large manpower capability with advanced technology systems and infrastructure, greater financial capabilities and better relationships with customers. Our customers evaluate us, among other things, customization, speed, quality, flexibility, costs, and results. Also, being a PSU, our Company has to follow the guidelines issued by CVC, regulation of IT Act and other audit requirements of STQC for which, our Company has to invest huge amount towards infrastructure. If we are unable to offset reductions in price through improved operating efficiencies and reduced expenditures, then the pricing could negatively impact our profit margins and cash flows. If we fail to compete with the price and/or technology offered by our competitors, in such cases our customers may opt to transact with our competitors instead of our Company. Even though, our Company may have the requisite technology and skills and while we continue to periodically upgrade our systems and infrastructures, we may be unable to competitively develop the higher-value-added solutions necessary to retain business or attract new customers in the future. Further, we may be unable to retain a compelling advantage over our competitors which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial conditions and cash flows. 

**_2. In our e-commerce line of business, we rely heavily on both government and government-controlled entities for majority of our business._** 

In providing our e-commerce services, we enter into contracts as service providers for e-auction and e- procurement primarily with both government and government-controlled entities. The revenues generated from 

25 

the contracts which are awarded to us by the government and government-controlled entities constitute 90.58%, 90.49%, 96.53% and 98.58% of our total revenue from e-commerce segment for the half year period ended on September 30, 2018 and Fiscals 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Since, we rely heavily on government and government-controlled entities, any change in GoI policies with respect to our business could lead to significant changes including adverse changes in our business. Although we believe that we have been maintaining strong relationship with the government and government-controlled entities, however in case such relationship gets affected due to any reason beyond our control then our business may have an impact. Further, the disinvestment plan of the CPSE’s of the GoI may result in reduced GoI control over entities that are currently our customers. Due to dilution of the GoI’s stake in government-controlled entities, there could be a reduction in the contracts awarded by such entities to us. A reduction in the number of entities controlled by the GoI to which we currently provide services could adversely affect the volume of products for which we are able to provide e-commerce services. Considering majority of our revenue accrues from e-commerce operations, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected if the volume and value of goods for which we can provide e-commerce services is reduced. 

**_3. In our trading line of business, we depend heavily on few customers, and the loss of its business, or a significant reduction in production, demand, or sales from these customers would adversely affect our business._** 

Our revenues from trading line of business constitutes 80.96%, 81.01%, 70.68% and 85.00% of our total revenue for the half year period ended on September 30, 2018 and Fiscals 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Our top three customers in our trading line of business contributed 93.38%, 68.33%, 67.51% and 71.30% of our total revenue from the trading line of business for the half year period ended on September 30, 2018 and Fiscals 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. We are heavily dependent on a few customers for majority of our revenues from trading line of business. In the event we are unable to seek business from such customers on a continuous basis or if the amount of business from such customers reduces or gets discontinued, our revenue may be adversely impacted. 

**_4. There are outstanding litigations involving our Company and our Subsidiary which, if determined adversely, may adversely affect our business and financial condition._** 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company and our Subsidiary are involved in certain legal proceedings. Even though our Company is only a service provider, it has been impleaded in several litigations merely as a formal party. These legal proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts and tribunals. The amounts claimed in these proceedings have been disclosed to the extent ascertainable and include amounts claimed jointly and/or severally from us and/or other parties, as the case may be. We cannot assure you that these legal proceedings will be decided in favour of our Company or our Subsidiary, as the case may be, or that no further liability will arise out of these proceedings. We may incur significant expenses and management time in such legal proceedings and we may have to make provisions in our financial statements, which could increase our expenses and liabilities. Any adverse decision may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

A summary of the pending tax proceedings and other material litigations involving our Company, our Directors, our Subsidiary and our JVC are provided below: 

|**Nature of Litigation against our Company**|**Number**<br>**of**<br>**Outstanding**|**Cases**|**Amount**<br>**million)**|**Involved* (in ₹**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Criminal Matters|10|||Nil|
|Direct Tax Matters|8|||241.55|
|Indirect Tax Matters|25|||519.09|
|Action byregulatory/statutoryauthorities|Nil|||Nil|
|Material civil litigations|42|||7,937.39|
|**Nature of Litigation by our Company**|**Number**<br>**of**<br>**Outstanding**|**Cases**|**Amount**<br>**million)**|**Involved* (in ₹**|
|Criminal Matters|37|||1,797.19|
|Direct Tax Matters|Nil|||Nil|
|Indirect Tax Matters|Nil|||Nil|
|Action byregulatory/ statutoryauthorities|Nil|||Nil|
|Material civil litigation|43|||35,441.47|
|**Nature of Litigation against our Directors**|**Number**<br>**of**<br>**Outstanding**|**Cases**|**Amount**<br>**million)**|**Involved* (in ₹**|
|Criminal Complaint|Nil|||Nil|



26 

|**Nature of Litigation against our Subsidiary**|**Number**<br>**of**<br>**Outstanding**|**Cases**|**Amount**<br>**million)**|**Involved* (in ₹**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Criminal Matters|Nil|||Nil|
|Direct Tax Matters|Nil|||Nil|
|Indirect Tax Matters|21|||653.32|
|Action byregulatory/statutoryauthorities|Nil|||Nil|
|Material civil litigations|2|||NA|
|**Nature of Litigation by our Subsidiary**|**Number**<br>**of**<br>**Outstanding**|**Cases**|**Amount**<br>**million)**|**Involved* (in ₹**|
|Criminal Matters|1|||NA|
|Direct Tax Matters|Nil|||Nil|
|Indirect Tax Matters|Nil|||Nil|
|Action byregulatory/ statutoryauthorities|Nil|||Nil|
|Material civil litigation|2|||NA|
|**Nature of Litigation involving our JVC**|**Number**<br>**of**<br>**Outstanding**|**Cases**|**Amount**<br>**million)**|**Involved* (in ₹**|
|Nil|Nil|||Nil|



_*The amounts claimed in these proceedings have been disclosed to the extent quantifiable._ 

For further details, please refer to the section titled “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 240 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_5. We are currently facing a dispute with Standard Chartered Bank, wherein all freehold buildings of our Company are under attachment in terms of the order of DRT, Mumbai, which if it not concluded in our Company’s favour could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial conditions._** 

Our unsecured borrowings for the half year period ended on September 30, 2018 included an outstanding amount of ₹ 1,436.20 million plus ₹ 788.90 million in interest. Such outstanding amount accrued from a receivable purchase agreement dated August 29, 2008 (“ **RPA** ”) entered into by our Company with Standard Chartered Bank (“ **SCB** ”) wherein, SCB had agreed to purchase the receivables from our Company in relation to the export of gold jewellery. SCB insured this transaction with ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company (“ **ICICI Lombard** ”). After the debtors failed to repay the outstanding amount, SCB claimed the amount from ICICI Lombard who then repudiated the claim of SCB. SCB then converted the trade receivables into debt and filed a case against our Company in DRT, Mumbai for recovery of ₹ 1,910.35 million from our Company alleging default in payments to be made by our Company in terms of the RPA. Further, all the freehold buildings of our Company are under attachment by the order of DRT, Mumbai. Our Company had also filed a title suit against SCB and ICICI Lombard before the Court of the 1<sup>st</sup> Civil Judge Senior Division at Alipore, South 24 Parganas, West Bengal (“ **Civil Judge** ”) challenging the claim for recovery of SCB on the ground that our Company is not a debtor of SCB in terms of the RPA and praying for a permanent injunction on the recovery proceedings initiated by SCB. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, the judgement has been reserved by the Bombay High Court. For further details, please refer to the section titled “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 252 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Any adverse outcome in the above-mentioned proceeding may adversely affect our reputation and may have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

**_6. We are exposed to a legal proceeding relating to a dispute in connection with cancellation of our export import license._** 

Our Company had undertaken transactions for the export of non-alloy steel wire rod coil to foreign countries, via our customer Barron Impex Private Limited (“ **Transactions** ”). The Union of India through the Secretary, Ministry of Commerce & Industry, Director General of Foreign Trade, Ministry of Commerce and Industry, Zonal Joint Director General of Foreign Trade and Deputy General Director of Foreign Trade, Ministry of Commerce & Industry (“ **Authorities** ”) had issued a defaulter order wherein the name of our Company was included in the defaulters list, proposing to cancel the export-import license of our Company for undertaking the Transactions. Our Company had filed a writ petition against the Authorities challenging the illegal and wrongful acts on the part of the Authorities in issuing the defaulter order and the validity of the actions by the Authorities in putting the name of our Company in the defaulters list for cancellation of the export import license. If the outcome of this proceeding is ruled against us, then it could have an adverse affect on our business, results of operations and financial conditions as our license for export and import may get cancelled. For further details, please refer to the section titled “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 254 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

27 

# **_7. We have been arrayed as one of the accused in proceedings initiated by Enforcement Directorate, Mumbai (“ED”)._** 

The ED has initiated an investigation under proviso II to section 45 of the PML Act against our Company and certain others for alleged offences under section 3 punishable under section 4 of the PML Act. Our Company has been arrayed as one of the accused in its corporate capacity through our former Chairman and Managing Director and our present Chairman and Managing Director. For further details, please refer to the section titled “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 242 of this Red Herring Prospectus. If the outcome of this proceeding is determined against us, it may have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, result of operations and financial conditions. 

# **_8. We are exposed to a dispute relating to participation in the securities of another company._** 

Our Company has entered into a tripartite agreement dated April 17, 2001 (“ **Second Agreement** ”) with Sujana Steel Limited (“ **SSL** ”) and Tirumala Re-Rolling Private Limited **(“TRPL”)** . Prior to this, our Company had also entered into a memorandum of understanding (“ **MOU** ”) dated September 18, 1995 with SJK Steel Corporation Limited (“ **SJKSCT** ”) where under our Company had agreed to participate in the paid up equity capital of SJKSCL subject to approval of GoI. Further, our Company had entered into another agreement dated March 16, 1996 (“ **First Agreement** ”) with SSL and SJKSCL where under our Company had agreed to sell 19,500 MT of carbon steel melting scrap at an amount of ₹ 183.60 million to SSL, out of which SSL had agreed to pay a sum of ₹ 150 million to SJKSCL being the equity participation of our Company subject to the approval of GoI. However, since our Company did not receive the GoI approval, hence, it requested SSL to make the direct payment towards settlement of outstanding dues payable to our Company for the material supplied. However, SSL had continuously failed in making the due payments to our Company due to which our Company had initiated legal proceedings. The Second Agreement has been entered to settle the dispute where under, _inter alia_ , SSL has agreed to pay an - amount aggregating to ₹ 15.60 million as lumpsum payment and the balance amount will be converted into non convertible privately placed debentures with interest at 10% per annum to be issued by TRPL in favour of our Company. In addition to this, SSL has agreed to issue a post-dated cheque for ₹ 158 million to our Company which will be returned after the receipt of full payment by our Company and a post-dated cheque of ₹ 20 million towards the payment of accrued interest. In this regard, a writ petition has been filed before the High Court of Madras by Sujana Metal Products Limited (“ **SMPL** ”) (presently known as SSL) against our Company, Union of India through the Ministry of Steel and SJKSCL”) wherein SMPL has contended that the action of our Company for not taking equity participation in SJKSCL as arbitrary, illegal and consequently. In the event the outcome of this proceeding is ruled against us, then our Company will be compelled for equity participation in SJKSCL which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial conditions. 

# **_9. Our trading line of business conducted through a cash-and-carry model faces traditional risks associated with pilferage, reduction in price and various other risks._** 

In our cash-and-carry model, we facilitate the procurement of materials on behalf of our customers. Then the materials so procured are pledged and released to the customers only against receipt of payment by us. Further, either the customer may not pick up the material or may pick up the material without paying cash within the specific period of time. If the price of material remains unpaid for and incase there is any adverse volatility in the prices of unsold material, it will have an impact on our revenue as well as profitability. In case, the pledged goods are stolen, it will have an adverse effect on our financials. Our challenges to efficiently manage and successfully operate the storage of such materials may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. In case we fail to effectively plan and manage inventory turnover may result in excess or insufficient inventory, result in increased costs, impairment charges, or both, or impact our business in either ways. 

**_10. Our Company has in the past not complied with the requirements of Companies Act. Further our Company is not in compliance with certain provisions of the Companies Act and/or SEBI Listing Regulations in relation to terms of reference of the Audit Committee and the Nomination and Remuneration Committee._** 

Our Company was not in compliance with Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 for the period commencing from October 9, 2015 till September 5, 2017 with respect to the appointment of minimum number of independent directors on the Board. Accordingly, our Company was also not in compliance with the requirement of the composition of the Audit Committee as well as the Nomination and Remuneration Committee. However, since the Directors on the Board of our Company are appointed by the President of India, hence our Company had no control over the aforesaid non compliance. 

Further, as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company is not in compliance, with the relevant provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations and/or the Companies Act, 2013 in relation to the terms of reference 

28 

of the Audit Committee and the Nomination & Remuneration Committee. Pursuant to Regulation 18(3) read with Paragraph A (2) of Part C of Schedule II of SEBI Listing Regulations, provisions relating to recommendation for appointment, remuneration and terms of appointment of auditors of a listed entity, is required to be included in the terms of reference of audit committee. In accordance with Section 139(5) of the Companies Act, 2013, the Comptroller and Auditor General of India is required to appoint our Statutory Auditor. Accordingly, provisions relating to appointment of our Statutory Auditor are not included in the terms of reference of our Audit Committee, as required under SEBI Listing Regulations. 

Pursuant to Regulation 19(4) read with Paragraph A of Part D of Schedule II of SEBI Listing Regulations, provisions relating to (i) identification of persons who are qualified to become directors, (ii) recommending appointment and removal of directors, (iii) recommending extension of the term of independent directors, (iv) formulation of criteria for evaluation of performance of the directors, (v) devising policy on diversity of the board of directors, (vi) formulation of the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a director, are required to be included in the terms of reference of Nomination and Remuneration Committee. In our case, the power to appoint directors on our Board is vested with the President of India acting through the MoS and, as a result, we do not have the power to appoint Directors of our Board. 

Accordingly, the aforementioned matters are not included in the terms of reference of our Audit Committee and Nomination and Remuneration Committee, respectively. To this extent, we have been granted an exemption pursuant to the SEBI Exemption Letter. 

Regulation 24 (1) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, requires at least one independent director on the Board of Directors of the Company shall be a director on the board of directors of an unlisted material subsidiary, incorporated in India. However, in accordance with the Corporate Governance Guidelines issued by DPE read with circular no. OM No.20 (13)EO/2014(ACC) dated November 17, 2016 issued by the Department of Personnel & Training, Ministry of Personnel, Public Grievances and Pensions, Government of India, an independent director is yet to be appointed by our Subsidiary company for which the GoI directions is awaited. Since we are not in compliance with regard to appointment of at least one independent director on the Board of Directors of our Company on the board of our Subsidiary, hence we have also sought an exemption from SEBI in this regard. SEBI has granted us exemption vide the SEBI Exemption Letter from this requirement for the limited purpose of the Offer and post listing, subject to applicable law, the director will have to be appointed on the board of our unlisted material subsidiary without any delay. 

# **_11. Our volume of trade has fluctuated over the past few years._** 

In the past few years, the volume of our trade business has fluctuated due to the volatility in the market in which our clients operate including the slump in the steel sector and decrease in sale of thermal coal to power plants which lead to decline in the volume of our trading business. The volume of our trading business was ₹ 42,703.50 million, ₹ 93,518.10 million, ₹ 45,976.50 million and ₹ 43,822.30 million for the half year period ended on September 30, 2018 and Fiscals 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. While there may be a likelihood that the volume for our trading line of business may not grow or may fluctuate from period to period, which could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

# **_12. We are exposed to the credit risks of our customers in our trading business especially under cash and carry model._** 

In our trading vertical, we procure materials on behalf of our customers based on payment commitments made by such customers. The process of cash and carry can be in two modes i.e. a) purchase–sale mode, or b) facilitator mode. In the purchase sale mode, the volume of the transaction is reflected as turnover of the Company and in the facilitator mode, the volume of business is not taken as turnover since the ownership of the goods is not vested in our Company at any point of time. Since we offer credit facilities to our customers in both the cases, our receivables may be higher than the revenue earned by our Company from our trading vertical. 

There have been instances of delayed payments and defaults in payment by some of our customers and we cannot assure you that our customers will be able to meet their contractual payment obligations to us, either in a timely manner or at all. The reasons for payment delays, cancellations or default by our customers may be due to insolvency, bankruptcy, insufficient financing or working capital due to late payments by their respective endcustomers. We may not be able to enforce our contractual rights to receive payment through legal proceedings under the IBC. Currently, we have certain debtors who have been referred to NCLT. In the event we are unable to collect payments from our customers, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

29 

**_13. We may face challenges to successfully diversify and develop our services in response to evolving trends and demands may adversely affect our growth and negatively impact our profitability._** 

We primarily provide trading and e-commerce services mainly comprising of e-auction/e-sale, e-procurement and retail software. Changes in customer preferences, regulatory or industry trends or requirements or in competitive technologies may render some of our services obsolete or less attractive. Our failure to anticipate changes in technology and/or regulatory changes and/or to successfully develop and introduce new and enhanced services on a timely basis is a significant factor in our ability to remain competitive. 

With due passage of time, we may diversify our business even further to include additional types of materials to trade through e-commerce. We may require methods of operations and marketing and financial strategies different from those currently employed in our Company. Therefore, we cannot assure that we will be able to fully and successfully develop these new services/solutions. There can be no certainity that we will be able to secure the necessary technological knowledge, through research and development or through technical assistance agreements or otherwise, that will allow us to develop our platform portfolio in this manner. If we are unable to obtain such knowledge in a timely manner, we may be unable to effectively implement our strategies due to which our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. Moreover, we may be unable to achieve the technological developments that may be necessary for us to remain competitive or that some of our services and/or solutions will remain accessible. 

In the past, we have incurred and in future we may incur capital expenditures for advancement of services/solutions to meet the demands of our customers. There cannot be certainity, that we will be able to install and commission the software’s and/or other form of tools which are required to trade products on time. In case we do not successfully and timely develop a new platform and services in order to cater to the requirements of our customers and industry trends, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 

**_14. We rely on information technology systems, networks and infrastructure, and any interruption or breakdown in such systems, networks or infrastructure or our technical systems could impair our business and operations._** 

We have implemented various IT solutions and ERP solutions to cover key areas of our operations, procurement, dispatch, accounting and other business functions. Our business is also technology driven, and we rely heavily on IT and networks and related infrastructure. As a result, our business operations and the quality of our services depend significantly on the efficient and uninterrupted operation and reliability of our information technology systems and networks and related infrastructure such as our data rooms, both internal and external. For instance, a failure in technology including technical error/glitches, server breakdown can lead to interrupted bidding, and could even lead to cancellation of bids which may result into initiation of litigation proceedings, other adverse results and could adversely affect our financial condition. 

In spite of regular checks and tests, our systems may be vulnerable to interruption and damage as a result of natural disasters, power loss, technical glitches, undetected errors or viruses in our software, computer viruses or loss of electronically stored data, hardware damage, disruption in communications access or infrastructure, electronic intrusion attempts, break-ins, sabotage, hacking, vandalism and other similar events which may result in cancellation of e-auctions/events. There can be no certianity that we will be able to eliminate or alleviate the risks arising from such contingencies. In addition, our systems and software, including our website, secure sockets layer encryption, firewall and IPS may contain undetected errors, defects or bugs, which we may not be able to detect and repair in time or in a cost-effective manner, or at all. Any damage to or failure of our systems could lead to loss of data or interruptions or delays, thereby impairing our ability to effectively provide our services. 

Further, unavailability of, or failure to retain, well-trained employees capable of constantly servicing our IT and ERP systems may lead to inefficiency or disruption of IT system thereby adversely affecting our ability to operate efficiently. Any of these developments, alone or in combination, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_15. We may fail to enhance our market position by failing to access new markets and develop new relationships which complement our existing business operations which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We intend to enhance our market position through accessing new markets and relationships that complement our existing business operations. The implementation of such strategy is subject to a number of risks, including, but not limited to the risks of: 

30 

- failing to assimilate new technology required for building the new products identified; 

- failure of new equipment and facilities installed for the expansion; 

- experiencing difficulties in obtaining regulatory approvals; 

- being adversely affected by changes in market conditions and demands; 

- experiencing the diversion of our management’s time and attention; 

- experiencing difficulties in retaining the key employees who are essential to successfully managing those businesses; 

As a result, we may not be successful in developing our businesses to the extent of and in accordance with our expectations and business strategies and there can be no assurance relating to any revenues from or profitability of such strategies we intend to pursue. 

# **_16. Our Company may be expose to foreign exchange control regulations and currency fluctuations._** 

Our Company is involved in various business transaction with international clients and has to conduct the same in accordance with the rules and regulations prescribed under FEMA. Further, our Company is required to make and receive payments from and/or to foreign client’s within the timeline stipulated under the applicable law. Due to non receipt of such payments in a timely manner, our Company may fail to adhere to the prescribed timelines and may be required to pay penalty to the appropriate authority/department to regularise the payment. Further, our Company is involved in various litigations with foreign parties and has an outstanding which may be payable with interest and has bearing on account of foreign exchange fluctuations. In case we are unable to adhere to the timelines prescribed under the applicable laws, there could be an adverse affect on our business, results of operations, financial conditions and cash flows. 

**_17. The GoI has significant influence over our actions which may restrict our ability to manage our business. Any change in GoI policy could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations_** . 

Being a CPSE, the President of India may issue directives with respect to the conduct of our business or our affairs as long as we remain a Government-owned company as defined under the Companies Act. For instance, our Directors are appointed by the President of India. Further, the President of India from time to time may issue directions as he considers necessary regarding the exercise and performance of the functions of our Company. This influence on our Company will remain even after this Offer. 

The priorities of the GoI may be different from ours or that of our other shareholders. As a result, the GoI may take actions with respect to our business and the businesses of our peers and competitors that may not be in our or our shareholders' best interests. For instance, the national demand for procurement services will decrease due to the GoI’s directive to use the Government e-Marketplace (“ **GeM Portal** ”). The GoI has set up a dedicated e- market for different goods and services procured by government organizations / departments / PSUs for transforming Directorate General of Supplies and Disposals to a digital ecommerce portal for procurement and selling of goods and services thereby providing the tools of e-bidding, reverse e-auction and demand aggregation to facilitate the government users, achieve the best value for their money. Any change in the GoI’s directive to use the GeM Portal for purchases, the scope of work in our e-procurement business may decline, as a major percentage of any corporation’s business is incurred on procurement of goods. 

The GoI could also, in exercising its powers of control, defer or initiate a change in control or a change in capital structure of our Company. It could also delay or defer a merger, acquisition or other fundamental change of our Company. In particular, given the importance of this industry to the Indian economy, the GoI could require us to take actions designed to serve the public interest, and not necessarily to maximize our profits. This could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**_18. Certain corporate and secretarial records of our Company are not traceable and some of our corporate records contain discrepancies._** 

Our Company is unable to locate some of the regulatory filings made with the RoC and/or secretarial records including _inter-alia_ in respect of: (i) allotment of Equity Shares, change in registered office and certain other forms required to be filed since incorporation; (ii) share transfer deeds; (iii) records in relation to the forfeiture of shares and re-issuance of such forfeited shares; (iv) certain other corporate records. Though our Company has made efforts to retrieve such records however, there is no certainity that these forms or records will be available in the future. Since copies of these regulatory filings are unavailable with us, we cannot assure you that these regulatory filings were duly filed on a timely basis, or at all. 

31 

Further, such corporate and secretarial records are also not available in the records of RoC, as certified by the search report dated January 28, 2019 from Saumayo Jyoti Seal, Company Secretary. There may be inconsistencies between the information provided in certain RoC forms and the statutory and corporate records maintained by us. We cannot assure you of the accuracy and completeness of such internal records maintained by us in respect to the above mentioned and that these discrepancies will not adversely affect our business. 

In addition, we have not been able to ascertain the acquisition price and the nature of consideration for the initial acquisition of equity share of our Company by our Promoter from SAIL in the year 1982 due to non-availability of the share transfer deeds. Thus, we have not considered the price for initial acquisition while computing average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by our Promoter. The share capital build-up included in the section titled “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 62 of this Red Herring Prospectus is based on certain available statutory and/or other corporate and secretarial records maintained by us. 

# **_19. Our contingent liabilities as stated in our Restated Financial Statements could adversely affect our financial condition._** 

As of September 30, 2018, our Restated Financial Statements disclosed and reflected the following contingent liabilities: 

|**Sr. No.**|**Particulars**|**As at September 30, 2018**<br>**(₹ in million)**|
|---|---|---|
|1|Sales Tax & Customs|365.23|
|2|MoneySuits|1,420.56|
|3|Arbitration|3.02|
|4|Income Tax|65.42|
|5|Service Tax|970.28|
|6|Claims against us not acknowledged as debt|6.14|
|7|OutstandingBank Guarantees|137.56|
||**Total**|**2,968.20**|



For further details, please see refer to the Note 38 of the section titled “ _Financial Statements_ ” on page 210 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Any increase in our contingent liabilities or occurrence of these liabilities may materially and adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_20. Our Company has incurred losses in the preceding financial years based on the Restated Financial Statements._** 

Our Company has incurred loss after tax of ₹ 158.84 million, ₹ 64.81 million and ₹ 2,471.00 million in half year period ended on September 30, 2018, Fiscal 2018 and Fiscal 2016 respectively based on the Restated Financial Statements. The said losses are primarily due to bad debts being written off and provisioning done for other bad and doubtful advances and debts. For further details, please refer to the sections titled “ _Financial Statements_ ”, “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” and “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on pages 169, 227 and 240 of this Red Herring Prospectus, respectively. We cannot assure you that our Company will not incur losses in future. 

# **_21. We have experienced negative cash flows in the past. Any negative cash flow in the future could adversely affect the results of operations and financial condition._** 

We had negative cash flow from our operating and financing activities as set out below: 

|**Particulars**|**For the half year**<br>**period ended on**<br>**September 30, 2018**|**Fiscal 2018**|**Fiscal 2017**|_(₹ in million)_<br>**Fiscal 2016**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Netcash fromoperatingactivities|5,234.89|947.60|(5,193.84)|2,233.34|
|Net cash(used)in investingactivities|(247.40)|105.00|3,771.60|3,051.30|
|Netcash(used)in financingactivities|(3,594.28)|(944.40)|120.40|(3,510.80)|



For further details, please refer to the sections titled “ _Financial Statements_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on pages 169 and 227 of this Red Herring Prospectus, respectively. We cannot assure you that our net cash flow will be positive in the future. 

32 

# **_22. We have experienced related party transactions in the past and may continue to do so in the future._** 

We have entered into certain transactions with related parties and may continue to do so in future. Please see “ _Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 215 of this Red Herring Prospectus. We cannot assure you that we could not achieve more commercially reasonalble terms if such transactions were not entered into with related parties. We cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

**_23. Our trading line of business conducted through the associate supplier model faces execution risk from our associate suppliers. Any non-performance/under-performance by the associate supplier could affect our reputation and consequently our business._** 

We conduct a portion of our trading business through the associate supplier model. The empanelment of associate suppliers for a particular material is done through an open process for a fixed tenure. Our Company participates in tenders floated by the buyers with the complete back up of supply of the desired material from the associate supplier. Payment is released to the associate supplier only after receipt of same from the buyer. All the arrangements are on a back-to-back basis with the associate supplier. In this arrangement, we are dependent on the associate supplier for fulfilment of our orders. If our associate suppliers fail to fulfill their contractual commitments, our customers may take action against us. In such eventuality, our reputation could be jeopardized, potentially leading to reduced sales and revenue, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_24. We may face challenges in meeting our obligations, conditions and restrictions imposed by our financing agreements, which in turn may adversely affect our financial condition._** 

As on September 30, 2018, we had a total outstanding borrowings of ₹ 3,019.43 million. We may incur additional indebtedness in the future. Our indebtedness could have several important consequences, including but not limited to the following: 

- a portion of our cash flow will be used towards repayment of our existing debt, which will reduce the availability of cash to fund working capital needs, capital expenditures, and other general corporate requirements; 

- our ability to obtain additional financing in the future at reasonable terms may be restricted; 

- our ability to receive advance amounts from our customers; 

- fluctuations in market interest rates may affect the cost of our borrowings, as some of our loans are at variable interest rates; and 

- we may be more vulnerable to economic downturns, may be limited in our ability to withstand competitive pressures and may have reduced flexibility in responding to changing business, regulatory and economic conditions. 

Most of our financing arrangements are secured by charge on our assets. Many of our financing agreements also include various conditions and covenants that require us to obtain lender consents prior to carrying out certain activities and entering into certain transactions. Typically, restrictive covenants under financing documents of our Company relate to obtaining prior consent of the lender for, among others: 

- effecting any changes in capital structure; 

- any change in management or control of our Company; 

- formulating any scheme of amalgamation or reconstruction; 

- invest by way of share capital in or lend or advance funds to or place deposits with any other concern; or 

- undertake guarantee obligations on behalf of our Company. 

In case we fail to meet these conditions or obtain these consents, there could be significant consequences on our business. 

Any failure to service our indebtedness, perform any condition or covenant or comply with the restrictive covenants could lead to a termination of one or more of our credit facilities, default, acceleration of amounts due under such facilities and cross-defaults under certain of our other financing agreements, any of which may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

33 

**_25. We are subject to various laws and regulations, in jurisdictions where we operate, including those of environmental, health and safety, internet and e-commerce, which may subject us to increased compliance costs, or even an inability to comply at all, both of which may in turn result in an adverse effect on our operations._** 

Our operations are subject to various central, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and occupational health and safety, including those governing the generation, handling, storage, use, management, transportation and disposal of, or exposure to, raw materials resulting from the procurement, trade, sale, and auctioning of raw materials. We also are subject to technology and internet-related laws and regulations that could encompass the manner in which we conduct our e-auction and e-procurement services. For example, we must ensure all of our e-commerce software remain in compliance with the relevant guidelines of the IT Act and the rules thereunder. Further, the Draft Personal Data Protection Bill, 2018 which is proposed draft of data protection law in India, if enacted, will subject us to a higher threshold for the storage, processing and protection of personal data as well as greater liabilities for breach of our obligations. 

There can be no assurance that the relevant authorities will issue relevant certifications, approvals, and permits in the timeframe anticipated by us or at all, and a majority of these approvals are granted for a limited duration. Some of these approvals, licenses and permits have expired and we have either made or are in the process of making applications for renewing these approvals. We cannot assure you that our applications for renewal of these approvals will be issued or granted to us in a timely manner, or at all. Failure by us to renew, maintain or obtain the required permits or approvals may result in the interruption of our operations and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For details of our material certifications, approvals and permits, please refer to the section titled “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 261 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_26. We rely on automated systems and the internet in the operation of our business and retain customer data, which exposes us to risks from systems failures and security breaches._** 

Our website, mobile application and computer systems are subject to security breaches, cyber-attacks, viruses, malware, break-ins, phishing attacks or other attacks. We have no control over the security measures put in place to prevent such breaches and attacks or their actions in this respect. Breaches of cyber-security measures could result in misappropriation of information or data, deletion or modification of user information, or a denial-ofservice or other interruption to our business operations which may impact our operations and expose us to loss of reputation, loss of business, risk of litigations and may require us to incur significant expenses to remedy any such breach. 

We retain personal information received from customers and have put in place security measures to protect against unauthorized access to such information. Personal information held both offline and online is highly sensitive and, if third parties were to access such information without the customers’ prior consent or misappropriate that information, it could deter people from transacting on our website, our mobile application and therefore our reputation could be adversely affected. Such technology systems may also be vulnerable to malware attacks, which may block or restrict access to these systems and impair their functionality, unless we are able to rectify the situation. If such unauthorized use of our systems were to occur, data related to our clients/users and other proprietary information could be compromised. The IT Act, as amended, read with rules and regulations thereunder requires us to maintain confidentiality of sensitive personal data or information. Our inability to comply with the aforesaid statute can lead to monetary penalties as well as regulatory actions. Further, the Draft Personal Data Protection Bill, 2018, which is proposed draft of data protection law in India, if enacted, will subject us to a higher threshold for storage, processing and protection of personal data as well as greater liabilities for breach of such data. The occurrence of any such events could adversely affect our business, interrupt our operations, subject us to increased operating costs and expose us to litigation and customers could possibly bring legal claims against us, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_27. The proceeds from this Offer will not be available to us._** 

As this is an Offer for Sale of Equity Shares by the Selling Shareholder, the proceeds from this Offer will be remitted to the Selling Shareholder and we will not be benefitted from such proceeds. 

**_28. We may face challenges in managing the growth in scale of our operations or e-commerce trends which may adversely affecting our business operations._** 

We have in recent periods experienced significant growth in our business operations, which has placed, and will 

34 

continue to place, significant demands on our managerial, operational, and financial infrastructure. Our integrated e-commerce business model includes a wide range of modular, customizable e-commerce solutions developed on an advanced technology platform. We also continue to grow our B2C business operations, targeting merchant and customer acquisition in India as well as internationally. As our operations grow in scale and complexity, whether through offering of new services or expansion into new markets in India and internationally, we must continuously improve, upgrade, adapt and expand our technology systems and infrastructure to offer our merchants and customers enhanced services, features and functionality ahead of rapidly evolving consumer demands, while maintaining the reliability and integrity of our systems and infrastructure in a cost-efficient and competitive manner. 

In addition, to effectively manage our growth, we will also need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls, as well as our reporting systems and procedures. In particular, continued growth brings with it the challenges involved in continuous training and development of skilled and competent personnel and employees and the developing and improving of internal administrative infrastructure. These systems, enhancements and improvements will require significant capital expenditures and management resources. Our capital expenditure in the past may not reflect our future capital expenditure needs. Failure to implement these improvements could hurt our ability to manage our growth. 

If we do not effectively manage our growth or appropriately expand and upgrade our systems and platforms in a timely manner or at a reasonable cost, or both, we may lose market opportunities or damage our attractiveness and reputation with our merchants and customers, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_29. There are uncertainties involved with our recycling line of business, as it remains in its introductory years of execution and no significant revenue will immediately come from the venture for at least the next few years._** 

We entered into a joint venture agreement with MIL in Fiscal 2017 to form a JVC to procure and dismantle ELVs and white goods which will help us in diversifying our business. Specifically, we are still developing the most efficient way to obtain raw materials for this particular endeavor. 

The development of our recycling business will require significant capital expenditures and there can be no assurance that we will develop significant revenue as a result of these expenditures. Further, there is a lock-in for both the joint venture partner for three (3) years from the date of issuance of share certificate by MMRPL, thereafter the joint venture partners are free to exit from MMRPL. Further, there is a non-compete on both the parties, which is valid for five (5) years from the date of JVA. If MIL opts not to continue with the JVC, it will be difficult to sustain this line of business and MIL may decide to engage in the same line of business with a competing company after non-compete period. Additionally, as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Group Company MMRPL is in breach of one of the condition mentioned in clause 2.2 of the JVA, in which it was required to enter into an appropriate trademark license agreement to permit the use of the word MSTC for MMRPL’s name and for its business. However as on date, no agreement has been entered by MMRPL, MIL and our Company. In the event we are unable to generate significant revenue as a result of these expenditures, we may incur losses, which may have an effect on our financial condition. 

# **_30. The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by our Promoter is lower than the Offer Price._** 

Our Promoter’s average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares in our Company is lower than the Offer Price as may be decided by our Company and the Selling Shareholder in consultation with the BRLM. For further details regarding average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by our Promoter in our Company and build-up of Equity Shares by our Promoter in our Company, please refer to the section titled “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 62 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_31. We are dependent on a number of qualified personnel and the loss of such persons, or our inability to attract and retain such persons in the future, could adversely affect our business, growth prospects, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Our operations are dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel. While we believe that we currently have adequate qualified personnel, we may not be able to continuously attract or retain such personnel, or retain them on acceptable terms, given the demand for such personnel. The loss of the services of our qualified personnel may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may require a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when qualified personnel cease to be an employee of our 

35 

Company. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting the qualified employees that our business requires. 

Further, our senior management team is integral to the success of our business. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain any or all of our management team. Any loss of our senior management or key personnel or our inability to recruit further senior managers or other key personnel could impede our growth and our ability to develop, maintain and expand customer relationships. 

In addition, we cannot assure you that our relations with our employees shall remain cordial at all times and that employees will not undertake or participate in strikes, work stoppages or other industrial actions in the future. Any labor disruptions may affect our operations, thereby adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_32. Many of our office premises are not owned by us. If we are unable to renew existing leases or relocate our operations on commercially reasonable terms, there may be an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operations._** 

Many of our offices are on lease. If we are unable to renew certain or all of these leases on commercially reasonable terms, we may suffer a disruption in our operations or be unable to continue to operate from those locations in the future. In the event any of the lessors or licensors terminate or do not renew the lease or license on commercially acceptable terms, or at all, we will be required to vacate such premises. Any failure to renew our leases or to find alternative properties may have an adverse impact on our operations and profitability. For details of our leases and other property-related matters, please refer to the section titled “ _Our Business_ ” on page 117 of the Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_33. Our insurance coverage may not adequately protect us against all material hazards._** 

We maintain such insurance coverage as we believe is customary in our industry. Our key insurance policies include risks of stock-turnover, fire and earthquake and burglary among others. We have maintained an insurance coverage of ₹ 704.20 million which is 1.65% of the total assets as per the Restated Financial Statements as at September 30, 2018. There can be no assurance that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honored fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all material losses. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, that is not covered by insurance or exceeds our insurance coverage, the loss would have to be borne by us and our cash flows and financial performance could be adversely affected. 

# **_34. Our failure to keep our technical knowledge confidential could erode our competitive advantage._** 

We possess extensive technical knowledge about our specific, customized e-commerce software and programs. Our technical knowledge is a significant independent asset, which may not be adequately protected by intellectual property rights. As a result, we cannot be certain that our technical knowledge will remain confidential in the long run. 

Certain proprietary knowledge may be leaked, either inadvertently or willfully, at various stages of the development process. A significant number of our employees have access to confidential product information and there can be no assurance that this information will remain confidential. Moreover, certain of our employees may leave us and join our various competitors. Although we may seek to enforce nondisclosure agreements in respect of certain key employees, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully enforce such agreements. In the event the confidential technical information in respect of our products or business becomes available to third parties or to the general public, any competitive advantage we may have over other companies in the e-commerce, trading or recycling sectors could be harmed. If a competitor is able to reproduce or otherwise capitalize on our technology, it may be difficult, expensive or impossible for us to obtain necessary legal protection. Consequently, any leakage of confidential technical information could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects. 

# **_35. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to successfully manage, or accurately report, our financial risks._** 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to prepare reliable financial reports and effectively avoid fraud. Moreover, any internal controls that we may implement, or our level of compliance with such controls, may deteriorate over time, due to evolving business conditions. There can be no assurance that deficiencies in our internal controls will not arise in the future, or that we will be able to implement, and continue to maintain, adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls. Any inability on our part 

36 

to adequately detect, rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls may adversely impact our ability to accurately report, or successfully manage, our financial risks, and to avoid fraud. 

# **_36. We may be unable to prevent the infringement of our intellectual property rights by third parties, including our current and future competitors._** 

We have obtained registrations for certain trademarks, such as, ‘ _MSTC LIMITED_ ’, ‘ _M3 MSTC METAL MANDI_ ’ and ‘ _MSTCECOMMERCE_ ’ under various classes of the Trade Marks Act, 1999. For details, refer to the section titled “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 263 of this Red Herring Prospectus. We believe that our trademarks have significant brand recognition, therefore, our trademarks are significant to our business and operations. There can be no assurance that our data or proprietary technology will not be copied or otherwise misappropriated or abused by third parties. There may be irreparable damage to our business in the event that our intellectual property is infringed by competitors, in which case an award of damages may not be an adequate remedy. 

In addition, effective intellectual property rights protection may not be available in all jurisdictions where we may operate in the future and policing unauthorized use of our data or technology is difficult and expensive. We may be required to resort to litigation or other legal proceedings to enforce, protect or determine the validity and scope of our intellectual property rights, especially in relation to our e-commerce technology, and to defend against third party infringements, which may be expensive and resource-consuming and might create uncertainty as to the ownership of such rights or may not result in a satisfactory remedy or recourse. 

If we are unable to protect our current and future intellectual property rights with respect to our business, our ability to compete effectively will be impaired, which may materially and adversely affect our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_37. We might infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others, which could harm our competitive position._** 

While we take care to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of third party, if any, we cannot determine with certainty as to whether we are infringing on any existing third-party intellectual property rights, which may force us to alter our technologies, obtain licenses or cease some of our operations. We may also be susceptible to claims from third parties asserting infringement and other related claims. If claims or actions are asserted against us, we may be required to obtain a license, modify our existing technology or cease the use of such technology and design a new non-infringing technology. Such licenses or design modifications can be extremely costly. Furthermore, necessary licenses may not be available to us on satisfactory terms, if at all. In addition, we may decide to settle a claim or action against us, which settlement could be costly. We may also be liable for any past infringement. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_38. The GoI could enforce the increase of wages and salaries for our workmen and officers, which could increase our expenses and may adversely affect our business prospects, financial condition and operating results in the years of implementation._** 

The DPE from time to time may issue circulars/OM relating to the upward pay revision of both executives and non-unionized officers of CPSEs. This encompasses, inter alia, fitment benefits, increments, dearness allowance, house rent allowance, perks, performance related pay, superannuation benefits, among others, along with prescribing the methodology for pay fixation including pay revisions with retrospective effect. 

Additionally, trade unions representing our workmen may negotiate the wage structure of workmen from time to time due to which there will be an increase in our labor costs and consequently the costs and prices of our services, which in turn could result in a reduction in margins. Such increased employee costs may adversely affect our financial condition in the years following implementation and in case we are unable to increase productivity or to get such costs increase recovered from our customers or a combination of both, it will have adverse impact on our margins, operating results and financial condition. In addition, the price increase may make our services less competitive and adversely affect our business prospects and revenues. 

**_39. There may be significant independent press coverage about our Company and this Offer, and we strongly caution you not to place reliance on any information contained in press articles, including, in particular, any financial projections, valuations or other forward-looking information, and any statements that are inconsistent with the information contained in this RHP._** 

37 

There may be significant press coverage about our Company and this Offer, that may include financial projections, valuations and other forward-looking information, as well as statements that are inconsistent or conflict with the information contained in this RHP. We do not accept any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of such press articles, and we make no representation or warranty as to the appropriateness, accuracy, completeness or reliability of any of the projections, valuations, forward-looking information, or of any assumptions underlying such projections, valuations, forward-looking information or any statements are inconsistent or conflict with the information contained in this RHP, included in or referred to by the media. 

# **_40. Some of the information disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus is based on information from an industry report which we have commissioned from Dun & Bradstreet._** 

This Red Herring Prospectus includes information that is derived from an industry report dated January 18, 2019 titled _“E-Commerce Industry in India with focus on B2B Segment”_ (“ **D&B Report** ”), prepared by Dun & Bradstreet, a research house, pursuant to an engagement with the Company. We commissioned this report for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the e-commerce and trading industries in India. Neither we, nor the BRLM, nor any other person connected with the Offer has verified the information in the commissioned report. Dun & Bradstreet has advised that while it has taken due care and caution in preparing the commissioned report, which is based on information obtained from sources that it considers reliable (“ **Information** ”), it does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the Information and disclaims responsibility for any errors or omissions in the Information or for the results obtained from the use of the Information. The commissioned report also highlights certain industry and market data, which may be subject to assumptions. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which we conduct our business, and methodologies and assumptions vary widely among different industry sources. Further, such assumptions may change based on various factors. 

We cannot assure you that Dun & Bradstreet’s assumptions are correct or will not change and, accordingly, our position in the market may differ, favorably or unfavorably, from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, the commissioned report is not a recommendation to invest in our Company. Dun & Bradstreet has disclaimed all financial liability in case of any loss suffered on account of reliance on any information contained in the D&B Report. Prospective investors are advised not to unduly rely on the commissioned report or extracts thereof as included in this Draft Herring Prospectus, when making their investment decisions. 

# **_41. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our future cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and financial condition._** 

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. In accordance with the CPSE Capital Restructuring Guidelines, our Company is required to pay a minimum annual dividend of 30% of its profit after tax or 5% of its net worth, whichever is higher, unless an exemption is provided in accordance with this guideline. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and subsequent approval of shareholders and will depend on factors that our Board and shareholders deem relevant/or, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends at any point in the future. For details of dividend paid by our Company in the past, refer to the section titled “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 168 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_42. Certain Equity Shares held in IEPF are not tradeable, and the liquidity of those shares are subject to the claims by requisite owners._** 

Pursuant to the approval of the Shareholders dated December 26, 2018 and the board meeting dated January 11, 2019, our Company has allotted 35,200,000 bonus shares in the ratio of 1:1 to all its shareholders. However, our Company has not been able to allot bonus shares to the certain shareholders who do not have a demat account. Such number of Equity Shares held by the respective shareholders in physical mode will not be tradeable until the holders of such Equity Shares opens a demat account and dematerialize such physical shares. 

Further, as per Section 124 (6) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rules made thereunder, our Company has transferred all such Equity Shares to the demat account of IEPF on November 22, 2017 in respect of which dividend has remained unclaimed in accordance with the applicable law. Such Equity Shares transferred to the demat account of IEPF will not be tradeable until such time the same are claimed by their respective holders. Once such claim is made by the respective holders of the Equity Shares and also upon the conversion of the physical shares into demat form by the respective shareholders are complete, then the liquidity of such Equity Shares will increase thereby allowing tradability of such Equity Shares. 

38 

**_43. Our Subsidiary is dependent on the contracts awarded by SAIL based on the nomination policy of the MoS, and the discontinuation of such contracts due to any change in the nomination policy may adversely the business of our Subsidiary._** 

Our Subsidiary had been undertaking the work of handling and processing of slag and recovery/processing of metallic scrap from Bhilai steel plant, Durgapur steel plant and Bokaro steel plant of SAIL since 2008 through various memorandum of understandings (“ **MoU** ”). Such contracts were awarded in favour of our Subsidiary on nomination basis, without any competitive bidding process, pursuant to an order dated August 28, 2008 passed by Ministry of Steel, based on a report dated May 14, 2008 of the Expert Committee (“ **Committee** ”), constituted under the directions issued by the Department of Public Enterprise vide its letter dated November 21, 2007. However, such practice was challenged in the writ petition bearing no. 33074 of 2013 filed before the High Court at Calcutta by International Commerce Limited and Mr. Shree Kumar Lakhotia. Vide its order dated January 25, 2019 corrected on January 30, 2019 and received by our Subsidiary on February 5, 2019, the High Court at Calcutta has quashed the decision of SAIL to award the contract to our Subsidiary on a nomination basis. Our Subsidiary has filed an appeal dated February 15, 2019 against the order of the High Court at Calcutta and a stay petition for the stay of the aforementioned order which is pending with High Court at Calcutta. 

Though our Subsidiary is presently in performance of the contract under the MoU executed on May 02, 2018 which is valid upto March 31, 2019, there can be no assurance regarding the future contracts due to uncertainty of the outcome of the aforementioned appeal. Our Subsidiary is dependent on such contracts for majority of the revenues. In the event, the matter is decided against our Subsiriary and our Subsidiary is unable to receive contracts from SAIL, on competitive basis on similar terms or at all, it will have an adverse impact on financials of our Subsidiary and our consolidated financials. For further details, please refer to the section titled “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 259 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **External Risk Factors** 

**_44. Any factors that negatively affect the growth and profitability of the e-commerce industry in India or the Internet as a medium for e-commerce in India could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and prospects._** 

Our future operating results will depend on numerous factors affecting the development of e-commerce, which may be beyond our control. These factors include the rate of growth of personal computers, tablets, mobile devices, Internet and broadband usage and penetration, extant laws, regulations and policies governing online commerce, consumer confidence in online commerce, media publicity regarding online commerce, concerns on online data privacy and general economic conditions globally and in particular India. In particular, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (“ **GDPR** ”) has taken effect from May 25, 2018, which may result in more restrictive privacy-related requirements for entities outside the European Union that process personally identifiable information about European data subjects. We may fail to comply with any of these requirements, and compliance with these requirements may increase our compliance burden and costs. Further, if e-commerce in India and Internet adoption by Indian SMEs do not continue to develop as we expect them to, or if we fail to identify and anticipate changes in trends and preferences in the e-commerce industry and address them in time or at all, our business, financial condition and results of operations and prospects will be materially and adversely affected. The continued growth in our revenue is substantially dependent upon the widespread acceptance and use of the Internet as a medium for commerce by businesses. In particular, rapid growth in the use of the Internet and other online services is still a relatively recent phenomenon in India, and we cannot assure you that this trend will continue, that Internet penetration among Indian suppliers, particularly SMEs will increase or that a sufficiently broad base of buyers will adopt and continue to use the Internet as a medium of commerce. As a result, growth in our user base and our e-marketplace is dependent on attracting to our e-marketplace suppliers and buyers who have historically used traditional channels of commerce to sell and purchase products and services. 

Concerns about fraud, privacy, lack of trust and other problems may also discourage businesses from adopting the Internet as a medium of commerce. If these concerns are not adequately addressed, they may inhibit the growth of e-commerce and communications. In addition, if a well-publicized breach of Internet security or privacy were to occur, general Internet usage could decline, which could reduce the use of our services and products and impede our growth. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects will suffer to the extent the Internet, the e-commerce industry and the use of the Internet as a medium of commerce in India do not continue to grow. 

> **_45. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

39 

The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located in other countries, including India. Negative economic developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficits, or a default on national debt, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 

We are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in which we operate. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. Demand for our services may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional and global economies. Economic growth is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports, global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall which affects agricultural production. Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Also, a change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could adversely affect economic conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular and high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our revenues, and as such decrease our operating margins. 

# **_46. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, pandemic disease and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighboring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_47. Our business activities may be affected by competition law in India and any adverse application or interpretation of the Competition Act could in turn adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act was enacted to prevent practices that have or are likely to have an adverse effect on competition in India. Under the Competition Act, any arrangement, understanding or action, whether formal or informal, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition is void and attracts substantial penalties. 

Further, any agreement among competitors which, directly or indirectly, involves determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, or shares the market by way of geographical area or number of subscribers in the relevant market is presumed to have an appreciable adverse effect in the relevant market in India and is void.  The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. It also requires acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to, and pre-approved by, the CCI. Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued the Competition Commission of India (Procedure for Transaction of Business Relating to Combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. 

The Competition Act aims to, among other things, prohibit all agreements and transactions which may have an appreciable adverse effect in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by our Company could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any questionable activity outside of India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an appreciable adverse effect 

40 

in India. The impact of the Competition Act on our agreements and business cannot be predicted with certainty at this stage. There can be no assurance that we will not become a party to a legal proceeding regarding competition. If we are affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI or if any prohibition or substantial penalties are levied under the Competition Act, it would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

# **_48. The new bankruptcy code in India may affect our rights to recover receivables or force us to make payables._** 

The Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (“ **Bankruptcy Code** ”) was notified on August 5, 2016. The Bankruptcy Code offers a uniform and comprehensive insolvency legislation encompassing all companies, partnerships and individuals (other than financial firms). It allows creditors to assess the viability of a debtor as a business decision and agree upon a plan for its revival or a speedy liquidation. The Bankruptcy Code creates a new institutional framework, consisting of a regulator, insolvency professionals, information utilities and adjudicatory mechanisms, which will facilitate a formal and time-bound insolvency resolution and liquidation process. In case insolvency proceedings are initiated against a debtor to our Company, we may not have complete control over the recovery of amounts due to us. Under the Bankruptcy Code, upon invocation of an insolvency resolution process, a committee of creditors is constituted by the interim resolution professional, wherein each financial creditor is given a voting share proportionate to the debts owed to it. Any decision of the committee of creditors must be taken by a vote of not less than 75% of the voting share of all financial creditors. Any resolution plan approved by committee of creditors is binding upon all creditors, even if they vote against it. In case a liquidation process is opted for, the Bankruptcy Code provides for a fixed order of priority in which proceeds from the sale of the debtor’s assets are to be distributed. Before sale proceeds are distributed to a secured creditor, they are to be distributed for the costs of the insolvency resolution and liquidation processes, debts owed to workmen and other employees, and debts owed to unsecured credits. Further, under this process, dues owed to the Central and State Governments rank at par with those owed to secured creditors. Moreover, other secured creditors may decide to opt out of the process, in which case they are permitted to realise their security interests in priority. Accordingly, if the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code are invoked against any of the borrowers of our Company, it may affect our Company’s ability to recover our loans from the borrowers and enforcement of our Company’s rights will be subject to the Bankruptcy Code. 

# **_49. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of corporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes, including the instances mentioned below, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. 

- the Government of India has issued a notification dated September 29, 2016 notifying Income Computation and Disclosure Standards (“ **ICDS** ”), thereby creating a new framework for the computation of taxable income. The ICDS became applicable from the assessment year for Fiscal 2018 and subsequent years. The adoption of ICDS is expected to significantly alter the way companies compute their taxable income, as ICDS deviates from several concepts that are followed under general accounting standards, including Indian GAAP and Ind AS. In addition, ICDS shall be applicable for the computation of income for tax purposes but shall not be applicable for the computation of income for minimum alternate tax. There can be no assurance that the adoption of ICDS will not adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

- the General Anti Avoidance Rules (“ **GAAR** ”) have been made effective from April 1, 2017. The tax consequences of the GAAR provisions being applied to an arrangement could result in denial of tax benefit amongst other consequences. In the absence of any precedents on the subject, the application of these provisions is uncertain. If the GAAR provisions are made applicable to our Company, it may have an adverse tax impact on us. 

- a comprehensive national GST regime that combines taxes and levies by the Central and State Governments into a unified rate structure, which came into effect from July 1, 2017. We cannot provide any assurance as to any aspect of the tax regime following implementation of the GST. Any future increases or amendments may affect the overall tax efficiency of companies operating in India and may result in significant additional taxes becoming payable. If, as a result of a particular tax risk materializing, the tax costs associated with certain transactions are greater than anticipated, it could affect the profitability of such 

41 

transactions. 

In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

Any increase in taxes and levies, or the imposition of new taxes and levies in the future, could increase the cost of production and operating expenses. Taxes and other levies imposed by the central or state governments in India that affect our industry include customs duties, excise duties, sales tax, income tax and other taxes, duties or surcharges introduced on a permanent or temporary basis from time to time. The central and state tax scheme in India is extensive and subject to change from time to time. Any adverse changes in any of the taxes levied by the central or state governments may adversely affect our competitive position and profitability. 

# **_50. Financial instability in both Indian and international financial markets could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition._** 

The Indian financial market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly in emerging market in Asian countries. Financial turmoil in Asia, Europe, the United States and elsewhere in the world in recent years has affected the Indian economy. Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have an adverse effect on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. A loss in investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any global financial instability, including further deterioration of credit conditions in the U.S. market, could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy. Financial disruptions may occur again and could harm our results of operations and financial condition. 

The Indian economy is also influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries. This includes, but is not limited to, the conditions in the United States, Europe and certain economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia and elsewhere in the world in recent years has affected the Indian economy. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and its business. 

Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby impact the Indian economy. Financial disruptions in the future could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. The global credit and equity markets have experienced substantial dislocations, liquidity disruptions and market corrections. 

These could include further falls in stock exchange indices and greater volatility of markets in general due to the increased uncertainty. These and other related events could have a significant impact on the global credit and financial markets as a whole, and could result in reduced liquidity, greater volatility, widening of credit spreads and a lack of price transparency in the global credit and financial markets. There are also concerns that a tightening of monetary policy in emerging markets and some developed markets will lead to a moderation in global growth. 

In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, have implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term impact of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have had the intended stabilizing effects. Any significant financial disruption in the future could have an adverse effect on our cost of funding, loan portfolio, business, future financial performance and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_51. Investors in the Equity Shares may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us._** 

We are a public company incorporated under the laws of India. All our directors and key managerial personnel named in this Red Herring Prospectus are residents of India. Further, our assets are primarily located in India. As 

42 

a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process upon us or such persons, or to enforce judgments obtained against us or such persons in jurisdictions outside India. The recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments in India is governed by Sections 13 and 44A of the Code of Civil Procedure, which provide that a suit must be brought in India within three years from the date of the judgment sought to be enforced. Generally, there are considerable delays in the disposal of suits by Indian courts. It is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were to be brought in India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if that court was of the view that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. 

# **_52. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and, subsequently, converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Equity Shareholders. The exchange rate between the Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future. This in turn may have an adverse effect on the trading price of our Equity Shares and returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

# **_53. Government regulation of foreign ownership of Indian securities may have an adverse effect on the price of the Equity Shares._** 

Foreign ownership of Indian securities is subject to GoI regulation. In accordance with foreign exchange regulations currently in effect in India, under certain circumstances the RBI must approve the sale of the Equity Shares from a non-resident to a resident of India or vice-versa if the sale does not meet certain requirements specified by the RBI. Additionally, any person who seeks to convert the Rupee proceeds from any such sale into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India is required to obtain a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities, if any. As provided in the foreign exchange controls currently in effect in India, the RBI has provided that the price at which the Equity Shares are transferred be calculated in accordance with internationally accepted pricing methodology for the valuation of shares at an arm’s length basis, and a higher (or lower, as applicable) price per share may not be permitted. However, where shares of an Indian company are listed on a recognized stock exchange in India, the price of shares transferred by way of sale shall not be less than the price at which a preferential allotment of shares can be made under the SEBI Guidelines, as applicable, provided that the same is determined for such duration as specified therein, preceding the relevant date, which shall be the date of purchase or sale of shares or in accordance with SEBI guidelines, as the case may be. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other government agency can be obtained on terms favorable to a non-resident investor in a timely manner or at all. Because of possible delays in obtaining requisite approvals, investors in the Equity Shares may be prevented from realizing gains during periods of price increase or limiting losses during periods of price decline. 

**_54. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book-building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results of our Company, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in the Stock Exchanges, securities markets in other jurisdictions, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

43 

# **_55. There are restrictions on daily movements in the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may adversely affect a shareholder’s ability to sell Equity Shares or the price at which Equity Shares can be sold at a particular point in time._** 

Our listed Equity Shares will be subject to a daily “circuit breaker” imposed on listed companies by the Stock Exchanges, which does not allow transactions beyond certain volatility in the trading price of the Equity Shares. This circuit breaker operates independently of the index-based market-wide circuit breakers generally imposed by SEBI on Indian stock exchanges. The percentage limit on the Equity Shares’ circuit breaker will be set by the Stock Exchanges based on historical volatility in the price and trading volume of the Equity Shares. The Stock Exchanges are not required to inform our Company of the percentage limit of the circuit breaker, and they may change the limit without our knowledge. This circuit breaker would effectively limit the upward and downward movements in the trading price of the Equity Shares. As a result of this circuit breaker, there can be no assurance regarding the ability of shareholders to sell Equity Shares or the price at which shareholders may be able to sell their Equity Shares. 

# **_56. You will not be able to immediately sell any of the Equity Shares you purchase in this Offer on the Stock Exchanges._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the BSE and the NSE. Pursuant to Indian regulations, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading may commence. Upon receipt of final approval from the Stock Exchanges, trading in the Equity Shares is to commence within six (6) working days of the date of closure of the Offer or such other time as may be prescribed by SEBI. We cannot assure that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors' demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time period prescribed by law.  Further there can be no assurance that the Equity Shares to be Allotted pursuant to this Offer will be listed on the Stock Exchanges in a timely manner or at all, and any trading closures at the stock exchange may adversely affect the trading price of the equity shares. 

# **_57. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of Equity Shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. As per the Finance Act, 2018, long term capital gains exceeding ₹ 100,000 arising from sale of Equity Shares on or after April 1, 2018 are taxable subject to the grandfathering provision. Accordingly, you will be subject to payment of long-term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of Securities Transaction Tax (“ **STT** ”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than twelve (12) months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of twelve (12) months or less will be subject to short-term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares may be partially exempt or exempt from taxation in India in cases where such exemption is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

# **_58. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

# **_59. Additional issuances of equity may dilute your holdings._** 

Any future equity issuances by us, including in a primary offering or pursuant to a preferential allotment or issuances of stock options under employee stock option plans, or any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may lead to the dilution of investor shareholding in our Company or affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and could affect our ability to raise capital through an offering of our securities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will not issue additional Equity Shares. The disposal of Equity Shares by our Promoter, or the perception that such sales may occur may significantly affect the trading price of 

44 

the Equity Shares. Except as disclosed in “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 62 of this Red Herring Prospectus, we cannot assure you that our Promoter will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

# **_60. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholder in consultation with the BRLM through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 84 of this Red Herring Prospectus and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that the investor will be able to sell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

45 

