# **SECTION III - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are now deemed immaterial, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could suffer, the price of the Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. Investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about particular consequences to them of an investment in the Offer. The financial and other related implications of the risk factors, wherever quantifiable, have been disclosed in the risk factors mentioned below. However, there are certain risk factors where the financial impact is not quantifiable and, therefore, such financial impact cannot be disclosed in such risk factors. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. See section “Forward-Looking Statements” beginning on page 19._ 

_To obtain a complete understanding, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with the sections “Our Business”, “Industry Overview” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 223, 117 and 381, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_The restated consolidated financial information for Fiscal 2020 and the nine months ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 is not directly comparable with the restated unconsolidated financial information for Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020 and the nine months ended December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2020 given that we incorporated a subsidiary in such later period. Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information for Fiscals 2018, 2019, and 2020 and the nine months ended December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2020 included herein is derived from on our Restated Unconsolidated Financial Information, included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Restated Unconsolidated Financial Information” and “Restated Consolidated Financial Information” on pages 287 and 335, respectively. Further, unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, all operational information included herein for Fiscals 2018 and 2019 is on an unconsolidated basis, while all such information for Fiscal 2020 and the nine months ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 is on a consolidated basis._ 

# **INTERNAL RISKS** 

**_1. We depend on Bloom Energy Inc. (“Bloom Energy”) and a limited number of other customers for a significant portion of our revenue. The loss of one or more of our top three customers or a significant reduction in demand for our products from such top three customers, our failure to succeed in tendering for projects for them in the future despite our previous track record, or a decline in their business performance may adversely affect our business, financial condition, result of operations and cash flows._** 

A significant proportion of our revenues have historically been derived from Bloom Energy, our top customer in terms of contribution to our revenue from operations. The contribution of Bloom Energy as a percentage of the revenue from operations of our Company for the Fiscals ended March 31, 2018, March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020, and the nine months ended December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2020 is 49.14%, 61.43%, 64.53%, 71.01% and 49.33% respectively. There is no guarantee that we shall retain the business of Bloom Energy or maintain our current levels of business with them in the future. In the event there is an adverse change in the supply chain strategies of Bloom Energy, or a reduction in their outsourcing of the products we offer, or if they choose our competitors over us, our revenues shall be impacted adversely, which may lead to a significant impact on our financial condition and cash flows. 

In addition, our Company relies on a limited number of customers for a considerable portion of the remainder of our revenue. Some of our customers have been associated with us for over four decades. Our long-standing relationship with customers such as Bloom Energy, the Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited (“ **NPCIL** ”), the Indian Space Research Organisation (“ **ISRO** ”) and the Defence Research and Development Organisation 

29 

(“ **DRDO** ”) is as a result of us being continually and successfully able to supply complex products to them. We have been supplying products such as liquid propulsion engines to ISRO for over three decades and critical components to DRDO for over four decades. 

As at December 31, 2020, our Company catered to 39 customers. Of these, the contribution of our top three customers as a percentage of revenue from operations of our Company during the Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020, and in the nine months ended December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2020 is as follows: 

# _Fiscal 2018_ 

|**S. No.**|**Customer**|**% contribution in the**<br>**revenue from operations**|
|---|---|---|
|1.|Bloom Energy<br>|49.14|
|2.|Nuclear PowerCorporationof IndiaLimited|27.99|
|3.|Liquid Propulsion Systems Centre, Indian Space Research Organisation|8.08|
||**TOTAL**|**85.21**|
|_Fiscal 2019_<br>**S. No.**|<br>**Customer**|**% contribution in the**<br>**revenue from operations**|
|1.|Bloom Energy|61.43|
|2.|Nuclear PowerCorporationof IndiaLimited|12.29|
|3.|Liquid Propulsion Systems Centre, Indian Space Research Organisation|11.15|
||**TOTAL**|**84.87 **|
|_Fiscal 2020_<br>**S. No.**|<br>**Customer**|**% contribution in the**<br>**revenue from operations**|
|1.|Bloom Energy|64.53|
|2.|Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited|10.95|
|3.|Liquid Propulsion Systems Centre, Indian Space Research Organisation|8.07|
||**TOTAL**|**83.55**|



_Nine months ended December 31, 2019_ 

|**S. No.**|**Customer**|**% contribution in the**<br>**revenue from operations**|
|---|---|---|
|1.|Bloom Energy|71.01|
|2.|Liquid Propulsion Systems Centre, Indian Space Research Organisation|8.57|
|3.|Nuclear PowerCorporationof IndiaLimited|7.01|
||**TOTAL**|**86.59**|
|_Nine month_<br>**S. No.**|_s ended December 31, 2020_<br>**Customer**|**% contribution in the**<br>**revenue from operations**|
|1.|Bloom Energy|49.33|
|2.|Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited|23.07|
|3.|LiquidPropulsionSystems Centre,IndianSpaceResearchOrganisation|7.63|
||**TOTAL**|**80.03**|



Reliance on a limited number of customers for our business may generally involve several risks. These risks may include, but are not limited to, reduction, delay or cancellation of orders from our top three customers; failure to negotiate favourable terms with these key customers; the loss of one or more of these customers due to changes in their supply chain strategy, reduction in their outsourcing requirements or preference being given to our competitors, or otherwise; all of which would have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and future prospects of our Company. In order to retain some of our existing customers, we may also be required to offer terms to such customers which may place constraints on our resources. 

30 

In addition, we generally do not have long-term purchase agreements with any of our customers, and instead rely on short term purchase orders. Accordingly, while maintaining strong relationships with our key customers is essential, being able to consistently supply products as per the specific requirement of the customer, irrespective of our previous track record, is equally important to our business strategy and to the growth of our business. 

Further, our customers may require us to commit additional resources or may require us to undertake additional obligations which have the effect of increasing our operating costs and therefore, affect our profitability. A decline in our customers’ business performance may also lead to a corresponding decrease in demand for our products. In addition, our customers, especially in the nuclear, and defence and space sectors, follow the competitive bidding process and due to such procurement policy and competition, we may suffer loss of new business from existing customers. The volume of work performed for these customers may vary from period to period and we may not be the exclusive mission critical precision components supplier for such customers. If any of our major customers cease to have business dealings with us or at all, or materially reduce the level or frequency of their orders for new precision components from us and we are unable to secure new orders from other sources to replace such a loss or reduction, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects will be adversely affected. 

The loss of any existing key customer, may significantly affect our revenues, and we may have difficulty securing comparable levels of business from other customers or secure new customers to offset any loss of revenue from the loss of any of our existing key customers. As a consequence of our reliance on such customers, any adverse change in the financial condition of these customers may also have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and future benefits. 

**_2. We depend significantly on orders from the NPCIL, ISRO and DRDO. A decline or reprioritisation of funding in the Indian budget towards the respective departments of the Government of India under which these customers operate, or delays in the budget process could adversely affect our ability to grow or maintain our sales, earnings, and cash flow. Further, the liberalisation of the defence or space sectors to allow the entry of private and foreign companies may increase the level of competition we face, and there is no assurance that we shall be able to compete effectively._** 

We presently derive and expect to continue to derive a significant amount of our revenue from work performed for the NPCIL, ISRO and DRDO. However, their orders to us depend upon the continuing availability of budgets extended to the respective departments of the Government of India under which these customers operate. Our future revenues are reliant on the continuing availability of such budgetary appropriations and any disruptions or reductions to the availability of such appropriations or unavailability of funds to such departments, could have an adverse impact on the funding of these orders and consequently, adversely affect our revenues. 

Further, continued economic challenges may place pressure on the Government budgets and allocation of spending. While we believe that our programmes are well aligned with India's national nuclear, space and defence programmes and other related priorities, shifts in domestic spending and tax policy, changes in security levels, defence, and intelligence priorities, general economic conditions and developments, and other factors may affect a decision to fund, or the amount of funding available to, existing or proposed nuclear, space or defence programmes. Under such conditions, large or complex projects are potentially subject to performance challenges. In addition, in the event the number of space launches undertaken by ISRO is reduced due to reasons including COVID-19, there would be a delay in the provision of the free issue materials to us by our customers and consequently, our business would be adversely impacted. In view of such challenges faced by us, there is no guarantee that our customers will continue to place orders at the same levels as they have in the past or if at all in the future. 

While we generally procure orders through participation in open tenders, going forward and with the liberalisation of defence sector to allow private and foreign companies to participate in defence contracts, we will be required to participate in a more competitive bidding process. Such competitive bidding process shall entail managerial time to prepare bids and proposals for contracts and may require us to resort to price cuts in order to secure orders which may not be awarded to us or may be split with our competitors. Following an award, we may encounter significant expenses, delays, contract modifications, or even loss of such orders if our competitors protest or challenge the orders that are awarded to us. In addition, the commercialisation of the Indian space sector and privatisation through ISRO’s commercial arm, could open up opportunities for new players ( _Source: Company Commissioned CRISIL Report_ ). Further, according to the Company Commissioned CRISIL Report, the Government of India has sanctioned manufacture of 10 fleet reactors with a combined generation capacity of 7,000 MWe. However, if this does not materialise including due to change in any of the policies of the Government, our future Order Book from the domestic customers may be significantly affected. Our customers 

31 

may face budget constraints, have availability of more affordable solutions, and reduce product and technology development cycles. To remain competitive, we must keep abreast with the modern technological practices, and consistently provide products with superior performance and capability to our customers, advanced technology solutions and service at an affordable cost. Our inability to successfully do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and/ or our operating results. 

**_3. We primarily rely on purchase orders to govern the volume and other terms of the sales of our products. We do not have long-term supply agreements with our customers. If our customers choose not to source their requirements from us or manufacture such products in-house, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

We do not have long-term supply agreements with our customers and instead rely on short term purchase orders to govern the volume and other terms of our sales of products. The purchase orders we receive from our customers specify the price per unit, delivery schedule, and the quantities to be delivered. However, while such orders have not been amended or cancelled previously, they may, in future, be amended or cancelled. While we generally procure raw materials only upon receipt of purchase orders from our customers, should there be an amendment or cancellation of such purchase orders, our revenue and production schedules may be adversely impacted. 

Additionally, our customers have high and stringent standards for product quantity and quality as well as delivery schedules. Any failure to meet our customers’ expectations and specifications could result in the cancellation or non-renewal of contracts or purchase orders. There are also a number of factors, other than our performance that could cause the loss of a customer. Customers may demand, among others, price reductions, set-off any payment obligations, require indemnification for themselves or their affiliates, change their outsourcing strategy by moving more work in-house, or replace their existing products with alternative products, any of which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, presence of major defense organizations in Hyderabad not only provides us access to the critical research and development (“ **R&D** ”) and high-volume projects, but also allows for ease of coordination, specifically in terms of our collaborative R&D efforts, as well as for subsequent close monitoring of manufacture and quality control processes, thereby giving us an advantage over the other players located in other regions. However, any of such customers may choose to relocate to a new location for their business operations or there may be a disruption in the manufacturing operations of such customers in which case, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Accordingly, we face the risk that our customers might not place any order or might place orders of lesser thanexpected size or cancel an existing order or make changes in their policies which may result in reduced quantities being manufactured by us for our customers. Reductions, cancellations, or instructions to delay production (thereby delaying delivery of products manufactured by us) by a significant customer could adversely affect our results of operations by reducing our sales volume, as well as by possibly causing delay in our customers’ paying us for the order placed for purchasing the inventory with us which we would have manufactured for them. Customers may also choose to engage an alternative supplier or manufacture the products in-house. We may not find any customers or purchasers for the surplus or excess capacity, in which case we would be forced to incur a loss. Consequently, as there is no commitment on the part of the customer to continue to place new orders with us, our sales from period to period may fluctuate significantly as a result of changes in our customers’ preferences. 

In addition, we make significant decisions, including determining the levels of business that we will seek and accept, production schedules, personnel requirements and other resource requirements, based on our estimates of customer orders. The changes in demand for their products (which are in turn manufactured by us) could reduce our ability to estimate accurately future customer requirements, make it difficult to schedule production and limit our ability to maximize utilization of our manufacturing capacity. The requirements of our customers, while primarily for precision components and assemblies, are not restricted to one type of product and therefore variations in demand for certain types of products also requires us to make certain changes in our manufacturing processes thereby affecting our production schedules. We often increase staffing, increase capacity and incur other expenses to meet the anticipated demand of our customers, which could cause reductions in our margins if an order gets delayed, modified, or cancelled. 

**_4. We are subject to strict quality standards. Any failure to comply with such quality standards may lead to cancellation of existing and future orders which may adversely affect our reputation, financial conditions, cash flows and results of operations._** 

32 

We are a precision engineering solutions company engaged in the manufacture of mission critical precision components with close tolerances (5-10 microns), and in critical assemblies, to serve projects of high national importance, through our precision machining, assembly, testing, quality control, and specialized fabrication competencies. Given the nature of our products and the sectors which we cater to, our customers have high and exacting standards for product quality as well as delivery schedules. Adherence to quality standards is a critical factor in our manufacturing process as any defects in the products manufactured by our Company or failure to comply with the technical specifications or quality standards of our customers may lead to cancellation of the orders placed by our customers. Further, any failure to make timely deliveries of products in the desired quantity as per our customers’ requirements could also result in the cancellation of orders placed by our customers and may adversely affect our reputation and goodwill. 

Additionally, prior to placing the orders, there is a detailed review process that is undertaken by some of our customers. This may involve inspection of the manufacturing facilities, review of the manufacturing processes, review of the raw materials, review of our financial capabilities, technical review of the designs and specification of the proposed product, review of our logistical capabilities, review of the target price by the purchase team of the customer and multiple inspection and review of prototypes of the product. The finished product delivered by us is also further subject to laboratory validation by certain customers. While there have been no material cases of rejection of our products pursuant to such validation in the past, we cannot assure you that there may not be any rejections in future. Further, typically under our purchase orders, we are solely responsible for safely delivering the products to our customers. We are therefore subject to a rigorous quality control mechanism at each stage of the manufacturing process and are required to maintain the quality and precision level for each product, including for delivery of such product. Additionally, some of our purchase orders also specify that the customer may undertake an inspection of our manufacturing facilities without prior intimation. As a result, we are required to undertake extensive and stringent measures to maintain our quality assurance systems such as periodic checking by the quality inspectors to ensure that there is no defect from the previous stage, forming a separate team of engineers responsible for quality and assurance both in the manufacturing facilities and machineries, and in the manufacturing processes. We will continue to adhere to such stringent measures to manage our product quality and to maintain our quality control, a failure of which may negatively impact our profitability. 

**_5. The number of orders we have received in the past and our current Order Book may not be indicative of our future growth rate or the number of orders we will receive in the future._** 

Our Order Book on hand, as of a certain date, represents the total value of contracts that have not been executed as of such date. As on December 31, 2020, our Company’s aggregate Order Book was ₹ 3,361.91 million, comprising Order Book in the clean energy sector, the nuclear sector and the space and defence sectors, of ₹ 801.86 million, ₹ 931.86 million and ₹ 1,606.10 million, respectively. The successful conversion of these orders into our revenue depends on a number of factors including, among other things, absence of adverse changes in the sectors we serve, our production capacity, our research and development and our ability to deliver the products on time. Some of the factors are beyond our control and by nature, are subject to uncertainty. While there have been no instances of cancellation of purchase orders in the past, going forward, our Order Book may be affected by delays, cancellations and the renegotiations of the contracts, if any, and therefore, we cannot assure you that we will be able to deliver all of our existing orders on schedule and successfully turn them into our revenue. Therefore, you should not consider our Order Book as an accurate indicator of our future performance or future revenue. Our Company is in the process of establishing an additional manufacturing facility at Adibatla in Hyderabad which shall be a sheet metal facility and shall allow us to undertake sheet metal jobs for Bloom Energy, ISRO and certain other customers. Our Company is also planning to construct an additional shed for specialized fabrication to supply products to our domestic as well as our international customers. If our Company is unable to build up a robust Order Book or our customers do not place any significant orders with us or at all, as required for these projects, our cash flows may be significantly adversely impacted. 

We have grown steadily in the last few years. Our total income and restated profit for the year have increased from ₹ 1,605.45 million and ₹ 54.23 million in Fiscal 2018, to ₹ 2,181.42 million and ₹ 313.18 million in Fiscal 2020, at a CAGR of 16.56% and 140.31%, respectively. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain our past growth rate or secure the same number of orders we have received in the past. Our past growth rate or secured orders should not be relied upon as indicators of our future growth rate or orders we will receive in the future. To the extent that we experience any significant decrease in demand for our products, increase in competition or increase in the prices of raw materials, equipment and components, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. Our continuous growth depends on a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the impact on demand for our products 

33 

resulting from the macroeconomic policies of the Indian Government and governments in other countries, the level of competition in India and sectors in which we conduct business and the prices we pay for raw materials. 

Furthermore, we face risks of a low growth rate because the orders placed by some of our customers are typically non-recurring in nature. As a result, we cannot assure you that we will receive the same number of orders as or more orders than we have received in the past or that the contract value of the Order Book will remain the same or increase in the future. Accordingly, you should not take the number of orders we have received in the past or the current value of our order book as an indicator of our performance or numbers of orders in the future. 

**_6. The COVID-19 pandemic and resulting deterioration of general economic conditions has impacted our business and results of operations in the past and the extent to which it will impact our future business and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are difficult to predict._** 

The recent coronavirus disease 2019 (“ **COVID-19** ”), which has been declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization was first reported in Wuhan, China. While COVID-19 spread to many other countries, with the number of reported cases and related deaths increasing daily and, in many countries, exponentially, India has emerged as one of the countries with highest confirmed cases of infection. The rapid spread of COVID-19 and the global health concerns relating to this outbreak have had a severe negative impact on, among other things, financial markets, liquidity, economic conditions and trade and could continue to do so or could worsen for an unknown period of time, that could in turn have a material adverse impact on our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. The extent to which the COVID-19 outbreak impacts our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition in the future, will depend on further developments, including the timeliness and effectiveness of actions taken or not taken to contain and mitigate the effects of COVID-19 both in India and internationally by governments, central banks, healthcare providers, health system participants, other businesses and individuals, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 

There is currently substantial medical uncertainty regarding COVID-19 and no government-certified treatment or vaccine is available in India. A rapid increase in severe cases and deaths where measures taken by governments fail or are lifted prematurely may cause unprecedented economic disruption in India and in the rest of the world. The extent of the resulting impact on our business and results of operations will depend, among other things, on the duration and severity of the pandemic, the nature and scope of government actions to contain it, and the potential impact on global and national economic conditions, including inflation, interest rates, availability of capital markets, consumer spending rates, energy availability and costs (including fuel surcharges). The COVID19 pandemic and related volatility in financial markets and deterioration of national and global economic conditions could affect our business and operations in a variety of ways. For example, on account of the nationwide lockdown, we experienced operational disruptions as a result of the following: 

- a temporary shutdown of our manufacturing facilities due to government restrictions or illness in connection with COVID-19; 

- a decrease in demand for our products as a result of COVID-19 on account of government restrictions imposed and additionally on account of cost control measures implemented by our customers; 

- supply chain disruptions for us and our customers; 

- a significant percentage of our workforce being unable to work, including because of travel or government restrictions in connection with COVID-19, including stay at home orders; 

- delays in orders or delivery of orders, which will negatively impact our cash conversion cycle and ability to convert our backlog into cash; 

- our strategic projects getting postponed or our planned deliveries being delayed; and 

- inability to collect full or partial payments from some customers due to deterioration in customer liquidity. 

In addition, the spread of COVID-19 caused us to implement significant proactive measures to protect the health and safety of our employees, and we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or as we determine appropriate under the circumstances. However, there is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the pandemic. 

We have monitored and considered the impact of known events arising from the COVID-19 pandemic, including with respect to our liquidity and going concern and recoverable values of assets. While we have not experienced significant financial losses in the past, we cannot predict the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our customers, suppliers and other business partners, and each of their financial conditions; however, any material effect on these parties could adversely impact us. Adverse consequences of, and conditions resulting from, the 

34 

COVID-19 pandemic may remain prevalent for a significant period of time and may continue to adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition even after the COVID-19 outbreak has subsided. The RBI estimates real GDP growth in Fiscal 2021 to remain in negative territory ( _Source: RBI Governor Statement dated August 6, 2020_ ). It is possible that COVID-19 will lead to a prolonged global economic crisis or recession. 

Further, as COVID-19 adversely affects our business and results of operations, it may also have the effect of exacerbating many of the other risks described in this “ _Risk Factors_ ” section. 

**_7. Volatility in the supply of our raw materials may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our raw material suppliers could fail to meet their obligations, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The principal raw materials used for manufacture of products catered to customers in the clean energy sector are inconel sheets of various grades, to customers in the nuclear sector are specialised steels such as 17-4 PH, SS 410, 13-8 MO PH and to customers in the space and defence sectors are alloy steels and aluminium including bearing and seals. Our cost of materials consumed, for the Fiscals ended 2018, 2019 and 2020, for the nine months ended December 31, 2019 and for the nine months ended December 31, 2020 was ₹ 659.77 million, ₹ 655.32 million, ₹ 872.55 million, ₹ 638.54 million and ₹ 748.07 million, which represented 41.34%, 35.68%, 40.82%, 41.96% and 42.20%, of our revenue from operations, respectively. The aggregate amount spent for the procurement of raw materials towards our top five suppliers as a percentage of our total cost of raw materials, was 62.31%, 67.56%, 73.25%, 68.80% and 57.24%, in the Fiscals ended 2018, 2019, 2020, and in the nine months ended December 31, 2019 and in the nine months ended December 31, 2020. The individual contribution of our top five suppliers as a percentage of our total cost of raw materials for such periods is set out below: 

# _Fiscal 2018_ 

|**S. No.**||**Supplier**|**% contribution in the total cost of raw**<br>**materials**|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|Supplier 1||28.46|
|2.|Supplier 2||12.85|
|3.|Supplier 3||8.57|
|4.|Supplier 4||6.87|
|5.|Supplier 5||5.56|
|||**TOTAL**|**62.31 **|
|_Fiscal 20_|_19_|||
|**S. No.**||**Supplier**|**% contribution in the total cost of raw**<br>**materials**|
|1.|Supplier 1||27.00|
|2.|Supplier 2||17.60|
|3.|Supplier 3||8.15|
|4.|Supplier 4||7.88|
|5.|<br>Supplier5||6.93|
|||**TOTAL**|**67.56**|
|_Fiscal 20_<br>**S. No.**|_20_|**Supplier**|**% contribution in the total cost of raw**<br>**materials**|
|1.|Supplier 1||30.72|
|2.|Supplier 2||12.42|
|3.|Supplier3||11.67|
|4.|Supplier 4||9.43|
|5.|Supplier 5||9.01|
|||**TOTAL**|**73.25**|



_Nine months ended December 31, 2019_ 

35 

|**S. No.**|**Supplier**|**% contribution in the total cost of raw**<br>**materials**|
|---|---|---|
|1.|Supplier 1|32.81|
|2.|Supplier 2|13.05|
|3.|Supplier 3|10.75|
|4.|Supplier 4|8.58|
|5.|Supplier5|3.61|
||**TOTAL**|**68.80**|
|_Nine mon_<br>**S. No.**|_ths ended December 31, 2020_<br>**Supplier**|**% contribution in the total cost of raw**<br>**materials**|
|1.|Supplier 1|23.83|
|2.|Supplier 2|16.52|
|3.|Supplier 3|7.25|
|4.|Supplier 4|5.65|
|5.|Supplier 5|3.99|
||**TOTAL**|**57.24**|



We are, accordingly, significantly reliant on such suppliers to meet their obligations in supplying raw material to us. 

While we source materials from third party suppliers depending upon the requirement of a project that we undertake, in certain instances, some of the raw material for the manufacture of products are sourced from our customers, especially where such raw material is critical and sensitive. Accordingly, we are obligated to utilise such raw materials carefully, and our failure to do so, may result in us incurring significant expenses. In the event the rejection rate exceeds the stipulated thresholds, our profitability may be adversely impacted. For projects where we procure raw materials, our cash flows may still be adversely affected because of any gap in time between the date of procurement of any raw material from a third party supplier, and the date on which we can reset the component prices for our customers, to account for the increase in the prices of such raw materials. Though price escalation clauses are included in a majority of orders in the nuclear sector and the space and defence sector, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in negotiating with our customers in all its projects on an agreed price increase that will fully cover the increase in the costs. In addition, there can be no assurance that our thirdparty suppliers shall continually be able to provide us with the optimum quality of raw materials, or at all. For certain products that we manufacture, we also face the risk of a limited number of suppliers for our raw materials. Further, in a number of instances, we are specifically required to get our raw material suppliers approved by our customers for the manufacture of certain of the components. 

Raw material supply and pricing can be volatile due to a number of factors beyond our control, including global demand and supply, general economic and political conditions, transportation and labour costs, labour unrest, natural disasters, restrictions on the import of raw material, competition, import duties, tariffs and currency exchange rates and there are inherent uncertainties in estimating such variables, regardless of the methodologies and assumptions that we may use. For instance, failure of our suppliers to adhere to the delivery schedule or the required quality could hamper our production schedule and therefore affect our business and results of operations. There can be no assurance that capacity limitations or other problems experienced by our suppliers will not result in occasional shortages or delays in their supply of raw materials. If we were to experience a significant or prolonged shortage of raw materials from any of our suppliers, and we are unable to procure the raw materials from other sources on commercially acceptable terms or at all, we would be unable to meet our production schedules for our key products and to deliver such products to our customers in a timely manner, which would adversely affect our sales, margins and customer relations. 

Further, as we import certain raw materials, payments are carried out in foreign currencies. This exposes us to currency fluctuation risk. We may not be able to effectively hedge ourselves, since we have not taken any hedging policy for fluctuations in raw material prices and foreign exchange rate and this may have an adverse impact on our profitability. 

**_8. We could make investments and acquisitions in the future that involve considerable integration costs. We may be unable to sustain, manage or realize the expected benefits of such growth or may not be able to fund that growth._** 

36 

Our growth strategy will require significant capital expenditures, which we intend to fund through a combination of cash flow from operations and financing sources. For instance, our Company is in the process of establishing an additional manufacturing facility at Adibatla in Hyderabad which shall be a sheet metal facility and shall allow us to undertake sheet metal jobs for Bloom Energy, ISRO and certain other customers. Our Company is also planning to construct an additional shed for specialized fabrication to supply products to our domestic as well as our international customers. Further expansion and acquisitions may require us to incur or assume new debt, or expose us to future funding obligations or integration risks, and we cannot assure you that such expansion or acquisitions will contribute to our profitability. It is possible that we may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations or investments and that future borrowings may not be available to us on favourable terms or in an amount sufficient to enable us to realize our growth strategy. 

In particular, continued expansion increases the challenges involved in: 

- making accurate assessments of the resources we will require; 

- preserving a uniform culture, values and work environment across our projects; 

- developing and improving our internal administrative infrastructure, particularly our financial, operational, communications, internal control and other internal systems; 

- recruiting, training and retaining sufficient skilled management, technical and marketing personnel; 

- maintaining high levels of customer satisfaction; and 

- adhering to expected performance and quality standards. 

If we are unable to increase our production capacity in a timely manner or at all, we may not be able to successfully execute our growth strategy. 

Further, our future growth is dependent on our success in making the right investments at the right time to support product development and manufacturing capacity in areas where we can support our customer base. If we are unable to deepen existing relationships and/or to develop additional customer relationships, we may not only fail to realize expected rates of return on our existing investments, but we may incur losses on such investments and will be unable to timely redeploy the invested capital to take advantage of other markets, potentially resulting in losing market share to our competitors. The success of our strategy also depends in large part on the continued growth and stable economic conditions in these target markets. Any of these challenges, and the failure or delay by our management in responding to them, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_9. We may face claims and incur additional rectification costs for delays and/or defects in respect of our precision components and equipment. Further, imposition of liquidated damages and invocation of performance bank guarantees / indemnity bonds by our customers could impact our results of operations and we may face potential liabilities from lawsuits and claims by customers in the future. We may not be able to secure new contracts if we are unable to issue the requisite performance guarantees._** 

Through our product offerings, we serve customers such as the NPCIL, ISRO and the DRDO on programs of high national importance. Accordingly, ensuring that our products are faultless and conform to the specific requirements of these customers, becomes extremely critical. While our manufacturing facilities employ modern technology with extensive and stringent quality control mechanism at each stage of the production process to ensure that our finished product conforms to the exact requirement of our customers, in the event that our products are found by our customers to be defective, our contracts may be terminated. 

We may face claims by our customers in respect of such defects, poor workmanship or non-conformity to our customers’ specifications or expected quality in respect of precision components and equipment manufactured by us and such claims could be substantial. Such claims could also adversely affect our reputation and ability to grow our business. For some projects / orders, we generally extend a warranty period of 12 months to our customers for new products from the date of delivery. We are also generally required to give additional warranties for the time period between the completion of products and their expected deliveries. Due to the length of the warranty period extended by us, we may be subject to claims from our customers and we may incur additional costs if rectification work is required in order for us to satisfy our obligations during the warranty period. While we have not incurred any significant warranty costs in the past, if the costs of any rectification works exceed the warranty provisions we have made, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. 

37 

In addition, our contracts with customers typically provide for liquidated damages for delays in delivery. We have not incurred significant liquidated damages, but were required to pay certain liquidated damages for delays. The maximum extent of such liquidated damages range between 5.00% and 10.00% of the value of the delayed portion, of the supplies of the purchase order. 

Moreover, the precision component and equipment manufacturing industry is a capital intensive industry and as the contract prices for such products are generally high, we are usually required to furnish some of our customers with performance guarantees as security for the fulfilment of our contractual obligations under our contracts, against which payments and mobilization advances are released by our customers upon our execution of the contracts. In order for us to secure performance guarantees, banks and financial institutions review, among other things, our financial standing and creditworthiness. Generally, we arrange for banks to issue performance guarantees to our customers from our available banking facilities. If we do not have available banking facilities to issue the performance guarantees, we approach other banks or financial institutions to issue the performance guarantee. While we have been able to procure performance guarantees for new contracts to date, in the event that we are unable to do so and we are unable to satisfy the financial requirements prescribed by banks and financial institutions, we will not be able to procure the requisite performance guarantees and as a result, we may be unable to secure new contracts, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Further, these performance bank guarantees and indemnity bonds require us to incur liabilities for and on behalf of our customers against all losses and damages incurred by them due to any breach of the terms and conditions of such contracts by us or due to the acts and omissions of our vendors and suppliers. We have in the past been required to incur such liabilities for our customers. 

We cannot assure you that future contracts (entered / to be entered into by us) can be completed profitably. Any time and/ or cost overruns on our contracts could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The incurring of liabilities pursuant to the imposition of liquidated damages as well as invocation of performance bank guarantees and indemnity bonds could have an adverse effect on our business, operations, revenues and earnings. 

**_10. We are unable to trace some of our historical corporate records. We cannot assure you that no legal proceedings or regulatory actions will be initiated against our Company in future in relation to the missing corporate records which may impact our financial condition and reputation._** 

Our records date back to 1999 when our Company was originally incorporated. On May 28, 2014, there was a fire in our Registered and Corporate Office, in the office premises on the 2<sup>nd</sup> floor at Unit I of our Company, in which our corporate and secretarial records, including statutory records, form filings, share transfer deeds and signed minutes of Board and Shareholders’ meetings were destroyed. Accordingly, we had commissioned a physical and electronic search of the RoC records through an independent company secretary firm, S. S. Reddy & Associates, to retrieve missing documents and provide us with a list of secondary documents relied upon for issuances / buyback of Equity Shares undertaken by the Company and transfers between shareholders of our Company, and the independent company secretary firm has issued a report dated December 13, 2020 in this regard. While we have obtained several documents through the search conducted, we have not been able to retrieve all documents sought, such as annual returns and Form 23s containing relevant Board and Shareholders’ resolutions, among others. Specifically, we are unable to trace certain old secretarial and other corporate records in relation to certain allotments and corporate actions by our Company from 1999 to 2014, including (i) board and shareholders’ resolutions with respect to a preferential allotment of equity shares of a face value of ₹ 100 each of our Company dated March 30, 2002; (ii) certain pages of the list of shareholders and annexure of transfers for the annual return for the year 2001; (iii) annual returns of our Company for the year 2003; (iv) board resolutions authorizing bonus issuances of equity shares of a face value of ₹ 100 each of our Company dated February 7, 2005 and March 6, 2006; (v) board resolution authorizing the sub-division of equity shares of face value of ₹ 100 into 10 Equity Shares of a face value of ₹ 10 each; (vi) shareholder resolutions approving the allotment of Equity Shares dated November 3, 2007 pursuant to the merger of MARC Manufacturers Private Limited with our Company; (vii) Board resolution authorising the allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to issuance dated November 29, 2007 and (viii) statutory registers for all Fiscals prior to the fire. Accordingly, we have relied on other documents, including Form 2s, Form 23s, annual returns and annual reports, for the years mentioned above. We cannot assure you that such records will be available in the future or that we had filed these forms in a timely manner, without irregularities, or at all. 

38 

Further, there have been irregularities in certain forms filed by our Company from 1999 to 2014, including the (i) annual return for the year 2000, which does not indicate the number of equity shares held by each shareholder and (ii) the Form 2 filed with respect to the issuance of equity shares of the Company made pursuant to merger of MARC with the Company indicating the consideration paid as being cash. 

In addition, we have been unable to locate share transfer forms, depository instruction slips or gift deeds for various transfers involving our Promoters and members of our Promoter Group. For further details of these transfers, see “ _Capital Structure - Build-up of our Promoters’ shareholding in our Company_ ” on page 78. Despite reaching out to the Promoters and members of our Promoter Group involved in these transfers regarding any documentation which may be available with them and conducting searches of the records maintained by the jurisdictional RoC for the aforesaid secretarial and other corporate documents and records, we have not been able to trace the aforementioned documents. Accordingly, we have relied on other documents, including annual returns, statement of transactions and holdings and certifications in the form of letters, issued by transferors (where alive) and transferees for all such transfers. 

While no legal proceedings or regulatory action has been initiated against our Company in relation to untraceable secretarial and other corporate records and documents as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we cannot assure you that such legal proceedings or regulatory actions will not be initiated against our Company in future. We cannot assure you that such untraceable secretarial and other corporate records and documents will be available with us in future. 

**_11. Pricing pressure from customers may adversely affect our gross margin, profitability and ability to increase our prices, which in turn may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our Company has strived to maintain a combination of developmental as well as volume-based production. While we have not faced pricing pressure in the past in relation to our developmental orders, we do anticipate such pressure in the future. However, pricing pressure from customers is characteristic of the volume-based production that we undertake. Our customers pursue aggressive but systematic price reduction initiatives and objectives each year with their suppliers, and such actions are expected to continue in the future. Our Company is prepared to address such pricing pressure by adopting lean practices as it grows its business in terms of volumes with its customers every year. For instance, our Company has reduced its pricing with one of its international customers by undertaking certain manufacture in-house, instead of sourcing from outside, and by process optimisation to reduce man power. However, if we are to pursue cost-cutting measures, such measure while maintaining rigorous quality standards may lead to an erosion of our margins, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition, estimating amounts of such price reductions is subject to risk and uncertainties, as any price reduction is the result of negotiations and other factors. Accordingly, suppliers must be able to reduce their operating costs in order to maintain profitability. Such price reductions may affect our sales and profit margins. If we are unable to offset customer price reductions in the future through improved operating efficiencies, new manufacturing processes, sourcing alternatives and other cost reduction initiatives, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. 

**_12. We own a large range of equipment, resulting in increased fixed costs to our Company. In the event we are not able to generate adequate cash flows it may have a material adverse impact on our operations._** 

We own a large range of sophisticated and modern equipment, resulting in increased fixed costs to our Company. The significant end-to-end capabilities of our manufacturing facilities are set forth below: 

- Manufacturing of precision components with close tolerances to the extent of 5-10 microns supported by a series of high-end machines such as 7 axis Mill-turns, 5 axis vertical machining centers (“ **VMCs** ”), 4.5 axis machining centres, milling centres, turning centres, grinding centres, tool room machines, deep hole boring and honing machines, among others; 

- Assembly and testing capabilities supported by 10,000 class clean rooms with facilities for high as well low temperature, vibration, flow and helium leak tests; 

- Specialized fabrication facilities supported by conventional and orbital welding facilities, vacuum brazing, water jet and plasma cutting facilities to meet American Society of Mechanical Engineers (“ **ASME** ”) standards / American Society for Testing and Materials (“ **ASTM** ”) standards; and 

39 

- Surface treatment, heat treatment facilities and special processes facilities. 

While we have ordinarily used new equipment for our operations, we also, from time to time, use second-hand equipment to undertake our business. Accordingly, the cost of maintaining and keeping such capital equipment in proper working condition constitutes a significant portion of our operating expenses. We will not be able to quantify or segregate the actual expense incurred towards the maintenance of capital equipment from the accounting records. Other than the expense incurred on account of ‘repairs and maintenance of plant and machinery’, the expense incurred on the maintenance of capital equipment are towards the payment of salary and wages of permanent and contract labour, employed full-time and engaged in the maintenance activities of such equipment. Further, there are also other consumables issued in stores that are captured in various expense heads such as ‘repair and maintenance of buildings’ and ‘miscellaneous expenses’, for maintenance of such capital equipment. In the event, we are unable to generate or maintain adequate revenues or recover payments from our customers in a timely manner or at all, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operations. 

# **_13. Failure or disruption of our IT and/or ERP systems may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

We have implemented various information technology (“ **IT** ”) solutions and/or enterprise resource planning (“ **ERP** ”) solutions to cover key areas of our operations, procurement, dispatch, accounting and other business functions. For details relation to the IT systems implemented by us please see “ _Our Business – Information Technology_ ” on page 241. These systems are potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of sources, which could result in a material adverse effect on our operations. Disruption or failure of our IT systems could have a material adverse effect on our operations. A large-scale IT malfunction could disrupt our business or lead to disclosure of sensitive company information, particularly since our Company caters to sectors such as nuclear and space and defence, which are of national importance and involve dealing in highly sensitive information. Our ability to keep our business operating depends on the proper and efficient operation and functioning of various IT systems, which are susceptible to malfunctions and interruptions (including those due to equipment damage, power outages, computer viruses and a range of other hardware, software and network problems). A significant or large-scale malfunction or interruption of one or more of our IT systems could adversely affect our ability to keep our operations running efficiently and wider or sustained disruption to our business cannot be excluded. In addition, it is possible that a malfunction of our data system security measures could enable unauthorized persons to access sensitive business data, including information relating to our intellectual property or business strategy or those of our customers. Such malfunction or disruptions could cause economic losses for which we could be held liable. A failure of our IT systems could also cause damage our reputation which could harm our business. Any of these developments, alone or in combination, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, unavailability of, or failure to retain, well trained employees capable of constantly servicing our IT and/or ERP systems may lead to inefficiency or disruption of IT system thereby adversely affecting our ability to operate efficiently. 

Any failure or disruption in the operation of these systems or the loss of data due to such failure or disruption (including due to human error or sabotage) may affect our ability to plan, track, record and analyze work in progress and sales, process financial information, meet business objectives based on IT initiatives such as product life cycle management, manage our creditors, debtors, manage payables and inventory or otherwise conduct our normal business operations, which may increase our costs and otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

**_14. This Red Herring Prospectus contains information from an industry report which we have commissioned from CRISIL Research. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical, financial and other industry information is either complete or accurate._** 

This Red Herring Prospectus includes industry-related information that is derived from an industry report dated December, 2020 titled “Assessment of global and Indian engineering equipment industry” (“ **Company Commissioned CRISIL Report** ”), prepared by CRISIL Research, a research house, pursuant to an engagement with the Company. We commissioned this report for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the precision component and equipment manufacturing industry in India. Neither we, nor any of the Book Running Lead Managers, nor any other person connected with the Offer has verified such information in the commissioned report. CRISIL Research has advised that while it has taken due care and caution in preparing the commissioned 

40 

report, which is based on information obtained from sources that it considers reliable (“ **Information** ”), it does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the Information and disclaims responsibility for any errors or omissions in the Information or for the results obtained from the use of the Information. The commissioned report also highlights certain industry and market data, which may be subject to assumptions. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which we conduct our business, and methodologies and assumptions vary widely among different industry sources. Further, such assumptions may change based on various factors. We cannot assure you that CRISIL Research’s assumptions are correct or will not change and, accordingly, our position in the market may differ, favourably or unfavourably, from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, the commissioned report is not a recommendation to invest or disinvest in our Company. CRISIL Research has disclaimed all financial liability in case of any loss suffered on account of reliance on any information contained in the Company Commissioned CRISIL Report. Prospective Investors are advised not to unduly rely on the commissioned report or extracts thereof as included in this Red Herring Prospectus, when making their investment decisions. 

**_15. We have experienced negative cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities in previous periods and cannot assure you that we will not experience negative cash flows in future periods. Negative cash flows may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

The following table sets forth certain information relating to our cash flows on an unconsolidated basis for the periods indicated: 

|**Particulars**||**Fiscal**<br>||**Nine month**<br>**Decemb**<br>|(_₹ in million_)<br>**s ended**<br>**er 31 **<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2018**|**2019**|**2020**|**2019**|**2020**|
|Net cash flow (used in) / from operating<br>activities|144.18|421.06|561.89|346.54|(64.28)|
|Net cash flow (used in) investing activities|(13.23)|(327.69)|(120.63)|(108.50)|(159.52)|
|Net cash flows from / (used in) financing<br>activities|(137.91)|(74.86)|(413.49)|(324.67)|198.53|
|**Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash**<br>**equivalents**|**(6.96)**|**18.51**|**27.77**|**(86.63)**|**(25.27)**|
|**Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning**<br>**of the period / year**|**97.66**|**90.68**|**107.67**|**107.67**|**135.44**|
|**Effect of exchange differences on cash &**<br>**cash equivalents held in foreign currency**|**(0.02)**|**(1.52)**|**-**|**0.83**|**0.03**|
|**Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the**<br>**period / year **|**90.68**|**107.67**|**135.44**|**21.87**|**110.20**|



We may in the future experience negative cash flows as well. Negative cash flows over extended periods, or significant negative cash flows in the short term, could materially impact our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans. This situation may have an adverse effect on our cash flows, business, future financial performance and results of operations. 

For more information, see “ _Restated Financial Statements_ ” and “ _Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on pages 286 and 381, respectively. 

**_16. We are subject to stringent labour laws or other industry standards and any strike, labour unrest, work stoppage or increased wage demand by our employees or any other kind of disputes with our employees could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Our manufacturing activities are labour intensive, require our management to undertake significant labour interface, and expose us to the risk of industrial action. As on December 31, 2020, we had 891 permanent employees and 248 contractual workmen. We are also subject to a number of stringent labour laws that protect the interests of workers, including legislation that sets forth detailed procedures for dispute resolution and employee removal and legislation that imposes financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment. As such, we believe our relations with our employees to be amicable. Our Company has two recognised labour unions, (i) MTAR Group of Employees Union, Unit –I, II, III, IV, V and EOU with registration number B - 2883, and our Company has entered into a memorandum of settlement dated March 5, 2020 with the union regarding the wages and other terms of employment of our employees, in response to a charter of demands presented to us by the union and (ii) MTAR Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Unit – I, II, III, IV, V and 100% EOU Employees Union with registration 

41 

number B – 2042. If we are unable to renew these wage settlement agreements or negotiate favourable terms, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

While there has been no labour unrest in the recent past, there can be no assurance that we will not experience any future disruptions to our operations due to disputes or other problems with our work force including strikes, labour unrests, work stoppages or increased wage demands, which may adversely affect our business. 

If labour laws become more stringent, it may become difficult for us to maintain flexible human resource policies, discharge employees or downsize, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We also enter into contracts with independent contractors who, in turn, engage on-site contract labour to perform certain operations. 

**_17. We face competition in our product line, including from competitors that may have greater financial and marketing resources. Failure to compete effectively may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Presently, we manufacture and supply mission critical precision components with critical tolerances to our customers in the clean energy, nuclear and space and defence sectors. We primarily compete based on product quality and features, innovation and product development time, and ability to control pricing pressures. We face competition in our business, and our customers evaluate their suppliers based on, among other things, manufacturing capabilities, speed, quality, engineering services, flexibility, product design and innovation, scope and quality and reliability of service, and costs. Further, while we believe that we have a diversified supplier base, some of our Company’s competitors may have better access to raw material suppliers compared to us which may enable them to obtain materials at favourable rates. 

According to the Company Commissioned CRISIL Report, our competitors in nuclear sector are Larsen & Toubro Heavy Engineering and Godrej & Boyce Manufacturing Company Limited and in the space and defence sectors are Larsen & Toubro, Godrej & Boyce Manufacturing Company Limited, Hindustan Aeronautics Limited, and Walchandnagar Industries. For further details, see “ _Industry Overview_ ” on page 117. While we believe that competition in relation to the products that we manufacture is limited, in the event we wish to scale up and capitalise on the opportunities, including in the defence sector owing to the Governmental policies such as Make in India and Atmanirbhar Bharat, our peers could have an advantage over us in that they may have greater financial, technical and/or marketing resources than we have along with longer operating histories and greater market penetration ( _Source: Company Commissioned CRISIL Report_ ). This could enhance their ability to finance acquisitions, fund international growth and/ or respond more quickly to technological changes. Some of our competitors may be able to produce similar or superior products at lower costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, as we will look to further expand our presence in emerging markets, we may face competitive price pressures from low-cost producers in these markets, and we expect such price pressures to increase as our customers continue to expand their manufacturing footprints in these markets. In addition, manufacturers that do not currently compete with us could expand their product portfolios to include products that would compete directly with ours. Changes in the product focus of larger manufacturers could also result in such manufacturers establishing relationships with our customers that reduce or replace entirely our business with those customers. Larger manufacturers could also encourage price competition or acquire small manufacturers in an effort to displace smaller manufacturers. 

Any of these developments, alone or in combination, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_18. We have working capital requirements, and the actual amount and timing of our working capital requirements may differ from our estimates for the same. We may require additional financing to meet those requirements, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our Company requires working capital to finance the purchase of materials and for manufacture and other related work before payment is received from customers. The actual amount and timing of our future working capital requirements may differ from estimates as a result of, among other factors, unforeseen delays or cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, economic conditions, engineering design changes, weather related delays, technological changes and additional market developments. Our working capital requirements may increase if, under certain contracts, payment terms do not include advance payments or such contracts have payment schedules that shift payments toward the end of a project or otherwise increase our working capital 

42 

burdens. In addition, our working capital requirements have increased in recent years because we have undertaken a growing number of projects within a similar timeframe and due to the general growth of our business. All of these factors may result, or have resulted, in increases in our working capital needs. For further details on our working capital requirements, please see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 100. 

It is customary in the industry in which we operate to provide bank guarantees or performance bonds in favor of customers to secure obligations under contracts. For further details, see “ _– We may face claims and incur additional rectification costs for delays and/or defects in respect of our precision components and equipment. Further, imposition of liquidated damages and invocation of performance bank guarantees / indemnity bonds by our customers could impact our results of operations and we may face potential liabilities from lawsuits and claims by customers in the future. We may not be able to secure new contracts if we are unable to issue the requisite performance guarantees._ ” on page 37. If we are unable to provide sufficient collateral to secure the bank guarantees or performance bonds, our ability to enter into new contracts or obtain adequate supplies could be limited. Providing security to obtain bank guarantees and performance bonds increases our working capital needs. We may not be able to continue obtaining new bank guarantees, and performance bonds in sufficient quantities to match our business requirements. Our expansion plans require significant expenditure and if we are unable to obtain necessary funds for expansion, our business may be adversely affected. 

Our sources of additional financing, required to meet our working capital requirements and capital expenditure plans, may include the incurrence of debt or the issue of equity or debt securities or a combination of both. If we decide to raise additional funds through the incurrence of debt, our interest and debt repayment obligations will increase, and could have a significant effect on our profitability and cash flows and we may be subject to additional covenants, which could limit our ability to access cash flows from operations. Any issuance of equity, on the other hand, could result in a dilution of your shareholding. Accordingly, continued increases in our working capital requirements may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

**_19. Our Company may face negative publicity in the event that any of the missions or projects of certain of our customers are not accomplished, which may adversely affect our business prospects and reputation._** 

The reputation of our Company is, to a large extent, reliant on the reputation of our customers for undertaking their missions or implementing their projects successfully. The missions and projects that many of our customers undertake are highly complex, require technically advanced equipment and involve major risks. Our customers routinely carry out their operations under extreme conditions with a low margin for error, and any defects, even if minor, may result in a complete failure of the missions or projects they undertake, and result in personal injury, death and damage to property. Any failure in the missions or projects of our customers is likely to attract considerable publicity. Even an isolated incident of failure in the missions or projects of any of our customers, particularly one resulting in widespread negative publicity, could adversely influence the perceptions of our potential customers and erode trust and confidence in our capabilities, whether or not such failure has arisen from defects in the products that we have supplied. Additionally, such negative publicity may even highlight deficiencies or flaws in the products that we have supplied as having resulted in the failure of the mission or project, which may greatly hamper the trust placed in our Company, and cause existing customers to withdraw their business or to reconsider doing business with us. Moreover, in the event of such a failure, we may be subject to claims arising from alleged, suspected or actual defects in the products that we manufacture, which may result in considerable legal liability, including punitive damages, and diminish our reputation among our customers, suppliers, lenders, investors and the public. Accordingly, any negative publicity or disputes that we are involved in could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_20. Expansion into new market segments may subject us to various challenges, and our inability to successfully diversify our product offerings may adversely affect our growth and negatively impact our profitability._** 

We may attempt to diversify and expand our business operations by manufacturing and supplying novel engineering products or catering to customers in newer sectors. For instance, we intend to undertake sheet metal jobs and penetrate further into specialised fabrication jobs, and are attempting to manufacture electrolysers to produce methane free hydrogen in the clean energy sector and roller screws with applications in sectors such as nuclear and space and defence. We have limited experience and knowledge of carrying out such operations, and our foray into the same may be subject to high barriers to entry, including existing competition and market dynamics. Due to our limited experience, our entry into new business segments may not be successful, which could hamper our growth and damage our reputation. Venturing into a new product line may also require methods 

43 

of operations and marketing and financial strategies different from those currently employed in our Company. We will be subject to the risks generally associated with new product introductions and applications, including unproven know-how, unreliable technology, inexperienced staff, delays in product development and possible failure of products to operate properly. We may also encounter other additional anticipated risks and significant competition in such markets. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully develop our new product lines, and may not be able to successfully develop or introduce new products on a timely basis or at all, or ensure that they are less costly than those of our competitors; or to offer customers payment and other commercial terms as favourable as those offered by our competitors. If our competitors outperform our business and develop superior products at a lesser cost in a timely manner, our growth and financial results could be adversely affected. 

Furthermore, our new business or projects may turn out to be disruptive and may cause an interruption to our existing business as a result. We cannot assure you that the transition of our manufacturing facilities and resources to fulfil production under new product programs will not impact production rates or other operational efficiency measures at our facilities. We also cannot assure you that we will succeed in effectively implementing new technology in manufacturing new products or that we will recover our investments. Any failure in the development or implementation of our operations is likely to adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_21. We are dependent on a number of key management personnel, senior management personnel and persons with technical expertise, and the loss of such persons, or our inability to attract and retain key management personnel and senior management personnel in the future, could adversely affect our business, growth prospects, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Our ability to meet future business challenges depends on our ability to attract, recruit and retain talented and skilled personnel. We are highly dependent on our Promoters, our Directors, senior management and other key managerial personnel, including skilled project management personnel. Our management and technical personnel are supported by other skilled workers who benefit from regular in-house training initiatives and they are also supported by external consultants with significant industry experience who are not permanent employees of our Company. Further, our Company has not obtained any directors and officers liability insurance for our Directors and senior management. The loss of any of our Promoters, our Directors, senior management, external consultants or other key management personnel, or an inability to manage the attrition levels in different employee categories may materially and adversely impact our business, growth prospects, results of operations and cash flows. 

We face competition to recruit and retain skilled and professionally qualified staff. Due to the limited availability of skilled personnel, competition for senior management and skilled engineers in our industry is intense. We may experience difficulties in attracting, recruiting and retaining an appropriate number of managers and engineers for our business needs. We may also need to increase our pay structures to attract and retain such personnel. Our future performance will depend upon the continued services of these persons. 

**_22. Our Company may not be successful in innovating or developing technologically advanced products or may be unable to add to its existing capabilities, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and future prospects._** 

Successful execution of our business strategies in the past may not be an assurance that we will be able to execute our plans on time and within the estimated budget, or that we will meet the expectations of our customers. We expect our plans and strategies to place significant demand on our management and other resources and require us to continue developing technologically advanced products and improving our operational, financial and other internal efficiencies. Further, our aim of developing technologically advanced products involves understanding different product specifications, technology and other factors, which we may currently, be unfamiliar with. In addition, change in the product mix manufactured by us may lead to an increase in costs on account of cost of raw materials that may be higher than those required for our existing products. 

In order to achieve future growth, we may be required to innovate and develop new products, identify diverse customer base including international customers, accurately assess new markets, obtain sufficient financing for our expected capital expenditures, contain our input cost and fixed costs, maintain sufficient operational and financial controls and make additional capital investments to take advantage of anticipated market conditions. With growing concerns over climate change, hydrogen is emerging as a clean solution that can help curb carbon emissions globally and while support for hydrogen is steadily increasing within the United States, many other nations are taking an active approach by implementing hydrogen-focused strategies and investments, according to the Company Commissioned CRISIL Report. Further, the Company Commissioned CRISIL Report states that Bloom Energy, which is one of the major players in solid oxide fuel cell space, has installed majority of the solid 

44 

oxide fuel cell space installation in the United States, and is now targeting the South Korean market. These, either individually or combined, we believe, provide an opportunity for a significant revenue stream to our Company. In addition, we also supplied and expect to continue to supply critical defence products such as aluminium weldments and other machined components to our international customers including an Israeli defence technology company. However, if we are unable to innovate and develop technologically advanced products, or execute or manage our international expansion plans effectively, our business and financial results will be adversely affected. Also, see “ _Our Business – Our Business Strategies_ ” on page 230. 

In addition, we also face the risk that certain of our international customers may set up their facilities in India through offsets. Offsets encourage foreign investors and private participants to form joint ventures and sign memoranda of understandings, thereby providing opportunities for further expansion of manufacturing capabilities. Any such offsets by any of our foreign customers may consequently result in an adverse impact on our business, financial results, and our future prospects. 

# **_23. Exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect our results of operations._** 

Our financial statements are presented in Indian Rupees. However, our expenditure and revenue are influenced by the currencies that we export in as well as by currencies of countries from where we procure our raw materials and plant and machinery. For the year ended March 31, 2020 and as on the nine months ended December 31, 2020, the revenue from contracts with customers located in India amounted to ₹ 675.76 million and 804.47 million, reflecting 32.42% and 46.18% of our revenue from contracts with customers, respectively, whereas the revenue from contracts with customers located outside India amounted to ₹ 1,408.82 million and ₹ 937.71 million, reflecting 67.58% and 53.82% of our revenue from contracts with customers, respectively during the same period. 

The exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and these currencies has fluctuated in the past and our results of operations have been impacted by such fluctuations and may be impacted by such fluctuations in the future. Appreciation or depreciation of the Indian rupee against the U.S. Dollar and other foreign currencies may affect our results of operations. 

# **_24. Our failure to keep our technical knowledge confidential could erode our competitive advantage._** 

We possess extensive technical knowledge about our products. Such technical knowledge has been built up through our own experiences and through our research and development. Our technical knowledge is a significant independent asset, which may not be adequately protected by intellectual property rights such as patent registration. Some of our technical knowledge is protected only by secrecy. As a result, we cannot be certain that our technical knowledge will remain confidential in the long run. 

Certain proprietary knowledge may be leaked, either inadvertently or wilfully, at various stages of the production process. A significant number of our employees have access to confidential design and product information and there can be no assurance that this information will remain confidential. Moreover, certain of our employees may leave us and join our various competitors. Although we may seek to enforce non-disclosure agreements in respect of research and development with our key employees, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully enforce such agreements. In the event that the confidential technical information in respect of our processes and products or business becomes available to third parties or to the general public, any competitive advantage we may have over our peers could be harmed. If a competitor is able to reproduce or otherwise capitalise on our technology, it may be difficult, expensive or impossible for us to obtain necessary legal protection. Consequently, any leakage of confidential technical information could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects. 

# **_25. Our research and development efforts may not produce successful products or enhancements to our products that result in significant revenue or other benefits in the near future, if at all._** 

We have invested a significant amount in research and development in recent years. We expect to continue to dedicate significant financial and other resources to our research and development efforts in order to maintain our competitive position. 

However, investing in research and development, developing new products and enhancing existing processes is expensive and time consuming, and there is no assurance that such activities will result in significant new marketable products or enhancements to our products, design improvements, cost savings, revenues or other expected benefits. If we spend significant time and effort on research and development, but are unable to generate 

45 

an adequate return on our investment, our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

**_26. Our failure to identify and understand evolving industry trends and preferences and to develop new products to meet our customers' demands may materially adversely affect our business._** 

Changes in customer preferences, regulatory or industry trends or requirements or in competitive technologies may render certain of our products obsolete or less attractive. Our ability to anticipate changes in technology and regulatory standards and to successfully develop and introduce new and enhanced products on a timely basis is a significant factor in our ability to remain competitive. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to secure the necessary technological knowledge, through research and development or otherwise, that will allow us to develop our product portfolio in this manner. If we are unable to obtain such knowledge in a timely manner, or at all, we may be unable to effectively implement our strategies, and our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. Moreover, we cannot assure you that we will be able to achieve the technological advances that may be necessary for us to remain competitive or that certain of our products will not become obsolete. 

To compete effectively, we must be able to develop, upgrade and manufacture new products to meet our customers’ demand in a timely manner. In order to do so, we need to identify and understand the key market trends and address our customers’ evolving needs proactively and on a timely basis. For instance, we are involved in the manufacture of power units, specifically hot boxes, and in the development and manufacture of hydrogen boxes and electrolyzers, to serve Bloom Energy. While such hot boxes use methane to generate power, the hydrogen boxes shall use hydrogen instead, which will be produced by the electrolyzers that we manufacture. In addition, we have developed import substitutes such as ball screws, components that are highly specialized and extensively used in the nuclear and space and defence sectors and water lubricated bearings that are used in the nuclear sector. Further, our Company is in the process of establishing an additional manufacturing facility at Adibatla in Hyderabad which shall be a sheet metal facility and shall allow us to undertake sheet metal jobs for Bloom Energy, ISRO and certain other customers. Our Company is also planning to construct an additional shed for specialized fabrication to supply products to our domestic as well as our international customers. As a result, we may incur, and have in the past incurred, capital expenditures for development of products to meet the demands of our customers. In Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020, and in the nine months ended December 31, 2019 and in the nine months ended December 31, 2020, our capital expenditure towards additions to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets was ₹ 80.01 million, ₹ 227.30 million, ₹ 49.60 million, ₹ 47.20 million and ₹ 101.25 million, respectively. We cannot assure you, however, that we will be able to install and commission the equipment needed to manufacture products for our customers on time. Our failure to successfully and timely develop and manufacture new products in order to cater to the requirements of our customers and industry trends could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 

**_27. Our indebtedness and the conditions and restrictions imposed on us by our financing agreements could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business._** 

As on December 31, 2020, we had total indebtedness of ₹ 1,488.63 million. We may incur additional indebtedness in the future. Our indebtedness could have several important consequences, including but not limited to the following: 

- a portion of our cash flow will be used towards repayment of our existing debt, which will reduce the availability of cash to fund working capital needs, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate requirements; 

- our ability to obtain additional financing in the future at reasonable terms may be restricted; 

- fluctuations in market interest rates may affect the cost of our borrowings, as some of our loans are at variable interest rates; and 

- we may be more vulnerable to economic downturns, may be limited in our ability to withstand competitive pressures and may have reduced flexibility in responding to changing business, regulatory and economic conditions. 

Our financing arrangements are secured by our movable assets and by certain immovable assets. Our financing agreements also include various conditions and covenants that require us to obtain lender consents prior to carrying out certain activities and entering into certain transactions. Typically, restrictive covenants under financing documents of our Company relate to obtaining prior consent of the lender for, among others: 

46 

- (a) effectuating any change in our capital structure, where the shareholding of the Promoters in our Company is diluted; 

- (b) formulation of any scheme of amalgamation, reconstruction, merger or demerger; 

- (c) entering any borrowing arrangement with any other bank or financial institution, which increases our borrowing above limits stipulated by our lenders; 

- (d) undertaking any trading activity other than the sale of products arising out of our manufacturing operations; and 

- (e) any transfer of a controlling interest in our Company, drastic changes in our management set-up (including our Key Managerial Personnel), or resignation of Promoter-Directors from our board. 

For further details of the restrictive covenants under financing documents of our Company, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 281. Failure to meet these conditions or obtain these consents could have significant consequences on our business. 

Further, any failure to service our indebtedness, perform any condition or covenant or comply with the restrictive covenants could lead to a termination of our credit facilities, default and acceleration of amounts due under such facilities, any of which may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

**_28. We are subject to various law and regulations, including environmental and health and safety laws and regulations. Any non-compliance with, or changes in, regulations applicable to us, or any failure on our part to obtain, maintain or renew our statutory and regulatory licenses, permits and approvals required to operate our business, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our operations are subject to various national, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and occupational health and safety, including those governing the generation, handling, storage, use, management, transportation and disposal of, or exposure to, environmental pollutants or hazardous materials resulting from our manufacturing processes. For instance, we require certain material approvals including approvals under the Factories Act, 1948, as amended, Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974, as amended, the Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981, as amended and the Hazardous and Other Wastes (Management and Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2016, as amended in order to establish and operate our manufacturing facilities in India, and registrations with the relevant tax, labour and municipal authorities in India. There can be no assurance that the relevant authorities will issue such permits or approvals in the timeframe anticipated by us or at all. A majority of these approvals are granted for a limited duration. Some of these approvals, licenses and permits have expired and we have either made or are in the process of making applications for renewing these approvals. 

We cannot assure you that we shall be able to obtain such approvals, or that our applications for renewal of these approvals will be issued or granted to us in a timely manner, or at all. For instance, we have applied for noobjection certificates for fire safety from the Telangana State Disaster Response and Fire Services Department for some of our units, while we are yet to make such applications for some of our remaining units. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we do not possess such certificates for any of our units. Further, our Company had made an application dated March 2, 2019 to the Telangana State Pollution Control Board (“ **TSPCB** ”) for the renewal of a consolidated consent for operation and authorization under the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974, Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981 and the Hazardous and other Wastes (Management and Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2006, which was previously rejected by the TSPCB since the application was made earlier than the statutorily-prescribed application period. The consent for operation and authorization was subsequently received by our Company on November 19, 2020. Failure by us to renew, maintain or obtain the required permits or approvals may result in the interruption of our operations and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For details of material approvals for which our applications are pending before relevant authorities, and for which we are yet to make applications, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 441. 

The approvals required by our Company are subject to numerous conditions and we cannot assure you that these would not be suspended or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business. 

47 

Environmental laws and regulations in India have been increasing in stringency and it is possible that they will become significantly more stringent in the future. Stricter laws and regulations, or stricter interpretation of the existing laws and regulations, may impose new liabilities on us or result in the need for additional investment in pollution control equipment, either of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or prospects. While as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we are not subject to any environmental legal proceedings, we may be impleaded in such legal proceedings in the course of our business. Such legal proceedings could divert management time and attention, and consume financial resources in defense or prosecution of such legal proceedings or cause delays in the construction, development or commencement of operations of our projects. No assurance can be given that we will be successful in all, or any, of such proceedings. 

For details of our material permits and approvals, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 441. 

**_29. We, and some of our Promoters are involved in certain legal proceedings any adverse developments related to which, could adversely affect our reputation, business and cash flows._** 

There are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company and some of our Promoters. These proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and appellate tribunals. We cannot assure you that these proceedings will be decided in our favour. Brief details of material outstanding litigation that have been initiated by and against our Company, our Directors, our Promoters and our Subsidiary, as applicable, are set forth below: 

|**Nature of cases**|**Number of cases**|_(₹ in million)_<br>**Total amount involved (to**<br>**the extent quantifiable)**|
|---|---|---|
|**Litigations involving ourCompany**|||
|**_Proceedings against ourCompany_**|**4**|**36.79**|
|Civil|-|-|
|Criminal|-|-|
|Tax|2|36.79|
|Action byStatutoryor RegulatoryAuthorities|2|-|
|**_Proceedings by our Company_**|**2**|-|
|Civil|2|-|
|Criminal|-|-|
|**Litigation involving our Subsidiary**|||
|**_Proceedings against our Subsidiary_**|-|-|
|Civil|-|-|
|Criminal|-|-|
|Tax|-|-|
|Action by Statutory or Regulatory Authorities|-|-|
|**_Proceedings by our Subsidiary_**|-|-|
|Civil|-|-|
|Criminal|-|-|
|**Litigation involving our Promoter**|||
|**_Proceedings against our Promoters_**|**3**|**-**|
|Civil|3|-|
|Criminal|-|-|
|Tax|-|-|
|Action byStatutoryor RegulatoryAuthorities|-|-|
|**_Proceedings by our Promoters_**|-|-|
|Civil|-|-|
|Criminal|-|-|
|**Litigation involving our Directors**|||
|**_Proceedings against our Directors_**|-|-|
|Civil|-|-|
|Criminal|-|-|
|Tax|-|-|
|Action byStatutoryor RegulatoryAuthorities|-|-|
|**_Proceedings by our Directors_**|-|-|
|Civil|-|-|
|Criminal|-|-|



48 

The amounts claimed in these proceedings have been disclosed to the extent ascertainable and include amounts claimed jointly and severally. If any new developments arise, such as a change in Indian law or rulings against us by appellate courts or tribunals, we may need to make provisions that could increase our expenses and current liabilities. Further, such legal proceedings could divert our management’s time and attention and cause us to incur significant expenses. Any adverse decision in any of these proceedings may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

For further information, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 435. 

**_30. P. Jayaprakash Reddy, a member of our Promoter Group, has filed an application for the transmission of Equity Shares held in demat account of his deceased wife, which is currently pending. We cannot assure you that such application shall be successful._** 

P. Jayaprakash Reddy, a member of our Promoter Group, along with certain of our Promoters, namely. C. Usha Reddy, G. Kavitha Reddy and D. Anitha Reddy, has filed an application before the Senior Civil Judge, City Civil Court, Hyderabad, for the transmission of Equity Shares held in the demat account of P. Girija, his deceased wife. P. Girija passed away on July 29, 2019 and held 1,204,080 Equity Shares in our Company at the time of her death. We have been informed by P. Jayaprakash Reddy that, in terms of such application, he has sought that such Equity Shares, currently held in the demat account of P. Girija, be transferred to him. Accordingly, in reliance upon the same, certain disclosures in this Red Herring Prospectus state that these Equity Shares are held by P. Jayaprakash Reddy. There can be no assurance that the application shall be successful. In the event the application is unsuccessful, depending on the final order of the court on the matter, the disclosures made in this Red Herring Prospectus shall stand amended to this extent. 

**_31. We retain a large number of contract labour, resulting in increased costs to our Company. In the event of non-availability of such contract labour or any adverse regulatory orders, it may have a material adverse impact on our operations._** 

We operate in a labour-intensive industry and accordingly, are required to employ labour as well contractual labour. This results in a significant labour as well as contractual labour costs for our Company. As on December 31, 2020, we have 891 permanent employees and 248 contractual workmen. 

Our dependence on contract labour may result in significant risks for our operations, relating to the availability and skill of such contract labourers, as well as contingencies affecting availability of such contract labour during peak periods in labour intensive sectors such as ours. There can be no assurance that we will have adequate access to skilled and unskilled workmen at reasonable rates. For instance, our manufacturing process is dependent on a technology driven production system and any inability of our labour to successfully familiarise with such technology will adversely affect our business, financial condition, result of operations and cash flows. 

Further, our Company appoints independent contractors who in turn engage significant number of on-site contract labourers for performance of our business operations. Although our Company does not engage these labourers directly, we may be held responsible for any wage payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractors. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 

**_32. Our operations involve the operation of machinery. These activities can be dangerous and any accident, including any mechanical and operational failures could cause serious injury to people or property and in certain circumstances, even death, and this may adversely affect our production schedules, costs, sales and ability to meet customer demand._** 

Our operations require individuals to work under potentially dangerous circumstances and exposes them, among others, to the risk of mechanical and operational failures of machines that they may work with. Despite compliance with requisite safety requirements and standards, our operations are subject to significant hazards, including: 

- explosions; 

- fires; 

- mechanical failures and other operational problems; 

- inclement weather and natural disasters; 

- discharges or releases of hazardous substances, chemicals or gases; and 

- other environmental risks. 

49 

For instance, on May 28, 2014, we experienced a fire in our Registered and Corporate Office, in the office premises on the 2<sup>nd</sup> floor at Unit I of our Company. While there was no loss of life as a result of this incident, it resulted in the destruction of fixed assets of our Company, amounting to losses of fixed assets of our Company worth ₹ 27.25 million and inventory worth ₹ 12.00 million, as well as the destruction of various books and records of our Company. Although we employ safety procedures during our operations and maintain what we believe to be adequate insurance, there is a risk that any hazard including an accident during manufacturing operations, may result in personal injury to our employees or other persons, destruction of property or equipment, environmental damage, manufacturing or delivery delays, or may lead to suspension of our operations and/or imposition of civil or criminal liabilities. The loss or shutting down of our facilities could disrupt our business operations and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and reputation. We could also face claims and litigation, in India filed on behalf of persons alleging injury predominantly as a result of occupational exposure to hazards at our facilities, the outcome of which is difficult to assess or quantify, and the cost to defend such litigation could be significant. These claims and lawsuits, individually or in the aggregate, may be resolved against us inflicting negative publicity and consequently, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

In particular, if operations at our manufacturing facilities were to be disrupted as a result of any significant workplace accident, fire, explosion or other connected reasons, our financial performance may be adversely affected as a result of our inability to meet customer demand or committed delivery schedules for our products. Interruptions in production may also increase our costs and reduce our sales, and may require us to make substantial capital expenditures to remedy the situation or to defend litigation that we may become involved in as a result, which may negatively affect our profitability, business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

**_33. Our continued operations are critical to our business and any disruption to power or fuel sources or any shutdown of our manufacturing facilities may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our manufacturing facilities are subject to operating risks, such as the breakdown or failure of equipment, power supply or processes, performance below expected levels of efficiency, obsolescence of equipment or machinery, labour disputes, natural disasters, industrial accidents and the need to comply with the directives of relevant government authorities. As we serve programs of high national importance, our customers rely significantly on the timely delivery of our products, and accordingly, our ability to provide an uninterrupted and timely supply of our products is critical to our business. In addition, certain of our customers can impose significant penalties on us for any delayed delivery of products or a defect in the products delivered. We have, in the past, been required to pay such liquidated damages for delays to our customers. 

We also require substantial electricity for our manufacturing facilities most of which is sourced from state electricity boards. If supply is not available for any reason, we will need to rely on alternative sources, which may not be able to consistently meet our requirements. The cost of electricity purchased from alternative sources could be significantly higher, thereby adversely affecting our cost of production and profitability. The cost of supplies may otherwise increase in the future. Interruptions of electricity supply can also result in production shutdowns, increased costs associated with restarting production and the loss of production in progress. 

Additionally, we require substantial fuel for our manufacturing facilities, and energy costs represent a significant portion of the production costs for our operations. For Fiscals ended 2018, 2019, 2020, and for the nine months ended December 31, 2019 and for the nine months ended December 31, 2020, our power and fuel expense was ₹ 63.30 million, ₹ 64.68 million, ₹ 72.35 million, ₹ 53.58 million and ₹ 49.44 million, constituting 3.97%, 3.52%, 3.38%, 3.52% and 2.79%, respectively, of our revenue from operations. 

Therefore, if access to these supplies is not available for any reason, our production may be disrupted and profitability could be adversely affected. If energy or water costs were to rise, or if electricity or water supplies or supply arrangements were disrupted, our profitability could decline. Our business and financial results may be adversely affected by any disruption of operations of our product lines, including as a result of any of the factors mentioned above. 

**_34. Damage to our brand and reputation could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations._** 

50 

Our business depends to a significant extent on our customers’ trust in our brand and associated reputation as a reliable supplier, as well as in our ability to support our customers’ key performance targets. Certain of our products are subject to express and implied warranty claims. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in maintaining or reducing the historical level of warranty claims or that claims in relation to our products will not increase significantly. Actual or alleged instances of inferior product quality or of damage caused or allegedly caused by our products, could damage our reputation and brand and could lead to new or existing customers becoming less willing to conduct business with us. In addition, events or allegations of malfunctioning products could lead to legal claims against us, and we could incur substantial legal fees and other costs in defending such legal claims. The materialization of any of these risks, alone or in combination with each other, could damage our reputation and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_35. We are required to obtain and maintain quality and product certifications for certain customers as well as in respect of certain products that we manufacture._** 

Typically, in case of exports, especially to customers in the aerospace sector, we are required to obtain product certification from local regulators before our products can be delivered to such international customers. In some countries, certain certifications for products with regard to specifications and quality standards are necessary or preferred in order for these products to be accepted by customers. As such, we need to be able to obtain and maintain the relevant certifications so that our customers are able to appropriately utilise the products that are manufactured by us, in their respective countries. 

If we are unable to meet or maintain the requirements needed to secure or renew such certifications, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects and results of operations. 

**_36. Delay in schedule of our expansion into new territories or expanding our existing manufacturing capacity to meet future demands may subject our Company to risks related to time and cost overrun which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our Company is in the process of establishing an additional manufacturing facility at Adibatla in Hyderabad which is expected to become operational in Fiscal 2022. Our Company may face risks relating to the commissioning of any new such manufacturing facilities in newer territories or failure to expand our existing manufacturing capacity to meet future demand for our products on account of reasons including but not limited to changes in the general economic and financial conditions in India. We may also encounter various setbacks such as delay in receiving required government approvals, construction defects and delivery failures by suppliers, unexpected delays in obtaining permits and authorizations, or legal actions brought by third parties. Further, as and when we commission our planned manufacturing facilities, our raw material requirements and costs as well as our staffing requirements and employee expenses may increase and we may face other challenges in extending our financial and other controls to our new manufacturing facilities as well as in realigning our management and other resources and managing our consequent growth. 

**_37. Our management will have broad discretion in how we apply the Net Proceeds, including interim use of the Net Proceeds and the Pre-IPO Placement, and there is no assurance that the objects of the Offer will be achieved within the time frame expected or at all, or that the deployment of the Net Proceeds or the Pre-IPO Placement in the manner intended by us will result in any increase in the value of your investment._** 

We intend to use the Net Proceeds and the proceeds of the Pre-IPO Placement for the purposes described under “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 100. The objects of the Offer include repayment/ prepayment in full or in part, of borrowings availed by our Company amounting to approximately ₹ 630.00 million, funding working capital requirements amounting to approximately ₹ 950.00 million, and general corporate purposes. Our funding requirements and the deployment of the Net Proceeds and the Pre-IPO Placement are based on management estimates and have not been appraised. In response to the dynamic nature of our business, our management will have broad discretion to revise our business plans, estimates and budgets from time to time. Consequently, our funding requirements and deployment of funds may change, which may result in rescheduling of the proposed utilization of the Net Proceeds and the proceeds of the Pre-IPO Placement, and increasing or decreasing expenditure for a particular activity, subject to compliance with applicable law and the investment policies approved by our management. Furthermore, pursuant to Section 27 of the Companies Act, 2013, any variation in the objects would require a special resolution to be passed by the shareholders of our Company and the promoter or controlling shareholders will be required to provide an exit opportunity to the shareholders who do not agree 

51 

to such proposal to vary the objects in accordance with the Articles of Association of our Company and as may otherwise be prescribed by SEBI. 

In the case of increase in actual expenses or shortfall in requisite funds, additional funds for a particular activity will be met by means available to us, including internal accruals and additional equity and/or debt arrangements. If actual utilization towards the objects of the Offer is lower than the proposed deployment, such balance will be used for future growth opportunities, and general corporate purposes. If estimated utilization of the Net Proceeds and the proceeds of the Pre-IPO Placement is not completely met in a fiscal year, it shall be carried forward. 

Our management will have significant flexibility in temporarily investing the Net Proceeds and the proceeds of the Pre-IPO Placement and there can be no assurance that we will earn significant interest income on, or that we will not suffer unanticipated diminution in the value of, such temporary investments. 

**_38. Our business could be adversely affected by any delays or increased costs resulting from issues that our carriers may face in transporting our raw materials, components or finished products._** 

We rely on a variety of carriers to transport our raw materials and components from our suppliers to us, and to transport our products to our customers. Problems suffered by any of these carriers, whether due to a natural disaster, labour problems, increased energy prices, inadequacies in transport infrastructure, or any other issue, could result in shipping delays, supply chain disruptions and increased costs, and could therefore have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

Moreover, many of the products we produce are bulky and difficult to efficiently pack and transport over long distances, and our customers often demand just-in-time and just-in-sequence component deliveries. As a result, we rely on the close proximity of our facilities to our customers to the extent possible, to minimize the freight costs associated with transporting our products. Any failure to pass through these increased transportation costs to our customers, or any increase in delivery lead times resulting from long-distance transport of our products, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_39. We are subject to risks arising from interest rate fluctuations, which could reduce the profitability of our projects and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Interest rates for borrowings have been volatile in India in recent periods. Our operations are partly funded by debt and increases in interest rate and a consequent increase in the cost of servicing such debt may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Changes in prevailing interest rates affect our interest expense in respect of our borrowings. Our current debt facilities carry interest at variable rates. Although we may in the future engage in interest rate hedging transactions or exercise any right available to us under our financing arrangements to terminate the existing debt financing arrangement on the respective reset dates and enter into new financing arrangements, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so on commercially reasonable terms or that these agreements, if entered into, will protect us adequately against interest rate risks. Further, if such arrangements do not protect us adequately against interest rate risks, they would result in higher costs. 

# **_40. Employee misconduct could harm us and is difficult to detect and deter._** 

Although we closely monitor our employees, misconduct, including acts of theft and fraud by employees or executives, such acts could include binding us to transactions that exceed authorized limits or present unacceptable risks or they may hide unauthorized or unlawful activities from us, which may result in substantial financial losses and damage to our reputation and loss of business from our customers. Employee or executive misconduct could also involve the improper use or disclosure of confidential information, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious reputational or financial harm, including harm to our brand. It is not always possible to deter employee or executive misconduct and the precautions taken and systems put in place to prevent and detect such activities may not be effective in all cases. Any instances of such misconduct could adversely affect our reputation. 

**_41. We may be subject to counter party credit risk from our operating activities and our financing activities._** 

We are subject to the risk that our counterparties may not meet their obligations under various financial instruments. Our credit risk exposure relates to our financing activities, including deposits with banks and financial institutions, as well as to operating activities, primarily from trade receivables. We typically have credit terms ranging from 30 to 90 days with our customers. In Fiscal 2018, 2019, 2020, and in the nine months ended 

52 

December 31, 2019 and in the nine months ended December 31, 2020, our trade receivables were ₹ 489.66 million, ₹ 504.17 million, ₹ 616.37 million, ₹ 588.78 million and ₹ 731.19 million, respectively. Accordingly, in the event that our counterparties do not meet their financial obligations, we may face financial loss and this may thereby adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_42. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to successfully manage, or accurately report, our financial risks._** 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to prepare reliable financial reports and effectively avoid fraud. Moreover, any internal controls that we may implement, or our level of compliance with such controls, may deteriorate over time, due to evolving business conditions. There can be no assurance that deficiencies in our internal controls will not arise in the future, or that we will be able to implement, and continue to maintain, adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls. Any inability on our part to adequately detect, rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls may adversely impact our ability to accurately report, or successfully manage, our financial risks, and to avoid fraud. 

# **_43. Security breach in classified government systems could adversely affect our business._** 

A significant number of designs we develop, and products we manufacture and maintain involve managing and protecting information involved in intelligence, national security and other classified government functions. While we have programmes designed to comply with relevant security laws, regulations and restrictions, a security breach in one of these systems could cause serious harm to our business, damage our reputation and prevent us from being eligible for further work on such critical classified designs for the various ministries of the Government that we associate with. Damage to our reputation or limitations on our eligibility for additional work resulting from such security breach, could materially reduce our revenue. 

We may experience cyber security threats, threats to our information technology infrastructure and attempts to gain access to our Company’s sensitive information. We have installed anti-virus software to prevent our systems and infrastructure from being infected and crippled by computer viruses. All our internet facing servers installed at all our data centres as well as at all our offices are also secured with firewalls and intrusion preventions systems to prevent hacking. The threats we may face, may vary from attacks common to most industries to more advanced and persistent, highly organised adversaries who could target us because we protect national security information. If we are unable to protect sensitive information, our customers or governmental authorities could question the adequacy of our threat mitigation and detection processes and procedures. Due to the evolving nature of these security threats, however, the impact of any future incident cannot be predicted. 

The costs related to cyber or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. Occurrence of any of these events could adversely affect our internal operations, the services we provide to our customers, loss of competitive advantages derived from our research, design and development efforts or other intellectual property, early obsolescence of our products and services, our future financial results, our reputation or our stock price. 

**_44. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our future cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and financial condition._** 

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and subsequent approval of shareholders and will depend on factors that our Board and shareholders deem relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. We may decide to retain all of our earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business and, therefore, may not declare dividends on our Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends at any point in the future. For details of dividend paid by our Company in the past, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 280. 

# **_45. A downgrade in our credit rating could adversely affect our ability to raise capital in the future._** 

Our Company currently has a credit rating of ‘BBB+ (Stable)’ for long term fund based / cash credit facilities, long term fund based term loans, and long term unallocated facilities and a credit rating of ‘BBB+ (Stable) / A2’ for long term / short term non fund based facilities from ICRA. Further, our Company has a long term credit rating 

53 

of ‘BBB+ / Stable’ and short term credit rating of ‘A2’ from CRISIL Ratings. Our credit ratings, which are intended to measure our ability to meet our debt obligations, are a significant factor in determining our finance costs. The interest rates of certain of our borrowings may be significantly dependent on our credit ratings. A downgrade of our credit ratings could lead to greater risk with respect to refinancing our debt and would likely increase our cost of borrowing and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

**_46. We have, in the past, entered into certain transactions with related parties and may continue to do so in the future. Any related party transactions that are not on an arm's length basis may adversely affect our business, results of operation and financial condition._** 

We have, in the past, entered into certain transactions with related parties and may continue to do so in the future. For further details, see “ _Related Party Transactions”_ on page 285. While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arms-length basis, we cannot assure you that we would not have achieved more favourable commercial terms had such transactions not been entered into with related parties. Further, we may enter into related party transactions in the future, and such transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. There can be no assurance that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

**_47. The auditors’ report issued by the Previous Auditor on the unconsolidated financial statements of our Company as on and for the year ended March 31, 2018 contains an emphasis of matter._** 

The auditors’ report issued by the Previous Auditor on the unconsolidated financial statements of our Company as on and for the year ended March 31, 2018, contains the following emphasis of matter: “We draw attention to the users of Ind AS financial statements that the entity has recognised deferred tax asset of Rs.54.53 million only on unused tax losses of Rs.189.06 million as against available unused tax losses of Rs.531.48 million due to uncertainity of taxable profits in subsequent years.” 

There can be no assurance that our audit reports for any future Fiscals will not contain reservations, qualifications, emphasis of matters, or other adverse observations which may affect our results of operations in such future periods. 

**_48. Our insurance coverage could prove inadequate to satisfy potential claims and our insurance policies may not protect us against all potential losses, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our business operations are subject to various risks inherent in the manufacturing industry. While we believe that the insurance coverage which we maintain is in keeping with industry standards and would be reasonably adequate to cover the normal risks associated with the operation of our businesses, we cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be covered entirely, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. 

Our total insurance coverage as of December 31, 2020 was ₹ 2,467.21 million and our insurance coverage as a percentage of our total net fixed assets on a consolidated basis, was 159.15%. 

To the extent that we suffer loss or damage, or successful assertion of one or more large claims against us for events for which we are not insured, or for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, or which is not covered by insurance, exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, financial performance and cash flows could be adversely affected. For further information on our insurance arrangements, see “ _Our Business – Insurance_ ” on page 242. 

**_49. Certain of our Directors, Promoters and members of our Promoter Group have interests in our Company other than reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration or benefits._** 

Certain of our Promoters and Directors may be regarded as having an interest in our Company other than reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration or benefits. Certain Promoters, Directors and members of the Promoter Group may be deemed to be interested to the extent of Equity Shares held by them, as well as to the extent of any dividends, bonuses or other distributions on such Equity Shares Additionally, we have, 

54 

in the course of our business, entered into, and will continue to enter into, transactions with related parties. Certain of the key related party transactions entered into by us include the buy back of Equity Shares from P. Jayaprakash Reddy and investment in, and advances given to, MASPL. 

While, in our view, all such transactions that we have entered into are legitimate business transactions conducted on an arms’ length basis, we cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such arrangements not been entered into with related parties or that we will be able to maintain existing terms, in cases where the terms are more favourable than if the transaction had been conducted on an arms’ length basis. There can be no assurance that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, result of operations, financial condition and cash flows, including because of potential conflicts of interest or otherwise. For more information on our related party transactions, see “ _Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 285. 

**_50. Our Promoters and members of the Promoter Group will continue to retain significant shareholding in our Company after the Offer, which will allow them to exercise significant influence over us._** 

After the completion of the Offer, our Promoters and members of the Promoter Group will hold approximately [●]% of our outstanding Equity Shares. Accordingly, our Promoters and members of the Promoter Group will continue to exercise significant influence over our business and all matters requiring shareholders' approval, including the composition of our Board of Directors, the approval of mergers, strategic acquisitions or joint ventures or the sales of substantially all of our assets, and the policies for dividends, lending, investments and capital expenditures. This concentration of ownership may also delay, defer or even prevent a change in control of our Company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of our Promoters and members of the Promoter Group. Further, the Takeover Regulations may limit the ability of a third party to acquire control. The interests of our Promoter, as our Company’s controlling shareholder, could conflict with our Company’s interests, your interests or the interests of our other shareholders. There is no assurance that our Promoter will act to resolve any conflicts of interest in our Company’s or your favour. 

# **_51. Any inability to protect our intellectual property from third party infringement may adversely affect our business and prospects._** 

We believe that any damage to the brand “MTAR” or to our reputation could substantially impair our ability to maintain or grow our business, or could have a material adverse effect on our overall business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. While we have made an application for registration of the trademark ‘MTAR; Building Nation With Exceptional Engineering’ we have not obtained registration for any of our intellectual property under extant intellectual property laws. Our ability to compete effectively depends in part on our ability to protect our rights in intellectual property and our efforts to protect our intellectual property (including our reliance on trade secret laws) may not be adequate. Unauthorized parties may infringe upon or misappropriate our intellectual property or proprietary information. In the absence of any intellectual property registrations, we may not be able to initiate an infringement action against any third party who maybe infringing our intellectual property. As a result, we may not be able to prevent infringement of our intellectual property and a passing off action may not provide sufficient protection until such time that this registration is granted. Any unauthorized or inappropriate use of our trademarks and other intellectual property rights by others in their corporate names or product brands or otherwise could harm our brand image, competitive advantages and business, and dilute or harm our reputation and brand recognition. Further, if a dispute arises with respect to any of our intellectual property or proprietary information, we will be required to produce evidence to defend or enforce our claims, and we may become party to litigation, which may strain our resources and divert the attention of our management. We cannot assure you that any infringement claims that are material will not arise in the future or that we will be successful in defending any such claims when they arise. 

# **_52. We might infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others, which could harm our competitive position._** 

While we take care to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of others, we cannot determine with certainty as to whether we are infringing on any existing third-party intellectual property rights, which may force us to alter our technologies, obtain licenses or cease some of our operations. We may also be susceptible to claims from third parties asserting infringement and other related claims. If claims or actions are asserted against us, we may be required to obtain a license, modify our existing technology or cease the use of such technology and design a new non-infringing technology. Such licenses or design modifications can be extremely costly. Furthermore, necessary licenses may not be available to us on satisfactory terms, if at all. In addition, we may 

55 

decide to settle a claim or action against us, which settlement could be costly. We may also be liable for any past infringement. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_53. The proceeds from the Offer for Sale will be paid to the Selling Shareholders, including our Promoters._** 

This Offer is being undertaken as a Fresh Issue of Equity Shares as well as an Offer for Sale of Equity Shares by the Selling Shareholders. The entire proceeds from the Offer for Sale will be paid to the Selling Shareholders, namely, P. Leelavathi, Parvat Srinivas Reddy, P. Kalpana Reddy, Saranya Loka Reddy, C. Usha Reddy, G. Kavitha Reddy, D. Anitha Reddy, K. Shalini, A. Manogna, Fabmohur Advisors LLP and P. Simhadri Reddy and our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. For further details, see “ _The Offer_ ”, “ _Capital Structure_ ” and “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on pages 66, 77 and 100, respectively. 

**_54. Certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance like EBITDA and EBITDA margin have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. These non-GAAP financial measures are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by Ind AS and may not be comparable._** 

Certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance like EBITDA, EBITDA margin, net worth, return on net worth, Net Asset Value per Equity Share, debt equity ratio, return on capital employed, earnings before interest and tax, total capital employed and total borrowings / equity have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. We compute and disclose such nonGAAP financial measures and such other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance as we consider such information to be useful measures of our business and financial performance. These non-GAAP financial measures and other statistical and other information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to financial measures and statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other companies and are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by Ind AS and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. 

**_55. Some of our Promoters have limited or no experience in the precision engineering and manufacturing industry._** 

Some of our Promoters have limited or no experience in the precision engineering and manufacturing industry. The industry in which we operate, and the sectors which we cater to, involve various risks, including regulatory risks and environmental risks. Any failure to manage the ongoing as well as future demand could delay the process of manufacturing and supplying our products which effectively could delay our ability to meet our customers’ requirements and consequently, our ability to generate revenue, which could have an adverse impact on our business and revenue. 

**_56. There have been certain instances of discrepancies in relation to certain statutory filings made or required to be made by our Company with the RoC under applicable law and certain other noncompliances by our Company under Indian company and foreign exchange laws._** 

There have been certain discrepancies in relation to statutory filings required to be made by us with the RoC under applicable laws as well as certain other non-compliances incurred by us under Indian company law. For example, certain of our annual returns do not reflect transfers between our Promoters and Promoter Group. For details, see “ _– We are unable to trace some of our historical corporate records. We cannot assure you that no legal proceedings or regulatory actions will be initiated against our Company in future in relation to the missing corporate records which may impact our financial condition and reputation._ ” on page 38. 

As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have filed two applications for compounding before the Regional Director, South East Region, Hyderabad in relation to (a) delay in extinguishment of Equity Shares bought back by the Company pursuant to buyback beyond the period prescribed by the Companies Act, 2013 and (b) noncompliance with the requirement to appoint a Company Secretary in compliance with the Companies Act, 2013. Such applications are currently pending before the Regional Director. There can be no assurance that the Regional Director will not take an adverse view and impose penalties on our Company in this regard. For details in relation 

56 

to the compounding applications, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Compounding applications and condonation of secretarial non-compliances_ ” on page 436. 

Further, our Company has not made certain filings with the RBI as per the requirements of applicable foreign exchange related laws. While addressing the non-compliances, including delays, we may opt for compounding before RBI which may result into imposition of compounding fees, penalty or both, as may be determined by RBI. Our Company is assessing the appropriate corrective action that we may take, including making necessary representations and compounding applications before the RBI. At this stage, our Company is unable to accurately predict the definitive compounding fee or penalty, however, we believe that it may not be significant. There can be no assurance that the representations or corrective actions we may take will be acceptable to the regulator. 

**_57. Our Company has an obligation to buy-back Equity Shares allotted to investors in the Pre-IPO Placement (“Pre-IPO Shares”), in the event the Offer is not consummated within 45 business days from the date of closing of the Pre-IPO Placement_** 

Our Company has entered into agreements with investors in the Pre-IPO Placement, pursuant to which, our Company shall be required to buy back the Pre-IPO Shares, if they are not listed on a recognised stock exchange within 45 business days of the closing date specified in such agreements, or such other period as the parties thereto may agree upon. For details, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters – Other agreements_ ” on page 251. We cannot assure you that the Offer will be consummated within this period, or that the investors shall agree to extend such period in the event the offer is not consummated within this period. In the event our Company is required to buy back the Pre-IPO Shares, we may be required to invest significant resources for the same, which may have a material adverse impact on our Company. 

# **EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

# **_Risks Related to India_** 

**_1. The outbreak of COVID-19, or outbreak of any other severe communicable disease could have a potential impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

The outbreak, or threatened outbreak, of any severe communicable disease (particularly the COVID-19) could materially adversely affect overall business sentiment and environment, particularly if such outbreak is inadequately controlled. The spread of any severe communicable disease may also adversely affect the operations of our customers and suppliers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in authorities implementing several measures such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders, and lockdowns. On account of the nationwide lockdown we experienced certain operational disruptions and we cannot predict the further impact COVID-19 may have on our workforce and operations, the operations of our customers, and those of our respective vendors and suppliers. There is currently substantial medical uncertainty regarding COVID-19 and no government-certified treatment or vaccine is available. A rapid increase in severe cases and deaths where measures taken by governments fail or are lifted prematurely, may cause significant economic disruption in India and in the rest of the world. The scope, duration and frequency of such measures and the adverse effects of COVID-19 remain uncertain and could be severe. Our ability to meet our ongoing disclosure obligations might be adversely affected, despite our best efforts. If any of our employees were suspected of contracting COVID-19 or any other epidemic disease, this could require us to quarantine some or all of these employees or disinfect the facilities used for our operations. In addition, our revenue and profitability could be impacted to the extent that a natural disaster, health epidemic or other outbreak harms the Indian and global economy in general. 

The outbreak has significantly increased economic uncertainty. It is likely that the current outbreak or continued spread of COVID-19 will cause further economic slowdown and it is possible that it could cause a global recession. The spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices (including employee travel, employee work locations, and cancellation of physical participation in meetings, events and conferences), and we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners, and suppliers. There is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the outbreak, and we cannot predict the future impact of COVID-19 on our ability to perform critical functions. 

We have monitored and considered the impact of known events arising from the COVID-19 pandemic, including with respect to our liquidity and going concern and recoverable values of assets. While we have not experienced 

57 

significant financial losses in the past, the extent to which the COVID-19 further impacts our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions taken globally to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. Existing insurance coverage may not provide protection for all costs that may arise from all such possible events. We are closely monitoring the impact of COVID-19 on all aspects of our business, but there can be no assurance that such monitoring will enable us to avoid part or all of any future impact from the spread of COVID-19 or its consequences, including downturns in business sentiment generally or in our sector in particular. The degree to which COVID-19 impacts our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of the outbreak, its severity, the actions taken to contain the outbreak or treat its impact, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. The above risks can threaten the safe operation of our facilities and cause disruption of operational activities, environmental harm, loss of life, injuries and impact the wellbeing of our people. 

Further in case the lockdown is reinstated, it could result in muted economic growth or give rise to a recessionary economic scenario, in India and globally, which could adversely affect the business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition of our Company. 

# **_2. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market countries in Asia. Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy. Financial disruptions may occur again and could harm our business, our future financial performance and the prices of the Equity Shares. 

The recent outbreak of COVID-19 has significantly affected financial markets around the world. Any other global economic developments or the perception that any of them could occur may continue to have an adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity and restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 

**_3. We may be affected by competition laws, the adverse application or interpretation of which could adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, of India, as amended (“ **Competition Act** ”), regulates practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India (“ **AAEC** ”). Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an AAEC is considered void and may result in the imposition of substantial penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or the provision of services or shares the market or source of production or provision of services in any manner, including by way of allocation of geographical area or number of customers in the relevant market or directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an AAEC and is considered void. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. 

On March 4, 2011, the Government notified and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to and pre-approved by the Competition Commission of India (the “ **CCI** ”). Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued Competition Commission of India (Procedure for Transaction of Business Relating to Combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. 

58 

The Competition Act aims to, among others, prohibit all agreements and transactions which may have an AAEC in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an AAEC in India. However, the impact of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements entered into by us cannot be predicted with certainty at this stage. However, since we pursue an acquisition driven growth strategy, we may be affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI or if any prohibition or substantial penalties are levied under the Competition Act, it would adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

**_4. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against our Company outside India._** 

Our Company is incorporated under the laws of India. Our Company’s assets are located in India and all of our Company’s Directors and Key Managerial Personnel are residents of India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce against them judgments obtained in courts outside India. Moreover, it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or inconsistent with Indian public policy. 

India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions, which includes, the United Kingdom, United Arab Emirates, Singapore and Hong Kong. A judgment from certain specified courts located in a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the Civil Code. The United States and India do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any federal or state court in a non-reciprocating territory, such as the United States, for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general securities laws of the United States, would not be enforceable in India under the Civil Code as a decree of an Indian court. 

The United Kingdom, United Arab Emirates, Singapore and Hong Kong have been declared by the Government of India to be reciprocating territories for purposes of Section 44A of the Civil Code. A judgment of a court of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit on the judgment under Section 13 of the Civil Code, and not by proceedings in execution. Section 13 of the Civil Code provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated on except (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case, (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognise the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable, (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice, (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. Under the Civil Code, a court in India shall, on the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgment, presume that the judgment was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record. The Civil Code only permits the enforcement of monetary decrees, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. 

However, the party in whose favour such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the United States or other such jurisdiction within three years of obtaining such final judgment. It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Moreover, it is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages to the extent awarded in a final judgment rendered outside India if it believes that the amount of damages awarded were excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain the prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered. 

59 

**_5. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, pandemic disease and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

**_6. We are subject to regulatory, economic, social and political uncertainties and other factors beyond our control._** 

We are incorporated in India and we conduct our corporate affairs and our business in India. Our Equity Shares are proposed to be listed on BSE and NSE. Consequently, our business, operations, financial performance and the market price of our Equity Shares will be affected by interest rates, government policies, taxation, social and ethnic instability and other political and economic developments affecting India. 

Factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy, and hence our results of operations may include: 

- any exchange rate fluctuations, the imposition of currency controls and restrictions on the right to convert or repatriate currency or export assets; 

- any scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse effect on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing for our expansions; 

- prevailing income conditions among Indian customers and Indian corporations; 

- epidemic or any other public health in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; 

- macroeconomic factors and central bank regulation, including in relation to interest rates movements which may in turn adversely impact our access to capital and increase our borrowing costs; 

- volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; 

- decline in India's foreign exchange reserves which may affect liquidity in the Indian economy; 

- downgrading of India’s sovereign debt rating by rating agencies; and 

- difficulty in developing any necessary partnerships with local businesses on commercially acceptable terms and/or a timely basis. 

Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy or certain regions in India, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. For example, our manufacturing facilities are located in western India, hence any significant disruption, including due to social, political or economic factors or natural calamities or civil disruptions, impacting this region may adversely affect our operations. 

**_7. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our services at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our customers and our profits might decline._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of salaries, and other expenses relevant to our business. 

High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to pass on to our customers, whether entirely or in part, and the same may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or increase our rates to pass the increase in costs on to our customers. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

60 

Further, the GoI has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

**_8. Foreign investors are subject to foreign investment restrictions under Indian laws which limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely impact the market price of our Equity Shares._** 

Under the foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfers of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions) if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then the prior approval of the RBI will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert the Indian Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India will require a no objection/tax clearance certificate from the income tax authority. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other Indian government agency can be obtained on any particular terms, or at all. For further details, please see on “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” page 483. 

# **_9. A downgrade in ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. India’s sovereign rating is Baa3 with a “negative” outlook (Moody’s), BBB-with a “stable” outlook (S&P) and BBB-with a “stable” outlook (Fitch). Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favourable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of our Equity Shares. 

**_10. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of tax laws, may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. For example, the Government of India implemented a comprehensive national goods and services tax (“ **GST** ”) regime with effect from July 1, 2017, that combined multiple taxes and levies by the Central and State Governments into a unified tax structure. Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by any unexpected or onerous requirements or regulations resulting from the introduction of GST or any changes in laws or interpretation of existing laws, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations relating to GST, as it is implemented. The Government has enacted the GAAR which have come into effect from April 1, 2017. 

The Government of India has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2022 and the Ministry of Finance has introduced the Finance Bill, 2021 (“ **Finance Bill** ”) before the Lok Sabha. There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Bill, if passed, may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. We cannot predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Bill would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. Any such changes in interpretation of laws may have an impact on our results of operations. Further, a draft of the Personal Data Protection Bill, 2019 (“ **Bill** ”) has been introduced before the Lok Sabha on December 11, 2019, which is currently being referred to a joint parliamentary committee by the Parliament. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

61 

# **_Risks Related to the Equity Shares_** 

# **_11. The requirements of being a publicly listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a publicly listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the SEBI Listing Regulations which will require us to file audited annual and audited / unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. Further, as a publicly listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

**_12. The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and the Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer. Further, the current market price of some securities listed pursuant to certain previous issues managed by the Book Running Lead Managers is below the respective issue price._** 

The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions, and will be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholders, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers. Furthermore, the Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by the Company and the Selling Shareholders, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers through the Book Building Process. These will be based on numerous factors, including factors as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 109 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. 

In addition to the above, the current market price of securities listed pursuant to certain previous initial public offerings managed by the Book Running Lead Managers is below their respective issue price. For further details, see “ _Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Price information of past issues handled by the Book Running Lead Managers_ ” on page 450. The factors that could affect the market price of the Equity Shares include, among others, broad market trends, financial performance and results of the company post-listing, and other factors beyond our control. We cannot assure you that an active market will develop or sustained trading will take place in the Equity Shares or provide any assurance regarding the price at which the Equity Shares will be traded after listing. 

**_13. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will be listed on the BSE and NSE in a timely manner or at all._** 

In accordance with Indian law and practice, permission for listing and trading of our Equity Shares will not be granted until after certain actions have been completed in relation to this Offer and until Allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to this Offer. 

In accordance with current regulations and circulars issued of SEBI, our Equity Shares are required to be listed on the BSE and NSE within such time as mandated under UPI Circulars, subject to any change in the prescribed timeline in this regard. However, we cannot assure you that the trading in our Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner or at all. Any failure or delay in obtaining final listing and trading approvals may restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares. 

**_14. An investment in the Equity Shares is subject to general risks related to investments in Indian Companies._** 

Our Company is incorporated in India and almost all of our assets and employees are located in India. Consequently, our business, results of operations, financial condition and the market price of the Equity Shares 

62 

will be affected by changes in interest rates in India, policies of the Government of India, including taxation policies along with policies relating to industry, political, social and economic developments affecting India. 

**_15. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions), if they comply with the valuation and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and fall under any of the exceptions specified by the RBI, then the RBI’s prior approval is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. Further, in accordance with Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade, Government of India, investments where the beneficial owner of the Equity Shares is situated in or is a citizen of a country which shares land border with India, can only be made through the Government approval route, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy. These investment restrictions shall also apply to subscribers of offshore derivative instruments. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. 

# **_16. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares on a stock exchange held for more than 12 months will be subject to long term capital gains in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as whether the sale is undertaken on or off the stock exchanges, the quantum of gains and any available treaty exemption. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of Securities Transaction Tax (“ **STT** ”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. Further, any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. Additionally, the Finance Act, 2020 (" **Finance Act** ") does not require dividend distribution tax (" **DDT** ") to be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. 

**_17. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

# **_18. Our Promoter is selling Equity Shares in the Offer and will receive proceeds as part of the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer comprises of a fresh issue of up to 2,148,149 Equity Shares and an offer for sale of up to 8,224,270 by the Selling Shareholders. The proceeds from the Offer will be paid to Selling Shareholders, in respect of the Equity Shares offered by them in the Offer, and we will not receive any portion of such proceeds. For further details, please see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 100. 

**_19. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

63 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book-building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results of our Company, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

**_20. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by equity shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the trading price of our Equity Shares and returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

**_21. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholders, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers, and through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 109 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that the investor will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

**_22. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked securities by us may dilute your shareholding and any sale of Equity Shares by our Promoter or members of our Promoter Group may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any future issuance of the Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to the Equity Shares by us, may dilute your shareholding in our Company, adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and our ability to raise capital through an issue of our securities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will not issue additional Equity Shares. The disposal of Equity Shares by our Promoter and Promoter Group, or the perception that such sales may occur may significantly affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. Except as disclosed in “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 77, we cannot assure you that our Promoter and Promoter Group will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

# **_23. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company incorporated in India must offer its equity shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting rights on such resolution. However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. To the extent that you are unable to exercise 

64 

pre-emptive rights granted in respect of our Equity Shares, your proportional interests in our Company may be reduced. 

**_24. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed including Allotment pursuant to the Offer within six Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

65 

